Skip to content » Subscribe Now Digital Editions Home News All News Fashion News Beauty news Celebrity News Opinion Reports Fashion All Fashion Shopping Fashion Videos Hair & Beauty All Hair & Beauty Hair Skincare Make-up Nails How To Beauty Videos Hair Videos Life All Life Sex & Relationships Work Food & Drink Health & Fitness Weddings Things to do Travel Homes & Interiors Competitions Entertainment All Entertainment People TV & Film Music Books Technology Video All Video Fashion Videos Beauty Videos Hair Videos Fabled Subscribe Print Digital Follow Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram More Type to search Press enter or click on the search icon Home Entertainment Technology Is Apple about to get rid of the USB port? By Lucy Abbersteen October 25, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest 0shares Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest 0shares The headphone jack was merely the beginning... If the cutting of your beloved headphone jack from the new iPhone 7 made you angry, then brace yourselves, as the Apple USB port could also become a thing of the past very soon. It looks like the new models of Apple’s MacBook, released this month, won’t feature a USB port. Allow us to explain what we know so far about Apple’s latest revolutionised product. The Keynote on the new launches will take place at 10am (PDT) on Thursday 27th October – meaning that there’s not long until we find out what is true and what is just mere speculation. According to analysts KGI, we can expect to see three new models of the Apple MacBook: a 13 inch MacBook, and 13 and 15 inch models of the MacBook Pro, reports Metro.co.uk. The new MacBook Pros are the ones that are expected to lose the USB port – and also the Megasafe charging ports. So, how are you meant to charge your new laptop, we hear you ask? Well (if this is the case), it’s thought that the Apple USB port will be replaced with two different connectors: A USB-C and Thunderbolt 3. These thinner USB-C connectors can be plugged in either way around, unlike the current USBs. The rumour has been around for a little while now, although speculation has grown after news of the official launch. The Keynote will take place on 27th October | Source: Apple.com Apple are making some seriously radical changes at the moment, hey. We’ll definitely learn all of the finite details after the launch on Thursday 27th October. But either way, we’re really not sure how we would feel about the permanent loss of the USB port from our MacBooks. That would take far too much getting used to if you ask us. Why can’t things just stay the way they are? Watch this space. Reading now Entertainment Meet Katherine Waterston, star of new Harry Potter movie Fantastic Beasts Entertainment Why Planet Earth II is so good we could weep Technology How to hack-proof your life Celebrity News Gigi Hadid is worried about being seen as Zayn Malik’s ‘embarrassing girlfriend’ News People with tattoos share this surprising trait Health & Fitness This is why you shouldn’t share a bed with your partner Popular Donald Trump quotes: The man behind the mouth Best beauty advent calendars 2016 Primark’s had a high fashion makeover and we want it all The best winter boots: 28 styles you’ll love this season Tinder: The online dating app everyone’s STILL talking about Tantric sex: Your need-to-know guide 5:2 Diet: recipes, what you can eat on the fasting days and more… So, what exactly is balayage and why do we love it? Facial exercises: Face yoga is here and THIS is what you need to know… The AW16 trend report: your ultimate guide to the new fashion season Sex toys for women: 13 of the best The 12 best sites for online dating Books To Read Before You Die Winter wedding guest outfits: shop the edit Best winter coats: The Marie Claire edit The best eye cream, tried and tested Marie Claire Daily Sign up for our daily bulletin and get the latest fashion & beauty news, competitions and exclusive Marie Claire offers direct to your inbox Your email address: Sign Up By submitting your details, you will also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Marie Claire and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you’d prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy Show More Footer Links Home Contact us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Social Links CSS Overrides – DO NOT DELETE – must remain at BOTTOM of footer © Copyright Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. Marie Claire is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. Fashion & Beauty Network. All rights reserved.
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apple Fall Event 2016 October 27, 2016 Coverage Gadgets Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge Google’s self-driving cars are naturals when it comes to three-point turns Lima beefs up its Dropbox alternative with the $129 Lima Ultra Browse more... Hardware Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Browse more... Apple The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... MacBook The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Phil Schiller justifies the compromises of the MacBook Pro Browse more... macbook pro The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display Posted Oct 25, 2016 by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story Iris AI drastically expedites research through the power of artificial intelligence Apple has leaked its own big announcement with two hidden images of its upcoming MacBook Pro in the macOS Sierra 12.1 update. MacRumors first noticed the images in the system files. Meet the new MacBook Pro. As expected, the MacBook Pro features a second mini display above the keyboard. It replaces the function row and should change depending on what you’re doing. In the example, you can see that the display (probably called the Magic Toolbar) prompts the user to confirm the Apple Pay payment with the Touch ID sensor. As you can see, the function row is gone. On the one hand, I don’t remember the last time I used the F7 key. On the other hand, there’s no physical escape key anymore. On the photo, we can see that the left part of the display features a cancel button. So it’s more or less like hitting escape on your current keyboard — but it’s going to be harder compared to blindly hitting the top left key on your keyboard. These photos also show that there will be a Touch ID sensor in the new MacBook Pro. You can see on the second photo below that the Touch ID area is a bit darker. It’s not the same color as the rest of the display, so I think it’s not part of the display. But it doesn’t look like the home button on your iPhone or iPad. When you rest your finger on the home button of your iPhone, the metal ring senses your finger and triggers the Touch ID sensor. Surprisingly, there’s no ring around the Touch ID sensor. Something like 3D Touch could potentially render the metal ring useless though. Also worth noting, the keyboard looks an awful lot like the one on the 12-inch retina MacBook with larger keycaps. I don’t like the low key travel on the 12-inch retina MacBook. But it’s still unclear if this keyboard has deeper switches like on the external Magic Keyboard. As you can see in the top photo, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is going to have a slimmer bezel around the display and keyboard. And the speakers are now on each side of the keyboard instead of below the keyboard — this change in particular could indicate that the MacBook is slimmer. The hinge seems to be smaller; let’s hope that it’s still as strong as the one on existing MacBook Pro models. And that’s it for today! We don’t know the number of ports on this laptop. We don’t know the internal components, release date or price. Rumor has it that it’s going to ship with Intel Skylake processors and a bunch of USB Type-C ports. If you look at the current MacBook Pro, the USB and the MagSafe ports are a bottleneck when it comes to thickness. Switching all these ports to USB Type-C ports would make it much easier to make the laptop thinner. Apple will be holding an event on Thursday. In addition to updated MacBook Pro models, the company should also update the 13-inch MacBook Air with a new design and better components. The iMac could receive a performance update. The Mac Pro and Mac Mini have been neglected for years, and it’s unclear if it’s about to change. Finally, while a new retina external display is probably coming soon, it might not be ready just yet. Apple could still announce the new display and ship it later. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase MacBook Air Description The MacBook Air is a lightweight laptop with an aluminum unibody design. Website N/A Full profile for MacBook Air Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes macbook pro MacBook Apple Hardware Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Gadgets DroneBase raises from Union Square to pay any pilot for aerial footage 4 minutes ago | Josh Constine Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge 3 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s self-driving cars are naturals when it comes to three-point turns 7 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Lima beefs up its Dropbox alternative with the $129 Lima Ultra 7 hours ago | Romain Dillet Comment moderation powered by Up Next Iris AI drastically expedites research through the power of artificial intelligence Posted Oct 25, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Elections 2016 Sports Business Features Opinion Courier & Press Obituaries USA Today Media Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds More Home News Elections 2016 Sports Business Features Opinion Courier & Press Obituaries USA Today Media Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Modern Twist to a Fun Halloween Tradition Add a modern twist to a fun Halloween tradition Post to Facebook Modern Twist to a Fun Halloween Tradition Add a modern twist to a fun Halloween tradition  Check out this story on thegleaner.com: http://www.thegleaner.com/story/news/local/uca/life/2016/10/25/modern-twist-fun-halloween-tradition/91907912/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Modern Twist to a Fun Halloween Tradition Henderson 12:03 a.m. CDT October 25, 2016 Apple bobbing once was used as a way to weed out potential marriage suitors. Since then, it has become a fun Halloween party game primarily for children. (Photo: a) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Add a modern twist to a fun Halloween tradition Apples are synonymous with autumn. Apples ripen as the cool days of fall begin to arrive, and come Halloween, apples are a part of spooky celebrations that can be used for treats and games and as part of seasonal decorating. Apple bobbing is one autumn tradition that involves the use of apples. Despite the popularity of apple bobbing around Halloween, some historians believe the tradition of bobbing for apples is rooted in love and romance and  has little to do with trick-or-treating. According to History.com, apple bobbing began as a courting ritual. While the rules of the game varied, the idea was to attempt to bite into the apple named for the young man the woman desired. This method of courting eventually became less popular, but bobbing for apples was resurrected in the early 20th century when Americans who traced their roots to Ireland and England began playing the game at Halloween parties. Apple bobbing has also been linked to Samhain, the precursor to modern day Halloween. Celts believed apples could be used to determine if marriages would occur during a certain time of year. Young, unmarried people would attempt to bite into an apple floating in water or hanging from a string. The first to bite the apple would be the next to marry. Although apple bobbing still occurs today, many eschew the tradition because of germs. The concept of sticking ones face into a communal bucket of water isn't appealing in a society that prioritizes sanitary behavior. Those who grew up bobbing for apples and want to continue the tradition in a more sanitary way can create individualized games. Instead of one large bucket, purchase smaller buckets and fill them with water. Place a couple of apples in each bucket and let participants race to see who can grab an apple first. Another variation is to tie apples from strings and suspend them from a clothesline or a horizontal beam, as the ancient Celts once did. Participants try to grab the apples using only their mouths. Some might be surprised to learn that bobbing for apples is rooted in ancient customs that may have had something to do with marriage. While few would pair matrimony with bobbing for apples today, this fun tradition can still be enjoyed by Halloween revelers. Read or Share this story: http://www.thegleaner.com/story/news/local/uca/life/2016/10/25/modern-twist-fun-halloween-tradition/91907912/ More Stories Diabetes on rise in Kentucky despite curbing efforts Nov. 14, 2016, 12:29 p.m. Healing Reins Nov. 12, 2016, 11:02 p.m. Taste of Homemakers offers tasty treats Nov. 12, 2016, 2:39 p.m. Officials: 34 tons of trash picked up from Phoenix-area homeless camps Nov. 14, 2016, 6:45 p.m.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this iPhone Ios Macos Business The Channel Disaster in Cupertino: Apple only made US$9bn last quarter 'Holy s**t, Tim!' - profits have slipped to a mere 'bonkers' 25 Oct 2016 at 23:56, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Teen in the dock on terror apologist charge for naming Wi-Fi network 'Daesh 21' No spin zone: Samsung recalls 3M EXPLODING washing machines Swiss, geez: Robo-hooker coffee shop to be erected in Geneva Apple once again saw revenues drop, as 45.5 million iPhone 7 sales were not enough to boost its fourth-quarter earnings. CEO Tim Cook talked up the particularly strong performance of Apple's internet services while glossing over another quarter of falling revenues. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," Cook said. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record." For the 4th quarter of fiscal 2016 ending September 30th, the Cupertino maker of SOS logged: Revenues of US$46.8bn, which were down 9 per cent from Q4 2015's $51.5bn. Net income of $9bn on the quarter, down from $11bn in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.68, topping analyst predictions of $1.65. iPhone sales of 45.5 million units led to revenues of $28.1bn, down 13 per cent on the year-ago quarter. Mac sales topped out at 4.8 million units and $5.7bn in revenue, down 17 per cent. iPads sold to the tune of 9.26 million units and $4.25bn revenues, flat from the year-ago quarter. Services (including AppleCare and Apple Pay) brought revenues of $6.33bn, up 24 per cent from last year. For the full fiscal 2016 year: Revenues of $215.64bn were down from FY 2015's all-time high of $233.71bn. Net income for the year was $45.7bn, down from $53.3bn last year. Earnings per share of $8.35 were down from $9.28 in 2015. The figures come just two days before Apple is expected to announce a refresh to its Mac line with a new edition of Macbook Pro laptop. The notoriously tight-lipped Apple may have accidentally leaked images of the notebook inside a recent system update. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 8 Comments More from The Register Patch now: Apple emits fix for Pegasus spyware bugs in OS X, Safari Vulns in iOS show up in shared code with desktop cousins 4 Comments Apple is rolling WebRTC video-chat into Safari iOS, OS X browsers WebKit could soon get support for open conferencing standard 6 Comments Safari iOS crashing: Suggestions snafu KOs the Apple masses Fix your settings, or refresh your DNS? Give it a go and let us know 28 Comments Google scraps its Project Ara modular smartphone wheeze Software-focused firm backs out of hardware idea 43 Comments Safari 10 dumps Flash, Java, Silverlight, QuickTime in the trash Decaying flesh dropping off the Web's zombie plugins 27 Comments Is iOS 9.3 Apple's worst ever update? First it bricks iThings, now Safari is busted What's a web browser without working links? 53 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Several SF election contests still up in the air Left turns whittled down on SF’s Van Ness Avenue Half Moon Bay accountant, 70, arrested in embezzlement probe UC Santa Cruz police investigate possible hate-crime assault Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr debunks Klay Thompson trade rumor 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs PG&E plugs fast-rising executive Geisha Williams into CEO role Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/att-time-warner-deal-media-merger-analysis/ Why AT&T-Time Warner Deal Could Kickstart More Big Media Mergers After telecom giant’s $85 billion acquisition, tech giants and China are circling other content-oriented companies Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 4:22 pm, Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Why AT&T-Time Warner Deal Could Kickstart More Big Media Mergers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery AT&T’s $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner has put entertainment companies under a much brighter spotlight, as the new wave of distributors battle for ownership of content in a constantly expanding and evolving media universe — with one major player freshly off the market. The healthy premium AT&T paid — 36 percent higher than Time Warner’s Oct. 19 closing price and a 66 percent markup over where the stock was at the start of the year — could entice more media companies to come to the table, making it the first domino in a series of potential entertainment M&A deals. With a new direct-to-consumer streaming service coming online seemingly every week, securing prime content to differentiate each offering is crucial. And with deep-pocketed buyers from Apple to China’s Dalian Wanda Group circling, producers of prestige programming could find themselves at the center of a feeding frenzy. Also Read: AT&T-Time Warner Deal: 5 Big Things to Know About the Proposed Merger “What we saw over the weekend is a continued convergence and consolidation across sectors which we’re seeing in entertainment and media and technology,” Todson Page, the U.S. Technology Deals Leader at PwC, told TheWrap. He expects more deals that combine content with the myriad tech and distribution companies that are also dipping more than a toe into media. “Uncertain economy or not, there’s a lot at stake,” he said. “And especially these days, there’s only so many players at scale.” var googletag = googletag || {}; googletag.cmd = googletag.cmd || []; googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot('/30981161/TheWrapRemnantOOP', 'div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0').addService(googletag.pubads()); googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); googletag.enableServices(); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0'); }); As the line between media and technology increasingly blurs, Page said both sides could find value in combining. He said tech companies could use their expertise to build a more customized user experience and monetize viewer data — giving them another potential source of revenue. Also Read: AT&T-Time Warner Merger: What Will It Mean for HBO? (Analysis) “There’s still quite a bit of room in that convergence between media companies and technology,” he said. “There’s also things like just enhancing the customer experience. Different ways of monetizing that data beyond just advertising. Those use cases are definitely going to come into play.” Apple was reported to have had interest in Time Warner, which may have spurred AT&T to act as quickly as it did in closing the transaction. And on Tuesday’s conference call following Apple’s fiscal fourth-quarter earnings, CEO Tim Cook opened the door for purchases in the company’s not-too-distant future. “We’re open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more,” Cook said on the call. Also Read: AT&T, Time Warner Vow to Shape Content Based on Data Apple has a cool $238 billion in cash, more than the market cap of Disney and Netflix combined, and other tech companies are also resource-rich, Page said. He mentioned the “unicorns” — private companies with valuations in excess of $1 billion — as good candidates to take a serious look at buying content companies. Snap Inc. — parent of Snapchat — is a unicorn with a growing number of media partnerships, and after raising more than $2.6 billion in venture capital it would appear to have the resources to make a major entertainment purchase. “There are companies there that have strong brands,” he said. “They’ve got a strong distribution channel and a strong installed user base. One of the options is to monetize that user base with content other than user-generated.” AT&T’s scoop might also incentivize Chinese buyers — which have been plenty aggressive in acquiring entertainment assets, particularly the Dalian Wanda Group — to lock down even more content. This year, Wanda acquired Legendary Entertainment for $3.5 billion and is in talks to buy Dick Clark Productions for another $1 billion. And Chinese tech giants Alibaba and Tencent have made content deals of their own. According to a senior executive at a Chinese studio, the prime motivation is to leverage content rights to entice new subscribers to their streaming services and other products. However, an increasingly skeptical political climate could crimp these plans. In a three-day span earlier this month, members of Congress asked two separate government agencies to take a look at the flurry of acquisitions of U.S. companies by Chinese firms — especially Wanda — and the Washington Post published an op-ed arguing that “it is not far-fetched to assume that China would seek to spread pro-regime propaganda via ownership of U.S. entertainment media.” “That’s going to be really driven by what happens in our election,” Page said. “And what the message is in Washington coming out of the first and second quarter of next year.” But even if China’s ambition gets curbed for political reasons, with so many deep-pocketed potential purchasers out there, content creators should be increasingly in the crosshairs of big guns targeting acquisitions. Randall Stephenson, the CEO of AT&T, certainly thinks so. “The next wave of integration in this business takes vertical integration of premium content and distribution,” he told analysts on Monday. “And I expect the rest of the industry is going to innovate along with us.” Read original story Why AT&T-Time Warner Deal Could Kickstart More Big Media Mergers At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Racist graffiti met by mass ‘greeting’ events Latest News BART delays after cover pops off third rail Man fatally shot in West Oakland Suspect on the loose after opening fire on officers in SJ Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months The 6 most surprising things from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 Post-war San Francisco under construction Drugs and 'unspeakable dance halls': Tenderloin history Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 2 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 5 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 6 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 7 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 8 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 9 Megyn Kelly says Donald Trump tried to give her free flights... 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump Latest News BART delays after cover pops off third rail Man fatally shot in West Oakland Suspect on the loose after opening fire on officers in SJ Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Movies you didn't know were filmed in San Francisco View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Finance Kagan: Pay TV Losses Reach 430K in Q3 By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 Content HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 People Comcast Names Kathy Kelly-Brown SVP, Strategic Initiatives By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 FCC PTC to Senate: Confirm FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel By John Eggerton Nov 14, 2016 Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Virtual Reality IMAX Raises $50 Million for VR Centers, Content By Chris Tribbey (B&C) Nov 14, 2016 VOD VRV’s ‘Combo Pack’ Offers 8 SVOD Channels for $9.99/Month By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Broadband Analyst: U.S. Telcos May Never Generate Fixed-Data Sub Growth Again By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 25 2016 Transactions Cook: Apple ‘Open to Acquisitions of Any Size’ Apple reportedly pursued Time Warner Inc. 10/25/2016 7:48 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Tim Cook Apple is “open” to acquisitions both big and small, so long as it has a strategic fit, company CEO Tim Cook said Tuesday on Apple’s fiscal Q4 earnings call.   “We are open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more,” Cook said. “We look at a whole variety of companies and, based on that, we choose whether to move forward or not.”   Cook was responding to a question on whether Apple would consider an acquisition that is “larger than normal.” Potential M&A targets weren’t mentioned by name, but the question was obviously about a The Wall Street Journal report that Apple had approached Time Warner about a merger a few months ago, but that those talks didn’t get beyond the “preliminary stage.” That report came out late last week when rumors of an AT&T-Time Warner courtship were flying. AT&T and TW announced a proposed merger on Saturday (Oct. 22).   Later on the call, Cook later confirmed that “television has an intense interested with me and many other people here.”   And he also acknowledged Apple’s move into original content. “I think it's a great opportunity for us both from a creation point of view and an ownership point of view,” Cook said.   Apple posted Q4 revenues of $46.9 billion, and net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. It expects fiscal Q1 revenue of $76 billion to $78 billion   In Q4, Apple continued to see a decline in device shipments.    The company shipped 45.51 million iPhones in the period, down 5% year-on-year, though an improvement versus the past two quarters.   Apple hopes to rekindle smartphone growth with the new iPhone 7 line. Cook said demand for the new product is outstripping supply, especially for the iPhone 7 Plus.  Total iPhone sales were up in 33 of Apple’s top 40 markets worldwide in Q4, Cook said.   Apple also shipped 9.26 million iPads in the period, down 6% from the year-ago period.   On the smart home front, Cook said Apple expects there to be 100 HomeKit-compatible products on the market by year-end.   Cook sidestepped a question about Apple’s rumored connected car strategy.   “We look for ways [where] we can improve the customer experience on different sets of products. We're always looking at new things,” he said. “There’s a lot of technologies that will either become available …or will be able to revolutionize the car experience…It’s  interesting from that point of view.” Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Apple    Tim Cook    AT&T-Time Warner merger    OTT    mobile    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: NeuLion Expands in Asia with RugbyPass OTT Service WWE SmackDown Live To Air 900th Episode Wazee Digital's Andy Hurt Named to IABM North America Regional Council CenturyLink and Infinera Deliver 2.5 Tb/s of Super-channel DWDM Capacity at Super Computing 2016  Bart Baker to Premiere First Track from His Upcoming Debut Album Across Music Choice’s Platforms Starting November 11th MUSIC CHOICE TO FEATURE EXCLUSIVE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS CONTENT French reseller DV2 is latest Calrec Audio distributor for Brio “BET Presents Love & Happiness: An Obama Celebration” From The White House First Take Moves to ESPN January 3 Complex Networks’ Seriously.Tv Orders Series, Thanksgiving, From Writer Bethany Hall And Producer Daniel Powell, Co-Creator Of 'Inside Amy Schumer' Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now Fox News, CNN Blocked on DirecTV for Second Day PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls Related Stories VRV’s ‘Combo Pack’ Offers 8 SVOD Channels for $9.99/Month Jeff Baumgartner - 11/14/2016 01:47:00 PM America/New_York VRV, Ellation’s new subscription VOD aggregation Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding Jeff Baumgartner - 11/14/2016 09:31:00 AM America/New_York Starz Play Arabia, the SVOD service offered in 19 countries Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing Jeff Baumgartner - 11/14/2016 09:01:00 AM America/New_York Hulu announced Monday that it has hired Nicole Sabatini Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → IMAX Raises $50 Million for VR Centers, Content CTA, CTIA Back Cox in Court Fight NBC Slots LeBron’s ‘The Wall’ For Jan. 3 Season Three of ‘Schitt’s Creek’ Pops Jan. 11 Sony, Nokia Partner Up on VR Production, Distribution Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Triton Digital’s Top 20 Ranker for September of 2016 There’s a New Satellite in Town Norway CE Group Endorses FM-to-DAB Adaptor as Gift SBE Chapter 54 Day of Learning 'Manchester by the Sea' Director Kenneth Lonergan on Writing Characters That Are Overwhelmed Andrew Dominik Directs Simple and Powerful Nick Cave Music Video Watch the Trailer for Raoul Peck's Timely James Baldwin Documentary 'I Am Not Your Negro' Ang Lee Says He Will Continue to Explore High Frame Rate 'Manchester by the Sea' Editor Jen Lame on Letting the Film Breathe with a Longer Running Time Facebook Does 20 Gbps Millimeter-Wave Broadband Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Avid MediaCentral Heads to Sky Deutschland NAB Show NY Explores Emerging Technologies 2016 NAB Show New York Nets 15,000+ Attendees News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Bay Area races and Election Day results from ABC7 News Full Story Email BREAKING NEWS ABC7 News at 4 p.m. -- WATCH LIVE HERE Full Story Email APPLE Apple's quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Email share share tweet email none In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2011 file photo and Apple logo is seen during an announcement at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, file) AP Tuesday, October 25, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple says it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the last quarter, 5 percent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company's rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. Apple reported Tuesday that its revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. Profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion. The results are a reflection of lukewarm interest in last year's iPhone models. Apple released two new models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, just two weeks before the quarter ended. Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines. Analysts say that's a good indicator for 2017. The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple's biggest. RELATED: Consumer Reports puts New iPhone 7 to the test Fore more stories to related to Apple, click here. Related Topics: technologyappleiphonesmartphonesbusinessu.s. & worldSan FranciscoCupertino Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. APPLE Sassy Siri can help you choose a Halloween costume Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh Apple to unveil new MacBook at event in Cupertino Facebook building rentals to help with housing crunch More apple TECHNOLOGY NES Classic launch crashes Amazon Bookstore bans Wi-Fi, makes customers read books Beware of fake apps selling counterfeit items Are you dead? According to Facebook, you might be Mountain View company ships world's first smart go-kart More Technology Top Stories Donor offers $50,000 reward for information on murder of San Francisco attorney San Francisco mayor says election will not change the city Airbnb agrees to San Francisco housing regulations Major construction project underway on SF's Van Ness PHOTOS: Super moon lights up the Bay Area EXCLUSIVE: Are Nevada officials hauling bears away for hunting? San Francisco crab season kicks off today with limitations Show More Sticky note protest art enables San Francisco voters to share thoughts Second Harvest Food Bank brings mobile pantry to SJSU WB 580 in Albany closed for hours after pedestrian killed Pedestrian killed trying to cross Highway 101 near SFO 2 San Jose police officers escape injury after being shot at More News Photos PHOTOS: Students protest Trump in march through SF PHOTOS: Bay Area votes in 2016 Election PHOTOS: Protests spark in Bay Area after 2016 election Donald Trump cake wheeled into Trump Tower More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.7 Fantastical 2.3 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.6 VMware Fusion 8.5.1 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.6     Related Articles Aetna to Promote Apple Watches to Employees and Customers (28 Sep 16) Apple Watch Series 2 Offers GPS, Water Resistance, and More Power (07 Sep 16) W1-powered AirPods Usher in a New Era of Wireless Audio (07 Sep 16) Apple Wraps up a Record-Breaking Year in Q4 2015 (27 Oct 15)     Published in TidBITS 1344. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. iOS 10.1.1 Fixes Viewing of Health Data Apple’s TV App Seeks to Unify the Apple TV Experience New MacBook Pros Add Context-sensitive Touch Bar How to Migrate to a New Mac TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 31 October 2016 ExtraBITS for 31 October 2016     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 25 Oct 2016 | Print  | Comment (0) Despite $9 Billion Profit, Apple Revenues Slump Again in Q4 2016 by Michael E. Cohen and Josh Centers Apple has announced a net profit of $9 billion ($1.67 per diluted share) on revenues of $46.9 billion for its Q4 2016 financial results — the period ending 24 September 2016. That’s a lot of money, but the company’s revenues are down 9.8 percent compared to the year-ago quarter (see “Apple Wraps up a Record-Breaking Year in Q4 2015,” 27 October 2015). Gross margin also dropped slightly, clocking in at 38 percent compared to 39.9 percent a year ago. Apple announced a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of common stock, to be paid on 10 November 2016. Despite the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models being introduced in Q4 2016, iPhone unit sales were down 5 percent year over year, providing 13 percent less revenue than the year-ago quarter. The newly released iPhone 7 models had only small impact on these results as they became available for pre-order only in the last two weeks of the quarter. Interestingly, Apple does not anticipate extra sales due to the problems that its Korean competitor Samsung has recently experienced with its exploding Galaxy Note 7. CFO Luca Maestri noted that Apple already is selling every iPhone it can build. In somewhat brighter news, Apple has reduced the iPad revenue bleed, with no change in revenue over Q4 2015, despite iPad unit sales dropping by 6 percent. The explanation is Apple’s focus on the higher-margin iPad Pro line, which appears to be paying off. Apple is also more effectively targeting the business market with its tablets. The company says that 120 partners around the world are working on iPad-related enterprise initiatives. With no new Macs in the product line, year-over-year unit sales dropped by 14 percent, for a 17 percent decrease in revenue. Nonetheless, the worldwide installed base of Macs is at an all-time high. Whether the new MacBook Pro models announced on 27 October 2016 will revitalize sales during the upcoming holiday quarter remains to be seen (see “New MacBook Pros Add Context-sensitive Touch Bar,” 27 October 2016). The Other Products category took a beating, with a 22 percent year-over-year decline in revenue. That category includes several new products, such as the Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 1, and the W1-powered Beats Solo3 wireless headphones (see “Apple Watch Series 2 Offers GPS, Water Resistance, and More Power,” 7 September 2016 and “W1-powered AirPods Usher in a New Era of Wireless Audio,” 7 September 2016). However, those new products debuted late in the quarter, and the AirPods have yet to reach the market. Perhaps health insurance company Aetna buying tens of thousands of Apple Watches will turn the tide (see “Aetna to Promote Apple Watches to Employees and Customers,” 28 September 2016). If healthcare firms find that equipping employees and customers with Apple Watches saves them money in the long-term, that could be huge opportunity for Apple. The Apple Watch could use the boost: market intelligence firm IDC reported that overall smartwatch sales are down nearly 52 percent year-over-year for the third quarter of 2016, with only Garmin doing well. Speaking of Other Products, rumors have been swirling lately that Apple will launch a smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo, but CEO Tim Cook seemed to downplay those rumors, saying that we live in a mobile world and people want a digital assistant like Siri with them all the time. Also, during the Q&A portion of the conference call, Cook touched on the debate surrounding Apple’s artificial intelligence efforts. Many pundits have argued that Apple is lagging behind Google in this area due to Apple’s commitment to privacy. Cook called that a false tradeoff. “We don’t buy that. It may take a different kind of work, or more thinking, but I don’t think we should throw privacy away.” Apple’s one area of growth continues to be the Services category, which saw a whopping 24 percent revenue increase over Q4 2015. Despite claims that services are not Apple’s strong suit, Services is now a larger category than Mac, iPad, or Other Products, and is bested only by the iPhone category. App Store revenues alone increased 43 percent, and Apple Music revenues grew by 22 percent. Apple Pay also continues to increase its profile, with transactions up 500 percent year-over-year. More Apple Pay transactions took place last quarter than in all of the previous fiscal year. Apple’s international results were a mixed bag. Although sales in China were off, other sectors, including the Americas, Japan, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region, tallied increased revenues. In fact, revenue from Japan increased by 23 percent compared to the previous quarter. Despite the disappointing results from China, Cook said that Apple remains “very bullish” on China and noted increasing opportunities in India, where sales were up 50 percent year-over-year. He attributed those opportunities to the preponderance of young people in India, the growth of 4G mobile networks in the region, and the increasing size of the middle class. 2016 was a rough year for Apple, marking the company’s first annual revenue decline since 2001. However, it’s inappropriate to read too much into that, since Q4 2016’s $9 billion in profit was still the second-highest profit that the company has posted in any previous Q4. Although Apple’s financials currently seem to be headed in the wrong direction, the company predicts a return to growth in the next quarter. That would come thanks to the new iPhone 7 models hitting their stride, possibly bolstered by increased MacBook Pro sales if the pent-up demand is large enough. In any case, Apple’s massive cash pile still managed to grow by $6.1 billion since Q3 2016. It’s now up to $237.6 billion — nearly a quarter of a trillion dollars and more than the entire California state government spent in 2015 ($159 billion). Surely, Apple could do something interesting with all that money.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Alberic Muller, Michael Destefano Jr, Seth Anderson, and Charles Peto for their generous support!   Comments about Despite $9 Billion Profit, Apple Revenues Slump Again in Q4 2016 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Even though Apple introduced new products in Q4 2016, the company’s financial slump has continued, with services being the main bright spot in its quarterly earnings report. It’s not exactly doom and gloom, though, since Apple still posted a net profit over $9 billion on revenues of $46.9 billion. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Michael E. Cohen and Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's holiday surprise: big sales, not so big profits By Reuters Published: 20:13 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 20:13 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Jeffrey Dastin and Anya George Tharakan Oct 25 (Reuters) - Apple Inc posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales on Tuesday and forecast slimmer-than-expected profit margins over the upcoming holiday season even as it projected record sales, sending its shares down. The world's most valuable publicly traded company said improved sales from China were around the corner, despite revenue falling almost 30 percent from the country in the latest quarter. It said sales so far to India have only scratched the surface. But a slight miss on fiscal fourth-quarter revenue and a projection of gross profit margins a touch behind analyst targets reflected broader concerns that Apple may have lost its tech superiority, even with the refreshed iPhone 7. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple's products are still seen favorably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note. Apple shares fell 2.8 percent to $114.99 in after-hours trading. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in a phone interview with Reuters it was "impossible to know" if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. He also said that Apple was "supply constrained" and selling all the smartphones it could make. "It's clear that Apple is bullish about growth in the iPhone, but there's little evidence of that growth in the actual results announced today," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. "Given that the iPhone 7 and especially the iPhone 7 Plus is in short supply, Apple is going to be a little constrained in its ability to take full advantage of the strong demand we're seeing," he added. NATURAL PAUSE Apple said it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24. That beat the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Revenue fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Apple forecast revenue of $76 billion to $78 billion for the current, holiday-dominated quarter, ahead of the consensus estimate of $75.08 billion. If it hits that estimate, this quarter would be Apple's biggest on record by sales, ahead of the $75.9 billion revenue it posted in the year-ago period. However, Apple offered a conservative outlook on profit margins, 38 to 38.5 percent, versus expectations of nearly 39 percent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. "I think people were a bit surprised," said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. Apple shares have outperformed the market over the last three months, and Edward Jones analyst Bill Kreher said the shares were taking a "natural pause" even though results were positive. The stock hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May and has marched up since as investor confidence returned. HOPES FOR CHINA Apple is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri said. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is still growing, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple's newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. The company's net income fell to $9.01 billion, or $1.67 per share in the quarter from $11.12 billion, or $1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of $1.66 per share. Apple's fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. Chief Executive Tim Cook also said on a call with analysts that India was poised to boom in smartphone sales as a more powerful 4G cellular network was put in place this year and next. He also hinted at potential future areas of business, commenting that media content creation and ownership was a great opportunity. Cook declined to say whether Apple was working on a car, as has been widely reported, but he called the industry "interesting." (Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Writing by Peter Henderson; Editing by Ted Kerr and Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 50° F Broken Clouds Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge wins national award Updated: 47 mins ago Connecticut DOT wins top honor in national contest for New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge. Obama says Trump ‘sincere’ about being president for all Americans 6:15 pm (CNN)–President Barack Obama encouraged Americans Monday to give President-elect Donald Trump some time to get adjusted to the responsibilit… Orange Man Charged With Moving Property Line Marker 6:00 pm New study could have older women thinking twice about all that protein 5:57 pm Ask the Lawyer: Legalizing recreational marijuana 5:49 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 50° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 50° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 74% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 6:39 AM Sunset: 4:32 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 50° F Broken Clouds Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Apple’s quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains By Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 7:15 pm Updated: October 26, 2016, 5:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, in San Francisco. Apple reported Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, that it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the previous quarter, 5 percent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company's rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After stumbling in 2016, Apple is betting on a better year ahead. The Silicon Valley tech giant is forecasting a return to growth in iPhone sales this winter, after a rare slump that dropped a wet blanket on Apple’s revenue and stock performance over the last three quarters. The company is also set to unveil new Mac computers later this week, hoping to boost lagging interest in a set of products that are symbolically significant even if they’re less financially important to the company than the iPhone. Apple has been struggling with shrinking demand for its signature products at a time when analysts say it’s increasingly difficult for tech companies to come up with dramatically new features. Many consumers are holding onto their old smartphones and PCs for longer, seeing little reason to buy a new model that’s only slightly better. One consequence: Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the quarter that ended in September. That was slightly more than the 45 million that Wall Street expected, but still 5 percent fewer than the 48 million iPhones it sold in the same period a year earlier. RENEWED INTEREST IN IPHONES Still, analysts say consumers are showing renewed interest in Apple’s latest iPhone models. Based on early sales, Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told The Associated Press, “We feel very good about the momentum of the 7 and 7 Plus.” The 7 and 7 Plus models aren’t a radical change from the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which were wildly popular when they were introduced two years ago. But analyst Patrick Moorhead said the new phones have enough improvements, including new camera systems, longer battery life and water resistance, to fare better than last year’s lackluster 6S and 6S Plus. Apple could also benefit because many iPhone 6 owners may be ready to replace their two-year-old phones. The company only started selling the new iPhone 7 models last month, which means it had less than two weeks of sales in the quarter. But Apple’s revenue forecast calls for sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the December quarter. That’s higher than the Wall Street estimate, which was just under $75 billion. Apple’s forecast also represents a modest increase over the $75.8 billion in sales that Apple reported for the December quarter last year, and it suggests the company expects to beat last year’s record of 74.8 million iPhones sold in that period, which is traditionally Apple’s biggest quarter for sales. Maestri wouldn’t comment on how many iPhones Apple expects to sell in December quarter, but Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster estimated the company’s revenue forecast suggests it will sell 78.5 million iPhones. APPLE: STILL IPHONE-DEPENDENT Apple shares closed Tuesday at $118.25, but fell two percent in late trading. The stock had been gaining in recent weeks after wallowing below $100 for much of the spring and summer. Reporting on its fiscal fourth quarter, which ended Sept. 24, Apple said revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion, while profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion profit. Earnings amounted to $1.67 a share, compared with Wall Street estimates of $1.66 a share on revenue of $47 billion. Apple ended its fiscal year with annual sales of $215.6 billion and profit of $45.7 billion. Most companies would be thrilled with those numbers. But some analysts warn Apple relies too heavily on a single product line, the iPhone, which contributed nearly two thirds of Apple’s revenue. “Management hasn’t diversified the revenue stream,” said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis, who noted that Apple faces a host of competitors in a global smartphone market that’s seeing slower growth overall. “Counting phones is a horrible way to live and die every quarter.” SAMSUNG’S BAD NEWS: GOOD NEWS FOR APPLE Some of Apple’s growth in coming months may come at the expense of its biggest rival. South Korea’s Samsung was forced this month to recall its entire output of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which it introduced this fall to compete with Apple’s newest iPhones. As consumers look for alternatives, analysts say that could boost iPhone unit sales by 5 million or more in the coming year. Apple had its own setbacks this year, though on a lesser scale. While notoriously tight-lipped about future plans, Apple is widely believed to be working on new products in areas like virtual reality and self-driving cars. But the company recently shifted gears on its automotive ambitions, deciding to focus on creating technology for autonomous vehicles, rather than take on the more daunting task of building an entirely new car. According to news reports, the shift led Apple to cut jobs and trim its auto division. OTHER HITS STILL ELUSIVE Another new product, the Apple Watch, has drawn lukewarm consumer interest since it launched in 2015. Apple doesn’t break out watch sales figures, but market researchers at IDC estimate the company shipped 1.1 million units in the last quarter. While that’s still more than any other smartwatch maker, it’s down significantly from IDC’s estimate that Apple shipped 3.9 million watches a year earlier. Revenue in Apple’s “Other Products” category, which includes the Apple Watch and the iPod music player, fell 22 percent to $2.4 billion in the July-September quarter. Apple recently updated the watch and Maestri said he expects strong sales in coming months. Apple’s also hoping to reverse a yearlong decline in sales of its Mac computers — its original product line — by unveiling updated Macbook and desktop iMacs later this week. Apple sold 4.9 million Macs in the three months ending Sept. 24, down 14 percent from a year earlier. As in other recent quarters, Apple continued to show strength in its “Services” business, which includes iTunes, the App Store, Apple Pay and other digital services. Apple said revenue in that category rose 24 percent to $6.3 billion in the quarter. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh Apple unveils iPhone 7 with better camera, no headphone jack Macy’s sees happy holidays and shares boom Apple delays its AirPods launch Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks technology could ‘revolutionize’ the car experience – The Verge Posted on October 25, 2016 by Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks technology could ‘revolutionize’ the car experience The Verge Much has been said about Apple’s fledgling automative efforts, with reports of its Project Titan car division shifting its focus away from building a vehicle and toward automation and software. Today on an earnings call, CEO Tim Cook offered perhaps … Tim Cook says Apple is interested in both content creation and ownershipAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Tim Cook: ‘We Don’t Buy’ the Need to Give Up Privacy for AIMac Rumors Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls TV An “Intense” Interest For HimDeadline all 6 news articles …read more wrote 21357 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News New MacBook Pro Reviews: Should You Gamble On The Controversial Touch Bar? – Forbes Google also gets fooled by fake election news – Washington Post Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts – The Verge What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes – The Verge MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Apple Sees Weaker iPhone Sales Amidst Trouble in China Apple Sees Weaker iPhone Sales Amidst Trouble in China By Tom Brant October 25, 2016 06:17pm EST 10 Comments iPhone shipments were down 5 percent and revenue decreased 15 percent. Apple sold 5 percent fewer iPhones in the last quarter compared to the same period a year earlier, the company told investors today on an earnings conference call. iPhone revenue declined even more sharply at 17 percent during the same period. Apple CEO Tim Cook said one of the main reasons for the declines was weaker demand for the iPhone 7 in China, where consumers were quick to upgrade to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus last year. "When you look at what happened in '15 in China, we had a surge of upgraders that came into the market for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus," Cook told investors. That surge was much larger than the demand increase following the iPhone 5s release, he said, and it isn't something that the company was able to replicate with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released on Sept. 16. Why aren't Chinese consumers buying more iPhone 7s? Cook pointed to several reasons, including a challenging foreign exchange rate environment that has resulted in manufacturing supply shortages. His comments suggest Apple thinks supply constraints are more important than softening demand for smartphones, which multiple analysts have predicted this year. //Related Articles The Most Annoying Features in iOS 10 "We are very bullish on China," Cook said. "Looking forward, the response to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has been very positive." He also spoke briefly about the rumors that have been swirling around Apple's ambitions in the self-driving car industry. A report last month indicated that the company "laid off dozens" of people as its car effort shrinks. Cook would only say that Apple sees a lot of promise in self-driving cars. "We look for ways that we can improve the experiences on different sets of products," he said. "It's clear that there's a lot of technology that will become available to revolutionize the car experience." Back to top Previous : BlackBerry Tips the DTEK60, its Third Android Phone Samsung Still No. 1 Smartphone Vendor, Despite Note 7 Debacl... Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Crowdsourced Smartwatch Runs on Body Heat The makers of the PowerWatch are hoping to eliminate the hassle of charging. More » Kaspersky: Microsoft Is Thwarting Third-Party Antivirus Makers Kaspersky says Windows 10 is too aggressive at disabling other antivirus programs; Russia is investi... More » Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Enterprises Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple iPhone sales fall as revenue from Greater China sinks almost 30 per cent  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Enterprises Apple Apple Apple iPhone sales fall as revenue from Greater China sinks almost 30 per cent Higher revenue seen from year-end Christmas and New Year holiday season PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 26 October, 2016, 6:10am UPDATED : Wednesday, 26 October, 2016, 11:01pm Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Related Articles Lifestyle Apple doubles down on running with Nike-edition smartwatch 3 Nov 2016 Lifestyle Microsoft takes aim at Apple with high-end PCs and 3D software 2 Nov 2016 Lifestyle How Apple lost a round to Microsoft in high-end computing battle 2 Nov 2016 Apple posted a third quarter in a row of declining iPhone sales on Tuesday, but beat Wall Street targets for its flagship product and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday shopping season. Shares of the world’s most valuable publicly traded company fell 2.6 per cent to US$115.10 in after-hours trading. Apple executives said demand for the new iPhone 7, the company’s best hope to revive flagging sales, was strong, despite fiscal fourth-quarter revenue dips in China and the Americas, its two most important markets. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was “impossible to know” if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. Apple said it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended September 24, beating the average analysts’ estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Revenue fell 9 per cent to $46.85 billion, a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “Apple didn’t have a great (fourth quarter) as iPhones, Macs, China, the US and what appears to be Watch were down,” said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple’s next growth engine, fell almost 30 per cent in the quarter, after dropping 33 per cent in the preceding period. Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. Apple also forecast gross profit margins slightly behind Wall Street targets, projecting 38 to 38.5 per cent, versus expectation of closer to 39 per cent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. “I think people were a bit surprised that they were so conservative there,” said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. The stock hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May but has been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Apple to open Shenzhen R&D hub, boosting city’s plan to remake itself as China’s ‘Silicon Valley’ Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter. Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Apple is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri said in an interview with Reuters. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is growing nonetheless, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple’s newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. The company’s net income fell to $9.01 billion, or $1.67 per share in the quarter from $11.12 billion, or $1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of $1.66 per share. Apple’s fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. Analysts, on average, expect the company to sell 75.8 million iPhones in the current quarter, according to FactSet. Apple launched its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models two weeks before the end of the quarter. Unusually, though, it did not release first-weekend sales figures, saying this data had become more of a reflection of supply than demand. The fourth-quarter figures also include sales of the 6S and 6S Plus models as well as the smaller and cheaper iPhone SE. Apple should have benefited from an extra week of sales in the latest quarter compared with last year. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: apple feels the crunch as sales dip   Most Popular Viewed 1 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 2 China’s most powerful rocket lifts off from island launch centre 3 China, Russia join the crowded sky: widebody planes to cut reliance on Airbus, Boeing 4 Two-thirds of smartphone users now paying by mobile 5 6 ways parents in Hong Kong and everywhere can help teens addicted to mobiles Shared 1 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 2 Two-thirds of smartphone users now paying by mobile 3 China’s most powerful rocket lifts off from island launch centre 4 6 ways parents in Hong Kong and everywhere can help teens addicted to mobiles 5 China, Russia join the crowded sky: widebody planes to cut reliance on Airbus, Boeing Commented 1 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 2 Hong Kong oath-taking saga shows ugly side of city’s colonial legacy 3 Mainland paper slams Hong Kong independence advocates in 1,000-word commentary 4 Youngspiration duo increasingly isolated by pan-democratic allies, as antics cause harm and chaos 5 Time to resume talks, Taiwanese president tells the mainland Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Shaping up: Home-grown app, Green WALK Hong Kong, is the pick of the mobile apps In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 American Express corporate payment solutions help businesses drive savings for growth Presented by: American Express Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer Remix: Regulators won't play by the rules for AT&T and Time Warner Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 7:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer Remix: Regulators won&#039;t play by the rules for AT&amp;T and TWX</p> <p>Jim Cramer broke down his thoughts on M&amp;A in today&rsquo;s market and how he thinks regulators could react.</p> Cramer Remix: Regulators won't play by the rules for AT&T and TWX    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 7:00 PM ET | 01:22 Jim Cramer encourages all CEOs on the cusp of doing a big deal to think twice before trusting their advisors. "Read my lips: No new big deals. Don't be fooled. The rules are now clear — the regulators want to stop them before they get started," the "Mad Money" host said. The news on Tuesday morning that DuPont and Dow Chemical will delay their merger until February was just another blow for Cramer. "I am beginning to believe that the lawyers and investment bankers who advise executives about this process are either totally clueless or so arrogant it amounts to the same thing," Cramer said. As for the AT&T and Time Warner deal, Cramer doesn't expect regulators to play by the traditional rules. Traditional rules are that Time Warner makes content and AT&T distributes content, so there isn't an overlap, and the deal will go through. New rules say that the entity could be so powerful that it could fail to develop new products to compete against Facebook and Alphabet. The entity could become so powerful that it will stifle creativity. But of course, the advisors behind these deals think it's still a no-brainer, Cramer said. Jetta Productions | Getty Images Nitpickers were out in full force after Apple reported earnings on Tuesday, which left Cramer perplexed as to why Wall Street is ignoring the company's service revenue stream. "To me, once again, the exceedingly profitable revenue stream is the one to watch, and it is still being relatively ignored, despite its 24 percent growth to $6.3 billion, and despite the naysayers' comments," the Cramer said. After reviewing the quarter, Cramer gave his usual mantra to own Apple, don't trade it. Apple's stock jumped far in advance of earnings, partially because of Samsung's issue with the Galaxy Note 7 phone that left room for Apple to take share in the industry. Sometimes to get a true pulse on the economy, Cramer likes to look beyond the stock market to speak with individuals who are influencing the industries they are in. Daymond John is a fashion mogul and entrepreneur who is the founder and CEO of FUBU and one of the original investors on "Shark Tank." He is also the author of three books, the most recent titled "The Power of Broke." Cramer spoke with John on his perspective of Samsung's brand recovery following the issue with the Galaxy Note 7. John said he thinks the brand can recover. "When I was a little brown boy from Queens making a couple of hats, it was Samsung's tech style division that reached out to me and turned me into a $6 billion brand. So, they are always looking … somehow they are going to manage to bring that to their new devices, because nobody thought they could even touch Apple. Look where they got in such a short period of time" John said. Mark Neuling | CNBC Apple iPhone 7 Cramer knows that sometimes the stock market does weird things. Among the strangest is the unusual connection between Costco and the dollar index, which suggests the stock could be ready to roar. To get a full picture from a technical perspective, Cramer spoke with Larry Williams to figure out what could be in store for Costco's stock. Williams has traded stocks, commodities and futures for over 50 years, written 11 books, created various technical indicators used in the industry and teaches investors about the market on his website IReallyTrade.com. When Williams looked at the charts for Costco, he couldn't help but notice the inter-market relationship with the dollar index. When the dollar is strong, Costco tends to perform well. The dollar index measures the value of the U.S. dollar versus a basket of the next six largest currencies. "If you project this relationship forward given the recent strength in the dollar, Williams thinks that Costco could be on the verge of a significant rally," Cramer said. KeyCorp shares rose almost 6 percent on Tuesday following earnings, with Cramer noting it was the best quarter he saw from any of the regional banks. KeyCorp is the parent of KeyBank, which has approximately 1,000 locations across the Western and Eastern U.S. Not only were earnings strong for the quarter, but management provided a bullish update on the company's recent acquisition of First Niagara. The strength of KeyCorp also gave Cramer assurance that when the Federal Reserve finally raises rates, this regional bank will be able to have even higher returns. He spoke with KeyCorp's CEO Beth Mooney, who outlined the two factors that drove the quarter. "I think the strength of the quarter was really driven by two things: first and foremost it was the core performance of KeyCorp on a standalone basis … Within the quarter we did have our successful acquisition and integration of First Niagara, literally one year after we announced the deal, we have now $35 billion more in assets, another 1 million clients and 300 additional branches," Mooney said. In the Lightning Round, Cramer gave his take on a few caller favorite stocks: Bristol-Myers Squibb: "Bristol-Myers, we own a small position for the charitable trust. It is our smallest position, we do believe the stock will go lower. When it yields about 3.5 percent, and it yields 3 right now, maybe we pull the trigger and buy a little more. But not yet, the drug stocks are headed lower." KKR & Co: "No, the dividend is not secure because it's now meant to fluctuate with the assets that they want to sell. And frankly, that is not an optimal situation for me. I would not make a big bet right here on KKR, because we don't know what they are up to." Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change USD INDEX --- DD --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
null
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan iPhone sales beat expectations for Q4, Apple reports While iPhone sales were down from last year, Apple nevertheless posted better-than-expected earnings. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | October 25, 2016 -- 20:48 GMT (13:48 PDT) | Topic: Apple Apple reported fourth quarter results on Tuesday, posting better-than-expected iPhone sales, and slightly beating earnings and revenue expectations. The company also gave a stronger-than-expected outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Cupertino technology giant posted earnings of $1.67 a share on revenue of $46.9 billion. Wall Street was expecting earnings per share of $1.65 on revenue of $46.89 billion. The company sold 45.5 million iPhones -- down 5 percent year-over-year but still beating expectations of 45 million in sales for the quarter. This was the first quarter to reflect sales of the new iPhone 7 (though it included only the first two weeks of sales). On a conference call Tuesday, CEO Tim Cook said with respect to the smartphones, "From a worldwide point of view, the truth is demand is outstripping supply... particularly on the iPhone 7-plus." Over the same period last year, Apple earned $1.96 a share on revenue of $51.5 billion and sold 48 million iPhones. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," Cook said in a statement. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record." Services revenue reached $6.3 billion -- it was the only segment to show year-over-year revenue growth. Sales of iPads nearly hit 9.3 million, which was down 6 percent from the previous year but slightly above expectations. Sales of Macs were at nearly 4.9 million, down 14 percent year-over-year and slightly below expectations. As for various operating segments, revenue in the Americas fell 7 percent annually, while Europe revenue rose 3 percent and Japan rose 10 percent. Revenue from Greater China fell 30 percent. However, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said he expects performance in greater China to improve on a quarter-to-quarter basis because of the iPhone 7 and 7-plus. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the company is projecting revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion. Wall Street has projected an EPS of $3.17 for Q1 2017 on revenue of $74.65 billion. More Tech Earnings Nvidia crushes Q3 earnings, shares soar Symantec reports solid Q2, Cornerstone, Arista, Hortonworks also report Twilio tops Q3 earnings targets, losses widen Fitbit shares tumble on mixed Q3 results, grim holiday season outlook Facebook handily tops Q3 earnings targets, active users up 17 percent Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Alibaba Cloud Q2 revenue up 130 percent as it adds customers, pares losses Tableau misses Q3 revenue expectations Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Apple Pay now supports donations to select nonprofits Developer Microsoft to deliver Visual Studio for Mac Apple If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Innovation Rocky road ahead for China and Trump-led US × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Di., 15. Nov 2016, 01:52 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 7 Stunden 8 Minuten Apple CEO Tim Cook got testy after an analyst asked him if Apple had a 'grand strategy'Von Kif Leswing | Business Insider – Mi., 26. Okt 2016 00:46 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken Firmen: Apple Inc. AKTUELLER KURS Symbol Kurs Veränderung AAPL 105,71 -2,72 Apple may have hit its targets in its fiscal fourth quarter, but investors are clearly not dazzled by the shrinking shipments across all of the company's key product lines. Shares of Apple fell by about 3% in after-hours trading on Tuesday. And CEO Tim Cook struggled to convince Wall Street that the company was poised for a new growth spurt. But the moment that best defined the company's predicament came during the conference call on Tuesday, when Cook fielded a remarkable question from an analyst and reacted in what can best be described as a defensive manner. Steven Milunovich of UBS Securities started by pointing out that Apple hadn't released a major new product in a while, then asking: "The question is, A, does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do? I know you won't tell us what it us, but do you know what you want to do over the next three to maybe five years?" Cook responded by saying, "We have the strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about the things in it, but as usual we're not going to talk about what's in it." The "strongest pipeline" phrase was standard Apple boilerplate language for these kinds of questions. But it was hard to miss a sense of annoyance in Cook's voice, especially when he didn't follow with any other comments, if even just some more platitudes about Apple's focus on innovation. Then something really interesting happened. The unthinkable question Milunovich followed up by pressing on whether Apple had a "stong sense of where technology is going" or simply reacted to changes to the market. "We have a strong sense of where things go and we're very agile to shift as we need to," Cook said tersely. It was a striking sign of how much Apple's reputation has changed from even just a few years ago, as the company has experienced three quarters of declining revenue and struggled to unveil a new, game-changing gadget. Apple was the undisputed leader of the tech industry during the Steve Jobs era. It would have been unthinkable for a Wall Street analyst to have the temerity to ask whether the company had a grand strategy. Apple is the maker of the iPhone. The company does not react to others; it sets the agenda. But these days the Wall Street analysts like those who asked questions on Apple's call on Tuesday aren't taking anything for granted. As a group, they pressed the company's leadership for more information on the direction of the company — like the long-rumored Apple Car — or details about its financial operations.       The clearest takeaway from Apple earnings call: No one takes Apple's word for anything anymore. On India potential, next growth drivers etc — Shira Ovide (@ShiraOvide) October 25, 2016     NOW WATCH: Countries around the world are pouring billions of dollars into France's revolutionary nuclear fusion reactor More From Business Insider TIM COOK: Here's why assistants on phones are better than home speakers like the Echo Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 APPLE EARNINGS: What's expected from Apple tonight TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News EU nimmt Gesundheits-Apps ins VisierHandelsblatt Wachstumsbremse Trump, Fed betont UnabhängigkeitHandelsblatt Anzeige  Lufthansa und ihre Piloten kommen nicht zusammendpa China will Stahlproduktion verringerndpa Banker: Frankfurt sollte vom Brexit profitierendpa Personal finance Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Anzeige  Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Zehn Punkte, die Sie 2016 unbedingt noch abarbeiten solltenYahoo Finanzen "Düsseldorfer Tabelle": Trennungskinder bekommen mehr Unterhaltszahlungendpa Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple reveals slowing of iPhone sales as smartphone market approaches saturation By Press Association Published: 04:50 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 04:50 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail iPhone sales continue to slow as Apple's latest financial results revealed a 5% drop in sales when compared to the same quarter of 2015. The technology giant warned of such a slide in its financial forecasts earlier this year as the smartphone market begins to reach saturation - with most consumers now owning a viable device and upgrading less frequently. Apple reported total iPhone sales for the three months to September 24 of more than 45.5 million units - up around five million on the last quarter - but still down on the same period last year. The firm's total revenue for the quarter was 46.9 billion dollars (£38.4bn), down 9% on the same period last year. iPhone sales are continuing to slow down However, chief executive Tim Cook chose to focus on the success of Apple's services business - Apple Pay and the company's internet-based products - which grew more than 20% on last year. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," he said. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24% to set another all-time record." iPad sales also continue to fall, dropping from 9.9 million in the last quarter to 9.3 million in the last three months. The tech giant's net income for the quarter was nine billion dollars (£7.3 billion), and sales of Mac computers rose by 15% on the last quarter, to 4.9 million units sold. The next generation of Macs are due to be unveiled at a media event at the company's Cupertino headquarters on Thursday, with a new MacBook Pro expected to lead the announcements. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All WA News National Environment Health Education Photo Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News & Views World  October 26 2016 Save Print Apple posts its first revenue decline in 15 years as iPhone sales fall Jeffrey Dastin and Anya George Tharakan Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Apple's annual revenue has fallen for the first time since 2001, reflecting the slowdown in iPhone demand in a saturating smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. The tech giant's shares declined 2.6 per cent in after-hours trading on Tuesday after the world's most valuable company reported its third quarter in a row of declining iPhone sales -- even though it beat Wall Street targets for its flagship product and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday shopping season. As iPhone demand is flagging, Apple executives pin their hopes on the new iPhone 7 to revive sales. Photo: AP And Apple executives said demand for the new iPhone 7, the company's best hope to revive flagging sales, was strong, despite fiscal fourth-quarter revenue dips in China and the Americas, its two most important markets. In a statement, Apple chief executive Tim Cook also tried to focus attention on growth in Apple's services arm, which includes iTunes and the App Store. Related Content Samsung phone 'super bosses' fret lost bonuses, jobs The world's 100 most valuable brands "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our services business, where revenue grew 24 per cent to set another all-time record," he said. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was "impossible to know" if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. Advertisement Not a great quarter Apple said it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the three months ended September 24, compared with 48 million in the same period last year, a drop of 5 per cent. The figure still beat the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Quarterly revenue fell 9 per cent to $US46.85 billion ($61.25 billion), a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The latest decline meant the company's sales were down 7.7 per cent to $US215.6 billion for the year. "Apple didn't have a great (fourth quarter) as iPhones, Macs, China, the US and what appears to be Watch were down," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth engine, fell almost 30 per cent in the quarter, after dropping 33 per cent in the preceding period. Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. Apple also forecast gross profit margins - a key measure of profitability - slightly behind Wall Street targets, projecting 38 per cent to 38.5 per cent, versus expectation of closer to 39 per cent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. "I think people were a bit surprised that they were so conservative there," said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. The company's fourth-quarter net income fell to $US9 billion, or $US1.67 per share from $US11.1 billion, or $US1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average analyst estimate of $US1.66 per share. Fortunes tied to iPhone The stock hit a 12-month low of $US89.47 in May but has been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Apple forecast revenue of between $US76 billion and $US78 billion for the current quarter. Analysts, on average, had expected $US75.08 billion. The company is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri told Reuters. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is growing nonetheless, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple's newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. Apple's fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. And no other Apple products saw sales growth from the same time last year. Revenue for the iPad unit was flat, while Mac revenue was down 17 per cent. Revenue for "other products" - which include the Apple Watch and Apple TV - was down 22 per cent. Analysts, on average, expect the company to sell 75.8 million iPhones in the current quarter, according to FactSet. Apple launched its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models two weeks before the end of the quarter. Unusually, though, it did not release first-weekend sales figures, saying this data had become more of a reflection of supply than demand. The fourth-quarter figures also include sales of the 6S and 6S Plus models as well as the smaller and cheaper iPhone SE. Apple should have benefited from an extra week of sales in the latest quarter compared with last year. Reuters with The Washington Post Related Content Apple's iPhone 7: impressions of an Android user What's next for Apple's iPhone? Advertisement 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Proven By Science: Nice Guys Don't ... Contains: External link How To Make The Best Cafe-Style Granola ... Contains: External link Most Popular From $100 to $500 in hours: fan fury over Seinfeld tickets Why it pays to be a man in your 70s in Australia Big data revolution comes at a huge cost Illegal 'cash-in-hand' payments on the rise 8@eight: Is it time to do the opposite of what feels right? Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business From $100 to $500 in hours: fan fury over Seinfeld tickets Iron ore surges, but producers wary 'Piss off!' Harvey's message for short seller Why it pays to be a man in your 70s in Australia Amazon to open small stores, online supermarket in Australia WA Today Perth awaits supermoon phenomenon, here's the best spots to see it rise Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Serial public masturbator terrorising woman at South Fremantle beach Cottesloe man Josh Goudswaard vanishes in Bali with Tinder date Cow vanishes after ocean swim and rampage run through Fremantle The Sydney Morning Herald Sydney crime figure Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Earlwood street Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Salim Mehajer arrested in Ibiza after incident with taxi driver Trump backer says US refugee swap deal is 'dead on arrival' Sorry, but I'm with Steve Price on this one The Age Crime by postcode: How safe is your suburb? Sorry, but I'm with Steve Price on this one Dramatic police chase ends on top of West Gate Bridge 'Scarred' stepson reveals lingering pain of stepmother's seduction I hate this new life: Kerri-Anne opens up on husband's recovery Brisbane Times Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Shipping containers knocked over 'like a giant game of Jenga' 97.3 Breakfast team reshuffle, co-host Robin Bailey leaving the show UFC 205: Where to now for Conor McGregor? Trump backer says US refugee swap deal is 'dead on arrival' Canberra Times Not even close: Human Services' workplace offer smashed Motorcyclist attack at busy Canberra intersection caught on dash cam Man tried to recoup cost of ex-fiancee's engagement ring Woman thrown more than 80 metres after stolen car hit her at 152km/h How can I be silent? How Stasia saw Garema Place transform WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:53pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Entertainment Spy Celebrity Reviews Video TV Movies Music Games Culture What's on Sideswipe Puzzles Horoscope Apple and Moses Martin don't fall far from Chris Martin's tree 12:00 PM Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Celebrity Music Apple Martin performs with her dad, Chris Martin. Photo / ColdplayDaily YouTube Apple Martin has showed she has inherited a healthy dose of musical talent from her dad, Coldplay frontman Chris Martin. Apple, 12, and her brother Moses, 10, took to the stage in Malibu for a fundraiser showing they both are very musically talented. Apple took on Ariana Grande's song Just a Little Bit of Your Heart, while Moses sang House of Gold by Twenty One Pilots. More from Spy: • Orange is the New Black star admits 'alcohol problem' • Rihanna's plea for help over missing dancer Martin was on hand as well to accompany his children on guitar and piano when needed. Apple and Moses are Martin's children from his marriage to Gwyneth Paltrow. While Paltrow is an Academy Award-winning actress, she has also showed off her own musical talent in films such as Duets, which saw her release the song Cruisin' alongside Huey Lewis. Continued below. Related Content Kimbra joins Rhythm and Vines headliners Orange is the New Black star Taryn Manning admits 'alcohol problem' Australian man Shaun Anthony Haywood charged over stabbing of Miranda Kerr's security guard Paltrow is currently dating Glee creator Brad Falchuk. Martin did date Jennifer Lawrence for a few months but doesn't appear to be in a serious relationship. A photo posted by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on Apr 2, 2016 at 2:38pm PDT Paltrow and Martin remain friends after they decided to "consciously uncouple." - news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading NZH Focus: 832 aftershocks and counting... There’s been another night of aftershocks rattling nerves NZH Focus: Weather concerns for New Zealand EP. Last chance to see supermoon EP. watchme.co.nz » Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Roger Moroney: The seasons of fire and rain This week's literary lecture is titled 'Fire and Rain'...which I suppose is quite fitting… Hawke's Bay Today First chick hatches at Cape Kidnappers The first chick of the Bay's great gannet colony has hatched, albeit a few weeks early… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… Bite 13 herbs and spices chicken   For the herbs and spices: Heat oil in a heavy-based frying pan, add oregano… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 15 Nov 2016 13:53:07 Processing Time: 546ms
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Accessories/Gallery Accessories Powerbeats3 headphones with Apple W1 chip now available By Todd Haselton | October 25, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple’s brand new Powerbeats3 headphones, sold under the Beats brand, are now officially available. The headphones were announced during Apple’s iPhone 7 event when the company noted that they pack the same new W1 chip used in Apple AirPods. The Powerbeats3 offer several functions worth highlighting. First, you only need to charge the headphones for five minutes in order to get an hour of playback. That’s perfect if you have a dead set of headphones but want to squeeze a workout in – just hit the charger for a few minutes. Powerbeats3 features Apple’s new W1 processor The Powerbeats3’s W1 processor promises to manage power efficiently, offering up to 12 hours of battery life once you’ve fully charged the headsets. RemoteTalk controls allow you to manage the volume, switch tracks, answer calls and use Siri, too. Also, thanks to the latest Bluetooth technology, you don’t need to mess around with Bluetooth settings to get up and running. Apple says you only need to power the headset on and hold it near your iPhone to pair. That function also works with Macs, iPads and the Apple Watch. All of this comes at a cost, of course. The headphones will set you back $199.95. They’re available in Apple Store locations now, or you can order today for delivery between November 1 and November 3. The Powerbeats3 are available in black, red, blue, yellow and white. Source Apple Topics #Apple #Beats #Powerbeats3 Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:42 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple iPhone sales tumble but beat estimates as shares slip Wednesday October 26, 2016 06:58 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Najib: Malaysia keen on stronger ties with US, with or without TPP The Edit: Frida Kahlo painting, unseen for 60 years, surfaces for sale Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple's new iPhone 7 Plus is displayed at the Apple Store at Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district. ― Reuters picSAN FRANCISCIO, Oct 26 ― Apple Inc posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales yesterday, sending shares slipping despite the promise of better-than-expected holiday sales. The world's most valuable publicly traded company said improved sales from China were around the corner, despite revenue falling almost 30 per cent from the country in the fiscal fourth quarter. It said sales so far to India have only scratched the surface. But a slight miss on quarterly revenue and a projection of gross profit margins slightly behind analyst targets reflected broader concerns that Apple may have lost its tech superiority, even with the refreshed iPhone 7. “In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple's products are still seen favorably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was,” Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note. Apple shares fell 2.8 per cent to US$114.99 (RM477.63) in after-hours trading. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in a phone interview with Reuters it was “impossible to know” if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. He also said that Apple was “supply constrained” and selling all the smartphones it could make. “It's clear that Apple is bullish about growth in the iPhone, but there's little evidence of that growth in the actual results announced today,” said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. “Given that the iPhone 7 and especially the iPhone 7 Plus is in short supply, Apple is going to be a little constrained in its ability to take full advantage of the strong demand we're seeing,” he added. Natural pause Apple said it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended September 24. That beat the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount, but it marked a third quarter of year-on-year retreat. Revenue fell 9 per cent to US$46.85 billion, a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Apple also forecast gross profit margins slightly behind Wall Street targets, projecting 38 to 38.5 per cent, versus expectations of closer to 39 per cent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. “I think people were a bit surprised that they were so conservative there,” said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. The stock hit a 12-month low of US$89.47 in May but has marched up since as investor confidence returned. “While we view Apple results positively, we believe shares are taking a natural pause following its strong performance in recent months,” said Edward Jones analyst Bill Kreher. Apple forecast revenue of between US$76 billion and US$78 billion for the current, holiday-dominated quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimate of US$75.08 billion. Hopes for China Apple is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri said. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is still growing, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple's newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. The company's net income fell to US$9.01 billion, or US$1.67 per share in the quarter from US$11.12 billion, or US$1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of US$1.66 per share. Apple's fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. Apple launched its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models two weeks before the end of the quarter. Unusually, though, it did not release first-weekend sales figures, saying this data had become more of a reflection of supply than demand. The fourth-quarter figures also include sales of the 6S and 6S Plus models as well as the smaller and cheaper iPhone SE. Apple should have benefited from an extra week of sales in the latest quarter compared with last year. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump Dollar hits 11-month peak alongside US yields, bank stocks up US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Reuters Video: Reflection ‘healthy’ for Democratic party, says Obama 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Huawei wants to beat Apple in smartphones in two years TAG Heuer invades Apple’s home turf with Silicon Valley office Apple’s new laptop gets more touchy, but not on its screen Apple seeks to reclaim lost PC market share with new Macs Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains By Associated Press Published: 18:21 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 18:21 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After stumbling in 2016, Apple is betting on a better year ahead. The Silicon Valley tech giant is forecasting a return to growth in iPhone sales this winter, after a rare slump that dropped a wet blanket on Apple's revenue and stock performance over the last three quarters. The company is also set to unveil new Mac computers later this week, hoping to boost lagging interest in a set of products that are symbolically significant even if they're less financially important to the company than the iPhone. FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, in San Francisco. Apple reported Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, that it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the previous quarter, 5 percent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company's rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) Apple has been struggling with shrinking demand for its signature products at a time when analysts say it's increasingly difficult for tech companies to come up with dramatically new features. Many consumers are holding onto their old smartphones and PCs for longer, seeing little reason to buy a new model that's only slightly better. One consequence: Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the quarter that ended in September. That was slightly more than the 45 million that Wall Street expected, but still 5 percent fewer than the 48 million iPhones it sold in the same period a year earlier. RENEWED INTEREST IN IPHONES Still, analysts say consumers are showing renewed interest in Apple's latest iPhone models. Based on early sales, Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told The Associated Press, "We feel very good about the momentum of the 7 and 7 Plus." The 7 and 7 Plus models aren't a radical change from the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which were wildly popular when they were introduced two years ago. But analyst Patrick Moorhead said the new phones have enough improvements, including new camera systems, longer battery life and water resistance, to fare better than last year's lackluster 6S and 6S Plus. Apple could also benefit because many iPhone 6 owners may be ready to replace their two-year-old phones. The company only started selling the new iPhone 7 models last month, which means it had less than two weeks of sales in the quarter. But Apple's revenue forecast calls for sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the December quarter. That's higher than the Wall Street estimate, which was just under $75 billion. Apple's forecast also represents a modest increase over the $75.8 billion in sales that Apple reported for the December quarter last year, and it suggests the company expects to beat last year's record of 74.8 million iPhones sold in that period, which is traditionally Apple's biggest quarter for sales. Maestri wouldn't comment on how many iPhones Apple expects to sell in December quarter, but Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster estimated the company's revenue forecast suggests it will sell 78.5 million iPhones. APPLE: STILL IPHONE-DEPENDENT Apple shares closed Tuesday at $118.25, but fell two percent in late trading. The stock had been gaining in recent weeks after wallowing below $100 for much of the spring and summer. Reporting on its fiscal fourth quarter, which ended Sept. 24, Apple said revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion, while profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion profit. Earnings amounted to $1.67 a share, compared with Wall Street estimates of $1.66 a share on revenue of $47 billion. Apple ended its fiscal year with annual sales of $215.6 billion and profit of $45.7 billion. Most companies would be thrilled with those numbers. But some analysts warn Apple relies too heavily on a single product line, the iPhone, which contributed nearly two thirds of Apple's revenue. "Management hasn't diversified the revenue stream," said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis, who noted that Apple faces a host of competitors in a global smartphone market that's seeing slower growth overall. "Counting phones is a horrible way to live and die every quarter." SAMSUNG'S BAD NEWS: GOOD NEWS FOR APPLE Some of Apple's growth in coming months may come at the expense of its biggest rival. South Korea's Samsung was forced this month to recall its entire output of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which it introduced this fall to compete with Apple's newest iPhones. As consumers look for alternatives, analysts say that could boost iPhone unit sales by 5 million or more in the coming year. Apple had its own setbacks this year, though on a lesser scale. While notoriously tight-lipped about future plans, Apple is widely believed to be working on new products in areas like virtual reality and self-driving cars. But the company recently shifted gears on its automotive ambitions, deciding to focus on creating technology for autonomous vehicles, rather than take on the more daunting task of building an entirely new car. According to news reports, the shift led Apple to cut jobs and trim its auto division. OTHER HITS STILL ELUSIVE Another new product, the Apple Watch, has drawn lukewarm consumer interest since it launched in 2015. Apple doesn't break out watch sales figures, but market researchers at IDC estimate the company shipped 1.1 million units in the last quarter. While that's still more than any other smartwatch maker, it's down significantly from IDC's estimate that Apple shipped 3.9 million watches a year earlier. Revenue in Apple's "Other Products" category, which includes the Apple Watch and the iPod music player, fell 22 percent to $2.4 billion in the July-September quarter. Apple recently updated the watch and Maestri said he expects strong sales in coming months. Apple's also hoping to reverse a yearlong decline in sales of its Mac computers — its original product line — by unveiling updated Macbook and desktop iMacs later this week. Apple sold 4.9 million Macs in the three months ending Sept. 24, down 14 percent from a year earlier. As in other recent quarters, Apple continued to show strength in its "Services" business, which includes iTunes, the App Store, Apple Pay and other digital services. Apple said revenue in that category rose 24 percent to $6.3 billion in the quarter. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Beagles and Buddies treated to makeover by Lowes Hero Program Tuesday Oct 25, 2016 at 3:49 PM Oct 25, 2016 at 5:25 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — With paintbrushes in one hand and tools in the other, the Beagles and Buddies Animal Sanctuary was given a special treat with a makeover from the Lowes Hero Program. Tuesday morning proved to be an eventful day as both the Victorville and Apple Valley Lowes worked together to install a variety of equipment, such as new washing machines, sinks, a clothesline and dryers donated by both stores to the shelter. “For Lowes to come out here and do this for us is a huge pick me up for us and it's incredible what they have done so far,” said Beagles and Buddies Executive Director Connie Kramer. “The goal for us here is to help retired and disabled veterans and others who are disabled to give them a place to come socialize while being given the chance to play and interact with our rescued dogs.” Beagles and Buddies are best known for their “No Kill” policy as the shelter specializes in rescuing purebred and mixed beagles, as well as other hounds and small dogs, from pounds, humane societies and off the street. Kramer told the Daily Press she was shopping at Lowes one day and began talking with HR Manager Lisa Castaneda and a conversation regarding the shelter's needs was brought up. “One of the things that really touched us was how Connie and the rest of the volunteers work with disabled vets and other people in need,” said Lowes Victorville Manager Tino Marino. “One thing we especially focused on was redoing and touching up the outside patio where the vets come to sit and play with the dogs.” As more than 15 volunteers from each store lent a helping hand, volunteers from the shelter also took part in the makeover, repainting the furniture on the patio outside the shelter. “I think what’s so special about this project is seeing the partnership of both our stores and the community coming together for a good cause. When Connie approached me about her shelter we were just touched and when we saw the shelter we knew they needed our help,” Castaneda said. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The Galaxy Note 7 fiasco may be bad news for Apple’s new MacBooks Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 troubles are far from over, and there’s one more side-effect the South Korean giant will have to deal with this quarter: a resurgent Apple. According to a report, Samsung's American rival has increased iPhone 7 production in the wake of the Galaxy Note 7 explosions and recalls. DON’T MISS: Report claims iPhone 8 will feature a revolutionary new design that no one saw coming The news comes from Digitimes, and follows a similar report from the same tech site. Digitimes says that Samsung has been increasing its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge orders after the Galaxy Note 7 recall, hoping to minimize the financial hit. Apple, meanwhile, increased smartphone orders for the fourth quarter as well, looking to steal customers away from Samsung. The site says that many memory component suppliers have shifted their capacity for PC memory for smartphones. That means that memory shipments to PC vendors may be delayed, which could impact PC sales during the Christmas quarter. While the Galaxy Note 7 recall appears to be good news for Apple, it may have an adverse effect on a different Apple product that’s coming this quarter, the redesigned MacBook Pro. It’s unclear at this time whether this expected PC memory shortage will affect Apple in any way. The MacBook maker will unveil a new MacBook Pro generation later this week, at which point we’ll find out more details about actual ship dates for the new laptops. Apple never comments on supply rumors, but various reports have painted the company as a tough negotiator in its relationship with component makers that usually gets what it wants. It’s likely that Apple secured the components needed to make next-gen MacBooks well ahead of their official launch. But just in case this report does pan out, we might see some PC shortages in the coming months, all apparently caused by the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. On the other hand, it’s not as the PC business is flourishing right now. Trending right now: The difference between iPhone users and Android users The 10 best paid iPhone apps on sale for free today How to tell if you have a fake iPhone cable or charger See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Oops! Apple accidentally leaks pictures of new MacBook in its own software - and machine has a mini screen and a fingerprint sensor A report suggests Apple is set to dramatically overhaul its MacBook Pro USB-C support and Thunderbolt 3 will replace USB and Megsafe ports The report also claims Apple plans to kill the 11-in MacBook Air altogether Firm expected to debut 13- and 15-in MacBook Pro alongside 13in Macbook By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 18:59 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 19:03 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail 49 shares 64 View comments Macbook owners' long wait for an upgraded machine is almost over - with Apple rumoured to be unveiling three new models at an event this week.  Now, Apple has somewhat spoiled the surprise by leaking a [picture of the new MacBook in its own software. It shows the much rumoured smart screen above the keyboard - which, according to the image, also doubles as a fingerprint sensor. Scroll down for video  The images, spotted by MacRumours in the latest MacOS update, showsthe much rumoured smart screen above the keyboard - which, according to the image, also doubles as a fingerprint sensor. WHAT DO WE KNOW?  KGI says Apple will debut a 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro, alongside a 13inch MacBook. Previous reports say Apple is also eliminating the USB and its Megsafe connector, and replacing them with USB-C support and Thunderbolt 3. The MacBook Pro could also have an OLED touch bar, which replaces the strip of function keys and let users create their own custom keys for each app. Apple's dramatically overhauled MacBook Pro will feature a new 'thinner and lighter' design. MacRumours spotted the images, explaining 'In addition to confirming that such a product is in the works, the images give us our first full look at the redesigned MacBook Pro ahead of its launch.  'An OLED touch panel is located on top of the keyboard, where the function keys would normally be placed, and it very clearly supports Touch ID, as it is seen used with Apple Pay. The firm announced the event in typically mysterious style, with an invite that read 'hello again'. Analysts KGI say the event at Apple's Cupertino HQ on Thursday will see the launch of three new machines -  a new 13 inch MacBook, a new 13 inch MacBook Pro and a new 15 inch MacBook Pro.  KGI published a report on Saturday outlining their predictions for Apple’s Mac roadmap ahead of the media event on October 27th. It also claims that new iMacs and a rumoured new 5K cinema displays won't form part of the announcement, according to 9to5mac. It also doesn't mention the Mac Pro, Apple's tubular design, or its Mac Mini.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The first image of Earth from space: Groundbreaking picture... Has Apple forgotten the iPod? Revolutionary device turns... Mystery of begonia's bizarre BLUE leaves solved: Strange... Is this our best chance to find aliens? Rare line-up of... Share this article Share 49 shares The OLED strip above the keyboard is expected to be called a 'magic toolbar' and will change depending on which app is being used. Russian trademark filings also seem to reveal that Apple is readying the release of three new Macs running macOS Sierra, it said. The products have apparently passed the Russian registration, labelled as ‘portable personal computer models’ with model identifiers A1706, A1707 and A1708.  A previous report suggests the Cupertino company is set to eliminate the traditional USB and Megsafe ports in its next-gen MacBook Pro – and kill the 11-inch MacBook altogether.  The previous claims come from Macotakara, a Japanese publisher, which was one of the first sources to predict the death of the iPhone’s headphone jack. The event will take place at Apple's Cupertino HQ on October 27th, and is expected to see a range of new Macbook machines with a new 'smartkey' screen above the normal keyboard. ‘According to information from a reliable Chinese supplier, Apple is planning to announce the new MacBook Pro within this month and will begin shipping out to retailers in October,’ reads the blog post. ‘There has also been rumors that they are going to cancel MacBook Air of the 11-inch model to focus on the 13-inch ones’. If the report is true, the new machines are expected to use metal injection molded hinges, have USB-C support and Thunderbolt 3. The USB Type-C plug is reversible so users will no longer have to stab blindly at USB ports in order to connect and charge gadgets, because plugs will fit in sockets in either direction.  A new report suggests Apple is set to remove the traditional USB and Megsafe ports in its next-gen MacBook Pro, and replacing them with USB-C support and Thunderbolt 3. Pictured is the MacBook Pro line Apple released in 2015 It is also designed to be used in thinner and sleeker products like tablets and ultrabooks, and is being called ‘the only connector one will need across all devices,’ according to the USB 3.0 Promoter Group. However, this means users would have to charge their device through the USB-C port and connect peripherals through the Thunderbolt 3, reports Steve Dent with Engadget. possible oled touchpad for the function buttons in next macbook, as well as hella USB-C ports pic.twitter.com/MD4oCtIOSU— Sam Sheffer (@samsheffer) June 2, 2016 In the end, users will be forced to purchase their own USB 3.0 adapter.  It is also rumored that the MacBook Pro will have an OLED touch bar that replaces the strip of function keys and let users create their own custom keys for each app. This rumor came from a reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities earlier this year. Macotakara , a Japanese publisher, also reveals Apple is killing off the 11-in MacBook altogether. However, the firm will reveal a 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro at an event planned for some time this month. Pictured are MacBook Pros Apple released in 2015 Kuo says Apple plans to introduce a dramatically overhauled MacBook Pro with a new 'thinner and lighter' design. It is expected to look similar to the slick and minimalist MacBook. APPLE’S PATENT REPLACES KEYBOARD WITH TOUCH SCREEN  A patent filed by Apple earlier this year shows a laptop similar to a MacBook that features a flat touch surface where a keyboard would normally be. The invention, dubbed a 'configurable, force-sensitive input structure for an electronic device,' looks similar to its 'Force Touch' trackpads. These trackpads use haptic technology which senses movement from a user's fingers on the surface. MacBook Pro might have an OLED touch bar that replaces the strip of function keys. A patent filed by Apple this year (pictured) shows a laptop similar to a MacBook that features a flat touch surface where a keyboard would normally be located 'The trackpad features built-in force sensors that allow you to click anywhere and haptic feedback that provides a responsive and uniform feel,' Apple says. A tiny motor then vibrates to give the user feedback on what they are touching. The patent suggests similar technology laptop keyboard, a number pad, or a track pad. It claims 'micro-perforations' in the casing could light up to give the user an outline to where keys are on the flat keyboard. And the position of the haptic keys could also be customized.  The device will also include Touch ID support and a new OLED display touch bar above the keyboard. Kuo's report explains that the MacBook Pro updates are the 'brightest spot for Apple's 2016 rollouts' and was the first to mention 13-inch and 15-inch models.    Read more: Apple may ditch traditional USB ports on the MacBook Pro ¿¿MacBook Pro¿10¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿ | Rumor | Mac¿¿¿¿¿ blog¿¿¿¿¿ Apple plans to launch new Macs at an October 27 event - Recode KGI: Apple to release new 13-inch MacBook plus two MacBook Pros at next week¿s event, new iMac & 5K Display coming next year | 9to5Mac Images of New MacBook Pro With Magic Toolbar Leaked in macOS Sierra 10.12.1 - Mac Rumors Share or comment on this article e-mail 49 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  920 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Technology Stories» Samsung Just Dropped $8B to Take You for a Drive Pence Goes to Court to Protect Emails Hack Exposes 412M Accounts at Adult Sites Your Milk May Soon Come From Cows That Can Text Secrets of Mysterious Silicon Valley Company Revealed Facebook to Users: Sorry About Glitch That Killed You Zuckerberg: Fake News on Facebook Didn't Impact Election This Is the World's Busiest Day for Online Shopping Smartphone at Bedtime? You Are Not Getting Very Sleepy Yahoo Knew About 'State-Sponsored' 2014 Hacks: SEC Filings Mom Facing Ceviche-Related Jail Time Is Overreacting: DA Walgreens Wants Its $140M Back From Theranos Technology / Apple Go to Grid|Next Story Apple Breaks 15-Year Streak of Increasing Sales The company made $18 billion less in 2016 than it did in 2015 By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Oct 25, 2016 5:30 PM CDT 12 comments Comments Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event last month.   (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event last month.   (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) (Newser) – The last time Apple saw its annual sales decline, Friends was still the most-watched show in America. CNN reports Apple's 15-year streak—dating back to the debut of iPod in 2001—officially ended Tuesday when the tech giant announced sales of $216 billion in 2016, an $18 billion drop from 2015. The decline in sales was mostly due to slumping iPhone sales, as well as tougher competition in China, where Apple's sales fell by 30% in 2016. Apple shares dropped 2% after the figures were released Tuesday, according to Forbes. Regardless, Apple CEO Tim Cook says it was a "very successful fiscal 2016." The company believes it will recover next quarter with the help of holiday sales. Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   39% Hilarious 25% Intriguing 3% Depressing 25% Brilliant 4% Scary 4% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 12 comments Next on Newser: Justin Timberlake's Voting Selfie Could Land Him in Jail Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 12 comments EdCoulter Oct 26, 2016 10:45 PM CDT Just remove the headphone jack from the phone, and sales will sky rocket Give_me_a_penny_for_my_thought Oct 26, 2016 2:48 PM CDT Without Jobs it will be interesting to see Apple's ability to keep going as strong... jobs had charisma and innovation that made tech buyers into fanboys always needing the next iWhatever... now the innovation is back to old mistakes of being too exclusive with their own software and tech... Jobs could get away with a lot of it... but when everything else plugs in with micro usb and a headphone jack... and the new phones have neither... at some point people just want things that work together even if not the same brand... i had a few iGadgets but now am android and MSFT again... what really did it for me was the tablets... it iPad originally was innovative and then its limitations became too severe - the surface came out and said... yeah its a tablet but you can still do actual work on it... and it was the first time in a long time that apple found itself playing catch up on the ability... even the most recent iPad commercials are so similar to the surface commercials of a while ago that asked - when can a tablet replace a laptop? (for me it has - love that my "laptop" is as small and versatile as a tablet... with all the computing power of a laptop i would ever need. DarthWD56 Oct 26, 2016 8:46 AM CDT All I know is I ended up returning my iphone 7 and switched back to the 6. Why spend $800 on something that barely changed and took away a useful feature. View all 12 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Trump on 60 Minutes : 'Don't Be Afraid' 1 Trump Faces Backlash Over White House Picks 2 Scientists Discover Giant Antarctic Sea Monster 3 6 Pieces of Advice From Burglars 4 No NFL Game Has Ever Been Decided Quite Like This 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Proposal Restored to Website Man Convicted Of Murdering Girlfriend After Singing ‘I Used to Love Her, But I Had to Kill Her’ WATCH: Snake Falls From Ceiling on Flight in Mexico Michelle Obama for 2020? How Foreign Leaders Are Prepping for the Next President The Simpsons Predicted a Trump Presidency 16 Years Ago The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Family Seeks Damages From White Plains, Cop In Former Marine’s 2011 Shooting... Student From Toms River, N.J. Vanishes From University Of Maryland Panel Convenes In Effort To Fight Sexism, Restore Training At U.S. Merchant... Go to CBS Local Could Light Alleviate Alzheimer's Symptoms? The Most Divisive Word in Britain Polished President Le Pen? Go to Ozy Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Fans are mourning the passing of a true music icon Fans of “Fixer Upper” will love this news, but Chip and Joanna Gaines really... Go to Rare An Olympic Wrestler Won Gold in Rio Because of Her Anxiety, Not in Spite of It Why Soda Is the New Cigarette Why You Still Feel Insecure Even After Getting in Shape Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Apple reveals slowing of iPhone sales Martyn Landi - AAP on October 26, 2016, 9:38 am iPhone sales are continuing to slow as Apple's latest results revealed a 5 per cent drop in sales. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple reveals slowing of iPhone sales - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr iPhone sales are continuing to slow as Apple's latest financial results revealed a 5 per cent drop in sales compared to the same quarter of 2015. The technology giant warned of such a slide in its financial forecasts earlier this year as the smartphone market begins to reach saturation - with most consumers now owning a viable device and upgrading less frequently. Apple reported total iPhone sales for the three months to September 24 of more than 45.5 million units - up around five million on the last quarter - but still down on the same period last year. The firm's total revenue for the quarter was $US46.9 billion dollars ($A60.17 billion), down 9 per cent on the same period last year. However, chief executive Tim Cook chose to focus on the success of Apple's services business - Apple Pay and the company's internet-based products - which grew more than 20 per cent on last year. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," he said. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 per cent to set another all-time record." iPad sales also continue to fall, dropping from 9.9 million in the last quarter to 9.3 million in the last three months. The tech giant's net income for the quarter was $US9 billion dollars, and sales of Mac computers rose by 15 per cent on the last quarter, to 4.9 million units sold. The next generation of Macs are due to be unveiled at a media event at the company's Cupertino headquarters on Thursday, with a new MacBook Pro expected to lead the announcements. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple reveals slowing of iPhone sales - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Salim Mehajer shares happy snap after 'ice-cream arrest'. Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Sydney's south west A man found suffering multiple gunshot wounds in Sydney's south west was reportedly a notorious gangland crime figure. UNCOVERED: You won't believe this retro home video of Bec Hewitt We've got our hands on exclusive footage from Bec's first ever Logies Judge orders Brendan Dassey, of Making a Murderer, to be released A federal judge has ordered Brendan Dassey, who featured in the hit documentary Making a Murderer, to be granted supervised release from prison. Body found in bucket of excavator at Homebush Police are investigating after a body was found in the bucket of an excavator at Homebush. Man who 'wanted child-free life' found guilty in death of toddler left in hot car A US man accused of wanting a child-free life was found guilty of murdering his toddler by leaving him in a sweltering car to die two years ago. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Why Hillary Clinton could still become president Man shot in leg after dashcam captures him trying to flee while cop clings to car Football star floored after fan throws exploding flare onto pitch WATCH: Oh deer! Unlikely intruder's daring escape from shop Mongoose horde invades golf course OUR PICKS Good Samaritan may lose hearing after having ear bitten off in brawl Man stabbed five-year-old girl in 'sexually motivated' attack Superfetation: Medical phenomenon sees Brisbane woman falls pregnant twice in 10 days 'I looked up and at that moment the branch fell' MOST VIEWED WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple CEO Tim Cook got testy after an analyst asked him if Apple had a 'grand strategy' Kif Leswing Oct. 25, 2016, 6:46 PM 111,552 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.REUTERS/Toru Hanai Apple may have hit its targets in its fiscal fourth quarter, but investors are clearly not dazzled by the shrinking shipments across all of the company's key product lines. Shares of Apple fell by about 3% in after-hours trading on Tuesday. And CEO Tim Cook struggled to convince Wall Street that the company was poised for a new growth spurt. But the moment that best defined the company's predicament came during the conference call on Tuesday, when Cook fielded a remarkable question from an analyst and reacted in what can best be described as a defensive manner. Steven Milunovich of UBS Securities started by pointing out that Apple hadn't released a major new product in a while, then asking: "The question is, A, does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do? I know you won't tell us what it us, but do you know what you want to do over the next three to maybe five years?" Cook responded by saying, "We have the strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about the things in it, but as usual we're not going to talk about what's in it." The "strongest pipeline" phrase was standard Apple boilerplate language for these kinds of questions. But it was hard to miss a sense of annoyance in Cook's voice, especially when he didn't follow with any other comments, if even just some more platitudes about Apple's focus on innovation. Then something really interesting happened. The unthinkable question Milunovich followed up by pressing on whether Apple had a "stong sense of where technology is going" or simply reacted to changes to the market. "We have a strong sense of where things go and we're very agile to shift as we need to," Cook said tersely. It was a striking sign of how much Apple's reputation has changed from even just a few years ago, as the company has experienced three quarters of declining revenue and struggled to unveil a new, game-changing gadget. Apple was the undisputed leader of the tech industry during the Steve Jobs era. It would have been unthinkable for a Wall Street analyst to have the temerity to ask whether the company had a grand strategy. Apple is the maker of the iPhone. The company does not react to others; it sets the agenda. But these days the Wall Street analysts like those who asked questions on Apple's call on Tuesday aren't taking anything for granted. As a group, they pressed the company's leadership for more information on the direction of the company — like the long-rumored Apple Car — or details about its financial operations. The clearest takeaway from Apple earnings call: No one takes Apple's word for anything anymore. On India potential, next growth drivers etc — Shira Ovide (@ShiraOvide) October 25, 2016 Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Apple aapl Apple Q4 earnings Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple CEO Tim Cook got testy after an analyst asked him if Apple had a 'grand strategy' Apple CEO Tim Cook got testy after an analyst asked him if Apple had a 'grand strategy' Apple may have hit its targets in its fiscal... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Google Targets Apple’s Margins with First Pixel Phone Google Targets Apple’s Margins with First Pixel Phone Oct 25, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Based on independent analysis, Google stands to haul in about $483 in profit on every 32 GB Pixel XL smartphone, outpacing what Apple makes on its 32 GB iPhone 7. Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Advertisement Google’s new line of Pixel phones has the shape, pricing, and some of the features of Apple Inc.’s iPhone but — critically for investors — they also have Apple-like margins. The Pixel XL smartphone with 32 gigabytes of storage has a total build of materials and manufacturing price of $285.75, according to technology component analysis firm IHS. With a retail price of $769, that means the margins on that particular model are about $483.25 per unit, excluding costs not accounted for by IHS. This exceeds Apple’s profit on the 32 GB iPhone 7 with a smaller display, according to IHS’s analysis. Google’s margins on its first smartphone suggests that the Mountain View, California-based company not only wants Apple’s user base, but its profits, too. The Pixel is the start of a series of new products from Google parent Alphabet Inc., according to Rick Osterloh, the senior vice president in charge of hardware. The margins suggest that “Google is getting the same pricing for the same components as other tier one manufacturers of phones,” said Andrew Rassweiler, senior director of cost benchmarking for IHS Markit. “They have as much pull as any of the big guys.” Popular Now Tesla’s Future in Trump’s World The Changing Face of Direct Materials 3-D Printing's Next Frontier? A New Process Takes Shape with the Help of BMW, Delphi, Ford This may not be a safe assumption, because Apple can order components in massive quantities, securing the lowest prices. Google can’t make the same volume promises to suppliers, but the company’s new hardware executives say they’re aiming to accumulate such supply chain heft in the future. Jason Bremner, vice president of product management at Google, said last month that if suppliers know you’re going to be around for years and ordering lots of components, they’re more willing to work on new designs suited to your needs. One of the key features of the Pixel XL is its camera system, a single sensor module that takes 12 megapixel photos with the back camera and 8 megapixel shots with the front sensor. IHS estimates a total camera component cost in the Pixel XL of $17.50, which is less than the estimate of $19 for the iPhone 7’s camera system, which has similar capabilities. The priciest component inside of the Pixel XL is its 5.5-inch AMOLED QHD display by Samsung Electronics Co., coming in at $58 per unit, according to the IHS analysis. At $50 per unit is Qualcomm Inc.’s Snapdragon system-on-a-chip, the brains of the device. Like Apple, Google has tapped NXP Inc. for the phone’s near-field-communication payments chip and Samsung for storage. “All these different companies, not just Apple and Samsung, can make good hardware choices as hardware components have become commoditized,” Rassweiler said. “The difference here is Google looking to integrate its hardware and software which Apple has specialized in for years.” Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning Google’s internal development costs as well as the price to build the features on top of the Android operating system aren’t reflected in the cost analysis. Similar to Apple’s relationship with Foxconn, HTC Corp. is the final assembler of the Pixel phone. While HTC has experience building its own phones, Google executives said they were responsible for the Pixel’s supply chain, design, and engineering. “I’d say it is likely that Google is very involved in the design of this; HTC in this case is really a provider just the way as Foxconn is to Apple,” Rassweiler said. By Mark Gurman Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Apple iPhone 7 Gives TSMC a Profit Boost Apple, Google Locked in Battle for Tech Supremacy FINANCIAL ROUNDUP: Michelin’s Cost-Cut Plan Helps Push First-Half Profit US FINANCIAL ROUNDUP: Apple iPhone Sales, Profits Drop Behind the Pixel: Google’s First Real Threat to the IPhone THE LATEST Scandal Could Be the Unmaking of India's Bedsheet Industry Crash Sensors Are 'Most Wanted' Auto Safety Technology GE Deepens Silicon Valley Push With $915 Million Cloud Purchase Toyota Settles Rust Dispute for $3.4 Billion US Machine Tool Orders Rose 56% in September Top 10 Workplace Law Developments To Expect from the Trump Presidency More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Tesla’s Future in Trump’s World Transitioning to a Trump Administration: What It Could Mean for the Department of Labor and OSHA Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change 10 IoT Predictions for 2017 Next Generation Lean Strategy IW Webinars Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Supply Chain Optimization: What Leading Manufacturers Are Doing Differently Juran Certified Performance Excellence Master Series -- Session 4: Leading a Quality Culture to Engage Employees View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Recruiting and retaining female IT talent: 8 concrete steps Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac News Apple sales, profits fall again but a brighter outlook ahead The company saw lower sales of its most important products, but a turnaround could be coming More like this Apple reports second straight quarter of iPhone sales decline UPDATED: Apple expected to confirm tough Q3 in fiscal call Samsung's smartphone share hit by Note7 debacle, stiff competition on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Apple's headquarters in Cupertino, California, on April 25, 2011. Credit: Mario Sánchez Prada Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Martyn Williams Follow IDG News Service | Oct 25, 2016 2:55 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac IT Industry Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Apple Comments Apple recorded its third consecutive quarter of lower revenue as it fought lower demand for the iPhone and tough competition from lower-priced competitors. Revenue in the quarter, between July and September, was $46.9 billion, down 9 percent on the same period last year and exactly in line with analyst estimates. Net income came in at $9 billion, down 19 percent, the company said Tuesday. Apple CEO Tim Cook called the results "strong" and said he was "thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business." But amid the falling sales and profits, there were signs of a turnaround on the horizon. Apple said the current quarter, which includes the key year-end sales period, will be better than analysts had been predicting. It expects revenue to be between $76 billion and $78 billion. If that comes true, it would also represent an increase in revenue on a year-over-year basis, returning the company back to positive growth. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones between July and September, down from the 48 million phones sold during the same period in 2015 and slightly ahead of analyst estimates of 45 million units. Revenue from iPhone sales fell 13 percent. The quarter included the first two weeks of iPhone 7 sales. After rising for years, iPhone sales began dropping at the beginning of 2016. The phone remains the most popular among consumers, but its share of the market is slowly eroding as smartphone penetration gets higher, customers delay replacing their phones, and a new breed of lower-cost competitors hit the market. That's especially true in China, where Apple saw massive sales growth last year but has experienced big drops this year. That happened again in the most recent quarter with sales in greater China at $8.8 billion, down 30 percent on the same period last year. Apple reported a 7 percent year-on-year revenue drop in the Americas while revenue from Europe and Japan rose 3 percent and 10 percent respectively. RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac IT Industry Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Apple Martyn Williams — Senior U.S. Correspondent Martyn Williams covers Silicon Valley and general technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN White Paper Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... 3 things GrubHub's CEO should've considered before sending anti-Trump email Watch what you write in an email. First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival December 6 Pandora Premium will take on upstart rivals Spotify and Apple Music with the $10-a-month, on-demand music subscription it could never offer before. Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival December 6 0 Share: Digital Media by Joan E. Solsman October 25, 2016 2:32 PM PDT @joan_e Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Pandora will unveil its answer to Spotify and Apple Music later this year, rolling out a paid, on-demand service after more than a decade of digital radio that crimped skips and song choice. The new service will be presented on December 6 at an event in New York and will roll out to consumers in the first three months of next year, the company said Tuesday. Last month, the veteran digital radio company revamped its $5-a-month subscription into Pandora Plus, stripping out commercials and letting members listen offline. It also began letting all listeners -- even if they're listening free with ads -- skip more songs and replay tracks. But the main event for Pandora has always been a planned launch of a fully on-demand service that competes with the likes of Spotify and Apple Music. Pandora Premium is a cornerstone of what Pandora hopes will be the company's rebirth. For more than a decade, Pandora's digital radio offered little control over what songs listeners heard. While Pandora battled the recording industry and rigid license rules, Spotify and Apple Music secured more modern deals that allowed listeners to hear whatever they wanted. The upstart on-demand services have grown at a breakneck pace, and Pandora began to stagnate. Spotify this year eclipsed Pandora in total listeners. Tuesday, Pandora CEO Tim Westergren said Premium would be a full, interactive, on-demand service that will have all the features of Pandora Plus, as well as the ability to search for and play songs and to build playlists. It will have other features that the company will unveil at the launch of the service in New York in December. While speaking at a presentation to analysts on Tuesday, Westergren predicted that Pandora would hit 11.3 million subscribers in 2020. Spotify and Apple Music, which are both widely available internationally, have 40 million and 17 million subscribers, respectively. Pandora operates only in the US, Australia and New Zealand. Chief Product Officer Chris Philips said that Pandora Plus, the $5-a-month option launched last month, has in two weeks racked up 250,000 conversions -- people who used to be free listeners but are now paying. That's a run-rate for 6.5 million members annually, but the momentum of memberships can ebb and flow. Tags Digital Media Pandora Related Stories Roc Nation clashes with Prince estate over streaming rights 'The Martian' test: Is VR for more than just gamers? Google Play Music revamp taps into your life to suggest songs Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK, with Echo as its secret weapon Close   Discuss: Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's annual profits fall for the first time in 15 years as iPhone sales dip for third quarter in a row Sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period  Expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at Samsung By Reuters and Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:36 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 08:37 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail 18 shares 66 View comments Apple's profits tumbled 19% to $9 billion as it revealed its third quarter of falling iPhone sales in a row. The firm also said revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month.  However, it sold more iPhones than Wall Street had expected in the latest quarter, and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday-shopping season. Scroll down for video  Apple's profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion, and revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. AN APPLE CHRISTMAS?  Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines.  Analysts say that's a good indicator for 2017.  The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple's biggest.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period. Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  It also revealed a cash pile of $238bn, more than 90% of which is held outside the US. 'Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,' said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Forget aliens on Mars, Rosetta images reveal the Millennium... Is a genetically engineered virus the answer to alcoholism?... AT&T to launch online TV service: DirecTV Now will cost $35... Will the first astronauts travelling to Mars suffer from... Share this article Share 18 shares APPLE'S SHARE PRICE AFTER PROFITS TUMBLE  Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.'  Cook also hinted at the firm's next launch, expected to be new MacBook computers. 'We're in the middle of a very season, and on Thursday we have another event here on the Apple campus,' he said, while Apple's CFO promised 'some exciting news for current and future Mac owners very soon.'  Cook also said the firm had new products coming soon. 'We have the strongest pipeline we've ever had.' When asked about the firm's plans for a car, Cook replied:  'I can't speak about rumors but you know we look for ways we can improve the experience on different sets of products. 'We're always looking at new things and the car space is an area where it's clear there are a lot of technologies that will become available... or will be able to revolutionize the car experience.  Apple is also rolling out new designs for its stores, such as this one on London's Regent Street. 'It's interesting, but nothing to announce today.' He also said TV was still 'of intense interest' to the firm, and addressed rumours Apple was building a smart speaker. 'Most people would like an assistant with them all the time,' he said. 'That doesn't say that there's not a nice market for a home assistant - but on balance the useage of one on the phone will be much greater. 'We've been getting 2 billion requests a week on Siri, and we have shipped more assistant enabled devices than anyone out there. He also said it was false that people had to give up privacy for AI assistants. 'We don't buy that, I don't think we should throw privacy away.  'It shouldn't be making a choice.' Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company is also expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, which halted production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphone earlier this month.  Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth engine, fell 29.8 percent in the quarter, after dropping 33 percent in the preceding period.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. APPLE SALES IN  NUMBERS  iPhone – 45.51 million iPad – 9.28 million Mac – 4.89 million Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. 'We are still very bullish on China,' Cook said.  'I think we continue to have a really good opportunity there.'  Apple's shares were down 2.1 percent at $115.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. The shares hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May but have been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Revenue in the latest quarter fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, the third straight decline. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Analysts had expected revenue of $46.94 billion in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.  'We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter,' said Luca Maestri, Apple's CFO. ' We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return programme.'   Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  812 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:18 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings</p> <p>Jim Cramer provided his take on Apple earnings following a quarter that was widely viewed as disappointing.</p> Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 11:09 Nitpickers were out in full force after Apple reported earnings on Tuesday, which left Jim Cramer perplexed as to why Wall Street is ignoring the company's service revenue stream. "To me, once again, the exceedingly profitable revenue stream is the one to watch, and it is still being relatively ignored, despite its 24 percent growth to $6.3 billion, and despite the naysayers' comments," the "Mad Money" host said. After reviewing the quarter, Cramer gave his usual mantra to own Apple, don't trade it. Apple's stock jumped far in advance of earnings, partially because of Samsung's issue with the Galaxy Note 7 phone that left room for Apple to take share in the industry. While Apple's revenue came in line with estimates and earnings beat analyst expectations with better than expected iPhone sales, it was the third straight quarter with a year-over-year decline in revenue. Last year, comparable sales were $51.5 billion, versus $46.9 billion this quarter. Shares fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading in response. Apple's stock still juicy? Mark Neuling | CNBC Apple iPhone 7 Outside of Apple and Samsung, Cramer saw many more examples of companies excelling versus the competition because they are doing so well with the hand they have been dealt. Procter and Gamble became a house of brands that at one point seemed stalled to Cramer. Some investors considered the stock nothing more than a bond market equivalent with a 3 percent yield. That all changed on Tuesday when Procter & Gamble blew away the numbers, posting 3 percent organic growth. Cramer considered that impressive considering the size of the company. United Technologies boosted its earnings guidance after reporting a terrific quarter. Yet, in contrast, General Electric brought its forecast down. "I think a case can be made that United Technologies is simply out-executing GE in more than just aerospace," Cramer said. It all came down to execution for Cramer, especially in a busy earnings season that is notorious for turmoil. For those investors who do their own stock picking, Cramer reminded them to remember the effect of strong management, and to avoid battleground stocks, like Under Armour in the sports apparel space. "At least until the smoke clears and the stocks have fallen so far that I will tell you when the time is right to pounce," Cramer said. Correction: This story has been updated to show that Apple reported revenue of $46.9 billion. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change UTX --- AAPL --- UA --- GE --- PG --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Apple Beats Guidance with Q4 Earnings, Guides Q4 Above Consensus Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Oct 25th, 2016 5:02 PM EST | News Apple reported fiscal fourth quarter revenues of US$46.9 billion with earnings of $9 billion on Tuesday. Earnings per share were $1.67. Those results are down year over year from revenues of $51.5 billion, earnings of $11.1 billion, and EPS of $1.96. Gross margins were 38%, down year-over-year from 39.9%. While down year-over-year, Apple beat consensus EPS estimates by $0.01, and revenues were in line with estimates. More importantly to Wall Street, Apple also guided higher than consensus for the December quarter. Guidance Apple provided guidance for the December quarter of revenues between $76 and $78 billion, with gross margins between 38% and 38.5%. Wall Street had estimated revenues of $75.33 billion, with gross margin estimates at 39%. Apple reported iPhone unit sales of 45.5 million, compared to estimates of 45.2 million. Apple sold 48 million iPhones in the year-ago quarter. Mac sales of 4.9 million units missed estimates of 5.2 million. iPad sales of 9.3 million units matched estimates. There were two other bright spots in Tuesday’s announcement. The first is that Apple generated $16.1 billion in cash flow, a September quarter record. The second is that Apple’s Services business grew 24 percent for another all-time record. Reaction So far in the after hours market, trading is muted, meaning that Apple’s mixed results were close enough to what investors were expecting. As of this writing, shares of $AAPL are trading at $115.90, down $2.35 (-1.99%). Shares ended the regular trading session at $118.25, a gain of $0.60 (+0.51%), on heavy volume of 43.7 million shares trading hands. Fluff Quotes “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” “We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter,” CFO Luca Maestri said. “We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program.” *In the interest of full disclosure, the author holds a tiny, almost insignificant share in AAPL stock that was not an influence in the creation of this article. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: AAPL Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5611 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1477414963 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → macOS Sierra 10.12.1 Leaks New MacBook Pro Images Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 25th, 2016 5:51 PM EST | News Apple seems to have tipped its hand and accidentally revealed the upcoming Retina MacBook Pro in Monday’s macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update. Photos showing the soon to be announced MacBook Pro with a touch sensitive OLED function strip were buried in the macOS update, which is about a close to a pre-event confirmation Apple will get. macOS Sierra 10.12.1 hints at new MacBook Pro with Magic Toolbar While the images aren’t a 100% guarantee of what Apple will announce come Thursday, they’re a pretty good indication of what to expect. Based on what we’re seeing now, the new MacBook Pro will include the touch sensitive Magic Toolbar that dynamically changes based on which app you’re currently using. The new model will apparently include Touch ID support for Apple Pay, too, with a fingerprint sensor built into the Magic Toolbar strip. It looks like the new model will adopt the MacBook’s keyboard mechanism. The keyboard has been polarizing with some users loving it and others wishing it would die in a fire. The most concerning part of the keyboard and Magic Toolbar image is the lack of an Escape key. That seems like a pretty critical key to drop, so hopefully it’ll be an always-available option on the Magic Toolbar. It looks like the new models will have a thinner laptop bezel and slightly narrower body. Since the images are top down, the laptop sides with ports aren’t visible. Reports claim the new MacBook Pro will do away with the traditional USB and Thunderbolt 2 ports in favor of combination USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 ports. Apple is also expected to ditch the popular MagSafe 2 charging port, HDMI port, headphone jack, and SD card slot. Apple’s “hello again” media event is scheduled for 10AM pacific time on Thursday, October 27. Be sure to check in with The Mac Observer for our product announcement coverage and analysis. [Thanks to Mac Rumors for the heads up] Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: MacBook Pro, macOS Sierra, Magic Toolbar, update 2 Comments Add a comment Rick Allen October 25, 2016 My hope is that they don’t ditch the 3.5 mm headphone jack. I use my KRK studio headphones all the time with my MacBook pro. October 25, 2016 at 9:40 EST PM Lee Dronick October 25, 2016 I agree Rick. This isn’t like the iPhone where they need/want the space taken up by the 3.5 port. October 25, 2016 at 10:19 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5613 Jeff Gamet news 2 1477417908 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:53 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 7 mins Apple spins services with iPhone sales slumpingBy Sophie Estienne, with Rob Lever in Washington | AFP – Tue, Oct 25, 2016 11:07 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on the company's efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. The company said Tuesday that profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending September 24. Revenue fell nine percent to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September, and was likely to benefit from the woes of rival Samsung, suffering from a massive recall of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments, Apple TV and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. The world's largest company by market value closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. Apple shares fell 2.7 percent in after-hours trade following the release. "Previously, Apple was able to rely on strong sales of phones, tablets and computers to drive up revenue and profit across all geographies. This is no longer the case," said Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino. Still, Saunders noted that "Apple is being judged by its own incredibly high standards," and that "even with the dips in growth it remains a phenomenally successful business that is far from running out of steam." - More than device maker - Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a device maker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," Gillett said. Apple's results showed a six percent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 percent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 percent from a year to $8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 percent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. On a call with analysts, Cook declined to comment on what Apple has in the pipeline but did indicate the company was investing in "products in the development phase which have not yet reached the market." Asked to explain the sharp rise in research and development spending, Cook said, "We're confidently investing in the future." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7567 +0.0011 +0.15% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6049 +0.0005 +0.08% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7025 -0.0006 -0.09% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple accidentally leaks MacBook Pro with OLED toolbar, Touch ID The leak, found in a recent update to macOS Sierra, comes ahead of Apple's media event on Thursday, when it's expected to announce new MacBook Pros. It's about time for an update to the Mac line. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | October 25, 2016 -- 21:20 GMT (14:20 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Apple accidentally leaks its new MacBook Pro, believed to bring Apple Pay support. (Screenshot: MacRumors) Apple leaked images of its new MacBook Pro with an OLED touch panel on Monday, in an update to macOS Sierra 10.12.1, ahead of the laptop's expected announcement later this week. The images show a redesigned MacBook Pro with an OLED touch panel on top of the keyboard, where the function keys would normally be placed. Rumors have indicated the change for months. MacRumors first noticed the images. It found them in Apple Pay files within the Sierra update. As you'll notice in the top right, it looks like Apple has included Touch ID to bring Apple Pay support. MacBook Pro keeps with its roots, while adding new features. (Screenshot: MacRumors) The rest of the MacBook Pro, at least gleaned from these images, looks very similar to past models. It's not clear what specifications or other new features will be included. Apple is also expected to announce a 13-inch MacBook Pro and MacBook. The MacBook Pro is likely to carry a Retina display and quicker version of Intel's Skylake processor. While not expected to ship until next year, it's not clear if Apple will announce the iMac and external display at the event or keep the event MacBook-only. Apple's "Hello Again" event is scheduled to start at 10 am PT/1 pm ET on Oct. 27 and will be live-streamed by Apple. ZDNet will bring you the latest. See also Apple revamps MacBook Pro with Touch Bar: So long function keys, hello in-app context Unified TV app aims make Apple TV your new set-top box across the small screen In pictures: Apple's new MacBook Pro and more revealed Apple's Mac future resides in the cloud MacBook Airs and Microsoft Surface haven't stopped the PC slide Future MacBooks may have e-ink keyboards CNET Exclusive: Does the Mac still matter? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware NES Classic recalls simpler, happier days for Nintendo Data Centers China maintains No. 1, No. 2 supercomputing systems as HPC gets more power Laptops Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the MacBook Pro Apple If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Updates and fixes in store for iOS and Android AFP Relax News•October 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share First updates in store for iOS 10 and Android 7.More A few weeks after launching the latest versions of their mobile operating systems iOS and Android, Apple and Google are both rolling out updates to fix bugs and bring new functions to the platforms. iOS 10.1 The main role of this iOS 10 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is to fix various bugs, a little over a month after its initial launch. Owners of Apple's iPhone 7 Plus will also be getting a new "Portrait" mode for the camera (in beta), which blurs the background to make the subject stand out (a technique known as bokeh in the world of photography). Apple promises a host of bug fixes, plus improved Bluetooth connectivity and support for headphones over the Lightning connection. Note that Apple is updating its watchOS (3.1) system too, fixing playlist syncing issues. Android 7.1 This first update for Android Nougat is only aimed at developers for the moment. It brings several new features that will be rolled out to users at a later date. These include custom shortcuts to specific functions within applications, a night mode, a quick restart function and new emojis (jobs, sports, etc.). Google promises improved memory management too, allowing users to delete several applications at once, for example. Android 7.1 is also compatible with Daydream, Google's virtual reality platform. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Homes Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon New York Daily News entertainment Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School More Sports Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Share This facebook Tweet email Suge Knight files lawsuit claiming Dr. Dre hired hitmen to kill him over management deal  Suge Knight files suit claiming Dr. Dre hired hitmen to kill him BY Nancy Dillon NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, October 24, 2016, 4:46 PM facebook Tweet email BY Nancy Dillon NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, October 24, 2016, 4:46 PM Months after first making the wild allegation, Suge Knight is now suing Dr. Dre with claims the hitmaker hired hitmen to kill him. The jailed Death Row Records founder claims Andre "Dr. Dre" Young wanted him dead to get out from under an alleged lifetime management agreement specifying Knight should get 30% of the millions Young made selling his Beats headphones business to Apple and producing "Straight Outta Compton" for Universal. Knight claims Young first hired a gunman to shoot him inside the 1Oak nightclub in West Hollywood in August 2014 and then funded a follow-up armed assault at Tam's burgers in Compton in January 2015. "Dr. Dre did it. Andre Young is responsible for both crimes," Knight's new lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court states. Suge Knight's harsh jail rules blamed on 'massive scandal' Suge Knight (l.) is suing Dr. Dre (r.) claiming the rapper-turned-mogul hired hitmen to kill him. "Serious attempts on Knight's life began only after Young was paid through Apple on May 28, 2014," the lawsuit claims. "Given that Dre has had zero interaction with Suge since leaving Death Row Records in 1996, we hope that Suge's lawyer has lots of malicious prosecution insurance," an attorney for Dr. Dre states. The new civil filing from Knight's lawyer Thaddeus Culpepper is a cross-complaint in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by the widow of Terry Carter. A February 1996 Vibe cover shows Snoop Dog, Dr. Dre (top center) and Suge Knight (below center) with Snoop Dogg (l.) and Tupac. Knight is now behind bars on charges he murdered Carter and attempted to kill Cle "Bone" Sloan when he hit the gas on his truck and ran over both men during the confrontation outside Tam's. Ice Cube and Dr. Dre reportedly cleared in wrongful death suit Knight has pleaded not guilty, claiming the men were armed and threatened his life. His new lawsuit names Young, Universal and Apple as respondents, alleging they reached a "mutually agreeable scheme" that would result in Young somehow severing ties with Knight. Knight claims Young recruited Sloan and another man named Dwayne "Knob" Johnson to go after him. His lawsuit alleges Young employed the men as technical advisors on "Straight Outta Compton" but paid them out of his own accounts for the alleged hit. Suge Knight's robbery trial postponed till after murder case "Young did not wish to share another penny with Knight," the new lawsuit states. "Young wished (for) an overall solution to this apparent, constant Suge Knight dilemma." Knight has pleaded not guilty to the deadly Jan. 29, 2015 hit and run, claiming the men were armed and threatened his life. (Damian Dovarganes/AP) The new court paperwork alleges checks from at least one of Young's accounts paid Sloan $300,000 and "Knob" $20,000 weeks before the incident at Tam's. "Knight is informed and believes that Apple, Universal and Young agreed that payments for the armed assault were to be made by Young so as not to implicate Universal or Apple," the cross complaint states. "Knight is also informed and believes payments from one or any or all of the accounts were used to pay the armed gunmen that shot Knight seven times at 1Oak nightclub on August 14, 2014," it states. Judge denies rap mogul Suge Knight murder-trial witness info It claims a man identified as "T-Money" told a Sheriff's investigator "that he was paid by Young to kill Knight (at 1Oak)." Knight claims Universal "was at least aware that part of Sloan's tactics in addressing the Knight dilemma would involve armed assault." Knight, 50, previously accused Young of involvement in the 1Oak shooting in a court filing last April that blamed Knight's stringent jail restrictions on a "massive scandal and cover-up." Tags: suge knight dr. dre california lawsuits Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Spurs have share of family guys Earnings, revenue fall at Payment Data Systems Reality of job sobering for Trump Election about more than race Local News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace 'Stink eye' leads to deadly drive-by shooting on West Side, San Antonio man who detained suspects with AR-15 fighting charges Lawsuit: San Antonio teen was texting while driving, causing San Antonio legislators file bill that would create David’s Law US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Poland exhumes president, wife killed in 2010 plane crash Georgia man guilty in death of toddler son left in hot SUV Cooperation results in light sentences in Islamic State case Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Another Bill Hall Jr. Trucking firm in bankruptcy Earnings, revenue fall at Payment Data Systems Milestone Group partnership buys $43 million apartments on Loop “Rust wraps” on display at San Antonio Auto & Truck Show Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Finally whole, Spurs find footing in time for rematch with Heat Late TD by Louisiana Tech appears to have stoked rivalry with High school football playoffs: Second-round matchup histories Spurs have share of family guys Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Tip Top Cafe closes second location The Well launches $10 express lunch specials Fourth-grade Stone Oak chef needs your vote for Uncle Ben's prize San Antonio restaurant inspections: November 11, 2016 Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2016 Halloween Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Destinations George Strait to celebrate release of new box set Comedian Gabriel Iglesias returning to San Antonio 'Walking Dead' podcast & photos: 'Service' with a diabolical, Switchfoot, Morrissey and 13 more San Antonio happenings this Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Home Decorating Trends & Style Beauty and Fitness Tips Better Living Tips Gift Ideas Pets Green Living Austin man throws party with a kiddie pool-sized nacho platter Here's what Texans need to know about cremation and the law Digital Dish: NES Classic is MIA at retailers The 10 most beautiful places in Texas, according to Culture Trip Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Reality of job sobering for Trump Bring on the Trumpism Your Turn: Nov. 15 Dismantling consumer agency would be a travesty Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Lexus GX 460 is ready for the highways or the byways, with room Volkswagen’s Passat sedan gets a makeover for 2016, plus new VW unveils 7-passenger Atlas crossover, arriving for 2018 from Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features What Trump might really do with health care Washington rejects carbon tax, but backers are undeterred Applications for US unemployment aid fall from 3-month high Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Kitchen, Bed and Bath Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend Ranches for sale in Texas you can afford Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/sponsoredarticles/article/The-9-Best-Things-to-Buy-in-November-And-It-s-10326674.php The 9 best things to buy in November — and it's not just Black Friday TVs! Updated 8:30 pm, Tuesday, October 25, 2016 November is the ultimate month for deal hunters. Not only will you find above-average sales every week, but this month you also get to shop Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday — and price lows you simply don't see throughout the rest of the year. However, not every sale you come across in November will offer true price lows. Thus, we're here to tell you what you should buy this month, what will be cheaper next month, and what you should avoid at all costs. Need more shopping tips? Make sure you check out our Black Friday predictions and timely features, and consider subscribing to our DealNews Select Newsletter so the best deals of the day are delivered to your inbox. Most Popular 1 Video: 3 women brawl at H-E-B in San Antonio 2 Gregg Popovich uncensored: Full transcript of thoughts on... 3 Student's body found inside Texas State University building The Best of Black Friday Large Home Appliances From Dyson vacuums to washer and dryer units, November is the month you want to make your major appliance purchases. Black Friday week in particular will offer an abundance of deals on laundry units, vacuums, dishwashers, and refrigerators. Our research shows that 35% of these deals will hit their best-of-the-year prices, compared with 25% otherwise. SEE ALSO: Will This Be the Last Time Thanksgiving Beats Black Friday for Deals? The best deals will come from Home Depot, Target, and Sears. Keep an eye out for additional coupon savings, and free sitewide shipping. Apple Devices Everything from iPads to Apple Watches can be a great buy during Black Friday, with two big qualifiers: Buy one generation behind, and don't buy from the Apple Store. Brand new devices don't see as significant discounts, and the Apple Store is always undercut by resellers like Best Buy and Micro Center. That said, you can grab an iPhone 6s (with new and improved memory) for $349, or $200 off — or for free with a 2-year contract. The iPad Air 2 will drop to $350, and even though they are the same price, the iPad mini 4 will drop to $300. The original Apple Watch will see the best prices, as low as $150. Just be aware of what you're getting, because stores might be vague about which model they're selling. Apple Watch pricing gets a little confusing, because there are now three distinct models. The Series 2 is the newest, and the Series 1 is the same as the original Apple Watch, but with a better processor. The original doesn't really have a name, so we'll just call it the original. The original Apple Watch will see the best prices, as low as $150. Just be aware of what you're getting, because stores might be vague about which model they're selling. Android and Windows Tablets If you don't want to invest a lot of money on a slate, November is an ideal time to buy a budget tablet. We expect to see an 8" 16GB quad-core Android tablet for $40, a 10" 32GB quad-core Android tablet for $60, and a 10" 32GB quad-core Windows 2-in-1 tablet for $75. If you want to spend even less, you could opt for refurbished units, which we expect to sell for $15 and $30, respectively. However, for a better tablet experience, it will be hard to top Amazon's Fire tablets. Their entry-level 7" one was discounted from $50 to $35 on Thanksgiving last year. Their latest, a 8" HD version, costs $90, so it could be available for $60 around Black Friday. Check out A4C and Newegg for other tablets under $100. Clothing November apparel sales are easy to predict because retailers tend to offer similar deals to the ones they had the previous year. That means you can expect the average apparel deal to shave 54% off, whereas the best sales will take up to 80% off. Coupons, of which there will be many, can take as much as 60% off. However, stackable coupons will be a little more moderate, taking between 20% to 30% off. One thing to keep in mind is that the best shopping day for clothing this season isn't Black Friday, and isn't even Thanksgiving: It's Cyber Monday. Be sure to check this day for the best deals on apparel, shoes, and also beauty items. 4K TVs (and Budget TVs) Month after month we've warned shoppers to stay away from TV deals. Well, now is the time to upgrade, and for the first time ever, we're saying 4K is a great buy for Black Friday. We expect to see prices on these TVs drop to lows that would have been unthinkable just a year ago. Expect to see 4K doorbusters for as low as $230, with midsize UHD sets for less than $500 readily available. But the really in-demand sets (with a better price/performance balance) will still be 1080p sets. Those around 42" could go for $120. Mainstream and Budget Laptops In addition to TVs, Black Friday is also traditionally the best time of the year to make a laptop purchase. As usual, 15" laptops with current-generation processors will provide the best value: a 15" Windows laptop with an i5 Skylake chip should drop to $300. If you want a faster i7, expect to pay $450. As usual, 15" laptops with current-generation processors will provide the best value: a 15" Windows laptop with an i5 Skylake chip should drop to $300. Bargain bin laptops will also see incredible lows, dropping below last year's doorbuster price of $149 to the $110 range. That's for a 15" laptop with less memory and a weaker processor. Extreme budget laptops, however, may once again drop as low as $99, but keep in mind these machines will offer inferior hardware usually consisting of an 11" screen, Celeron or Atom processor, and just 2GB of RAM. They're fine for simple tasks like Web browsing and social media, but can struggle with more powerful tasks like streaming HD video or multitasking. Laptop deals are plentiful at Amazon, Newegg, and Best Buy, which are also three of our top overall stores for Black Friday. But also keep an eye on Dell Home, Adorama, and the Microsoft Store. Kitchen Appliances Whether you're a casual cook or an actual chef, November is the absolute best time to buy kitchen goods and appliances. Even high-end devices like KitchenAid mixers and essential Pyrex container sets will see extraordinary deals. Our 2016 Black Friday Home Goods Guide anticipates around 50% of this year's small appliance offers will earn the Editors' Choice nod, in comparison with a typical 19% from the rest of the year. Look for deals from stores like Kohl's, Kmart, and Bon-Ton. SEE ALSO: 14 Ways to Prepare for Black Friday Like a Pro Low-End MacBooks and iMacs Apple computer deals are easier to come by for their smaller and less powerful models. For laptops, that's the 11" MacBook Air; for desktops it's the 21" iMac. Expect low-end 11" Airs at $700 and base model 21" iMacs at $900. Mid-Generation Game Consoles The Xbox One S and the PS4 Slim are new, but the next generation video game consoles for both companies have already been announced (and the PlayStation Pro is already available). That means you'll be able to get a great deal on what is essentially still a current-gen console. Used versions of the Xbox One and PS4 will be super affordable, but still won't be much cheaper than new consoles. Look for bundles that include top-rated games and a controller. Wait Until Later Winter Apparel If you need a new parka or wool scarf, you'll see better prices during mid-season sales in January, when discounts will top 50%. High-End Computers Intel's new Kaby Lake processor is still mostly available in ultralight gaming laptops. It won't see major discounts, but most consumers don't need these specs anyway. Apple also doesn't see big discounts for its more powerful laptops, even following a major update like the one coming up next week. Back in 2012, the last time MacBooks got a significant upgrade, we didn't see any deals on older models during Black Friday. SEE ALSO: Thanksgiving & Black Friday 2016 Store Hours: Know When to Go! Gift Cards These handy stocking stuffers practically rain from the sky in December, when you can easily score $100 of iTunes credit for $80 or even $70. Exercise Equipment Stores like to take advantage of all those New Years' resolutions, so wait until early January to pick up weights or an exercise bike. Toys Sorry, but if you're looking for the hottest toys of the season, Black Friday deals will be few and far between. Whatever is the "Frozen" or "Star Wars" toy of this season will be so in-demand that it won't be discounted often. The truly dedicated can find deals of up to 60% off on items from Toys "R" Us' Fabulous 15 list, but these offers will sell out almost immediately. It might be better to take your chances finding a deal during December. Excited for Black Friday deals? Consider subscribing to the DealNews Select Newsletter to get a daily recap of all our deals; you never know when a Black Friday price will be released! You can also download the DealNews app, check out the latest Black Friday ads, or read more buying advice. Related DealNews Features: 12 Things NOT to Buy on Black Friday 14 Ways to Prepare for Black Friday Like a Pro Will This Be the Last Time Thanksgiving Beats Black Friday for Deals? Breaking News 'Stink eye' leads to fatal shooting on West Side, police say Family pays tribute to S.A. woman killed by alleged drunk driver Police say drunk Bexar deputy was asleep at the wheel The Latest Student's body found inside Texas State building H-E-B shopping-aisle brawl caught on video Texas party includes giant nacho platter Here's what Texans need to know about cremation and the law 'One-of-a-kind' exhibit coming to S.A. zoo Beloved S.A. cafe closes NE Side location Texas rap legend shot in the back of the head High school football: UIL, TAPPS second-round playoff pairings Donald Trump protester accused of punching police horse taken... Internet loves another clutch Cowboys performance Cowboys keep rolling, rally past Steelers Best of Tony Romo injury memes Suit: Texting S.A. teen caused man’s death Family of S.A. mom killed by tow truck files lawsuit Mom forced to deliver stillborn baby after tragic accident Fans blitz Alamodome for Notre Dame, Army S.A. metal heads give Black Sabbath an epic sendoff Art lovers, musicians come out for Luminaria Walmart's Black Friday 'Doorbuster' deals What to expect from Best Buy on Black Friday Target announces Black Friday deals Recent Breaking News 'Stink eye' leads to deadly drive-by shooting on West Side,... Bexar Sheriff deputy asleep in car charged with DWI on South Side SAWS: Vandalism causes 100,000-gallon sewer spill on North Side 60-Second Clips Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Refurb Vizio 55" 120Hz 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $390 + free... WalmartPosted 1 hr 45 min ago SHOP NOW Udemy Online Courses for $10 each UdemyPosted 8 hr 42 min ago SHOP NOW RCA 12" 32GB Android Tablet w/ Keyboard for $98 + free shipping WalmartPosted 9 hr 16 min ago SHOP NOW Martha Stewart Living Storage Unit from $37 + free shipping Home Decorators CollectionPosted 9 hr 13 min ago Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Video: 3 women brawl at H-E-B in San Antonio 2 Gregg Popovich uncensored: Full transcript of thoughts on... 3 Student's body found inside Texas State University building 4 Comedian Gabriel Iglesias returning to San Antonio 5 Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal 6 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 7 Family mourns death of woman, 27, after alleged drunk driving... 8 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 9 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 10 Lawsuit: San Antonio teen was texting while driving, causing... 11 JCPenney might have gone a little too far with its Black... 12 Tip Top Cafe closes second location 13 SAPD: Man dead after vehicle falls 20 feet from street above... 14 Nowhere to mooove: 3 cows stranded by New Zealand earthquake 15 Drunk Bexar Sheriff's deputy was asleep at wheel, vehicle in... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple's Tim Cook: 'We're returning to growth' Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:02 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple CEO: We&#039;re confidently investing in the future</p> <p>Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks live on Apple&#039;s fourth-quarter earnings conference call, answering a question on R&amp;D investments.</p> Apple CEO: We're confidently investing in the future    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 5:29 PM ET | 01:34 After reporting three straight quarters of lower year-over-year sales, Apple says it is returning to growth. "Looking forward, the response to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has been very positive," Apple CEO Tim Cook said. "It's very hard to gauge demand, as you know, when you're selling everything you're making. So we'll find out more through the quarter, but we're confident enough to give you guys guidance that we're returning to growth this quarter, which obviously feels very good for us." During its first fiscal quarter, the company said it expects revenue in the range of $76 billion to $78 billion, beating the $74.9 billion expected by analysts polled by StreetAccount. That would compare to $75.9 billion in January of last year. While Apple has suffered constrained iPhone supply and softness in China, executives said on Tuesday that is set to turn around, in part thanks to its growing influence in software. iPhone 7 Hardly any sales of the iPhone 7 were be reflected in the company's quarterly earnings report on Tuesday. It was unveiled in early September and since then, supply has been tight, executives said. But it's clear that upgrade programs from carriers have had a "robust" result and are a "win" for Apple, Cook said on Tuesday. Indeed, while iPhone unit sales fell year-over-year in the fourth quarter, they turned into positive territory on a sequential basis. Still, executives declined to forecast a precise iPhone figure for the next quarter. Services Apple also has growing momentum from its services division, where it has been investing heavily in research and acquisitions to makes Siri and its smart watch apps smarter. That's already starting to pay off: Services revenue grew 24 percent to an all-time quarterly record of $6.3 billion, the company said. Apple's software and services division — including the App Store — is one of the company's brightest and most ambitious areas. Last quarter it grew 19 percent year over year, faster than any other category, as the App Store logged its highest-ever revenue amid game craze "Pokemon Go." Cook told CNBC last quarter that he hoped the company's services division would become the size of a Fortune 100 company by next year. Apple has also released a new, easier to learn coding environment, Swift Playgrounds, and a new revenue sharing model, to lure more developers to the App Store. On top of that, Apple has increased its reach in original content, with exclusive Apple music offerings and shows like "Carpool Karaoke" and "Planet of the Apps." Entrants in the "Planet of the Apps" competition were required to publish their apps last week. "Going into the quarter AND for long term, we continue to believe that the software and services at Apple are the most underappreciated aspect of the Apple story, particularly the App Store," Macquarie Capital analyst Ben Schachter wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. China China saw another weak quarter from Apple, seeing revenue fall 30 percent from a year ago in the fourth quarter. But Cook told CNBC he expects the situation there to improve in the next two quarters, citing LTE data adoption in the region. "From a longer-term point of view, out of the 90-day clocks and so-forth, we are very bullish on China," Cook said. "We continue to see a middle class that's booming there. There might be some sort of a new normal in the economy. But a new normal there is still a good growth rate." As one of the company's biggest markets, greater China has been been a sore spot for Apple as that nation's economy mounts a transition away from manufacturing and toward services. The world's second-largest economy grew 6.7 percent year over year during the July-September quarter, unchanged from the previous three months, government data showed earlier this month. Last quarter, Apple took its biggest revenue hit in China, where sales fell 33 percent from a year ago. At $8.8 billion, China was the third-largest market in the company's fiscal third quarter behind Europe at $9.6 billion, and the U.S. at nearly $18 billion. Apple faces increasing competition from local Chinese vendors that have edged into the premium market. In the second calendar quarter, Chinese companies Oppo and Vivo saw year-over-year worldwide smartphone shipments increase 136.6 percent and 80.2 percent, respectively, according to IDC. With regulatory hurdles like a brief ban in Beijing, Apple has tried to steady its presence in China. In May, Apple invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing, a move Apple CEO Tim Cook said would help the tech giant strategically and teach it about the Chinese market. Cook made a visit to Shenzhen, China earlier this month to announce a new research and development center. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Tech Apple's new MacBook Pro has no escape key New, 108 comments Virtual buttons are a smarter approach by Chris Welch Oct 25, 2016, 4:31pm EDT share tweet Linkedin So it turns out that images of Apple's new MacBook Pro, set to be unveiled on Thursday, are actually hiding inside the latest macOS Sierra update. They confirm that Jony Ive and Apple's designers have added a touch bar to the company's top-of-the-line laptop. To make room for that, Apple completely got rid of the function keys that've been at the top of Mac keyboards for years. Physical esc key? Gone. Same for the brightness buttons and volume controls. They're history. Apple wisely seems to have combined the power button and Touch ID sensor, though it's not yet clear whether this button is actually mechanical. Now it's probably fair to assume that many of these settings — at least the more popular ones — will appear on the touch bar by default. I can't remember the last time I actually pressed esc, though I do feel for programmers and engineers. THE NEW MACBOOK HAS NO PHYSICAL ESCAPE KEY RIP VIM USERS https://t.co/n82uJapWjQ pic.twitter.com/B9VNrHClqd — David Zhou (@dz) October 25, 2016 For me, I'd hope that when I'm doing everyday tasks on my MacBook, things like brightness and volume controls will just be there. Previous reports have rumored that the touch bar will present different controls and options based on the apps you've got open, which makes a ton of sense. The versatility of touchscreens was one of the things that Steve Jobs highlighted when introducing the original iPhone, remember. "Every application wants a slightly different user interface, a slightly optimized set of buttons just for it." Now that philosophy is coming to the MacBook Pro's bottom half. How often do you really adjust the keyboard's backlight? Do those controls really need to be permanent? Forcing people out of their button instincts might also help boost Siri usage on Apple's desktop and laptop computers. I write for The Verge and have barely used it since Sierra launched, which probably isn't an awesome sign. I'm always going to miss a button in some scenarios, though, like whenever I open my laptop and audio unexpectedly starts blaring. Mashing buttons in a panic is always more reassuring than a pane of glass. As for what else Apple has courageously changed about its upcoming MacBook Pro, well, we're less than 48 hours from finding out. pic.twitter.com/NtwUxe9hUM — darth™ (@darth) October 25, 2016 First look at the new MacBook Pro Via: Owen Williams (Twitter) Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Mobile Tech Apple working on Google Glass-style AR glasses, says report by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apple is working on a wearable device similar to Google Glass that would blend an augmented reality display with a standard pair of glasses, according to a report from Bloomberg News. The company is still exploring the smart glasses market, the... New, 0 comments Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 1 comment Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 5 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 5 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Tim Cook Says Apple Is "Open to Acquisitions of Any Size" The Hollywood ReporterOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Three days after AT&T announced an $85 billion deal to acquire Time Warner, Apple CEO Tim Cook says he's open to making a large purchase of his own.  When asked Tuesday about his strategy around larger acquisitions during the company's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings call, Cook responded, "We're open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more. We look at a whole variety of companies and, based on that, we choose whether to move forward or not. We're definitely open and we definitely look."  Cook's comments come not long after Apple was reported to be among those parties interested in Time Warner's business. The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Apple approached Time Warner, which owns Warner Bros., HBO, CNN and Turner, earlier this year but talks didn't progress beyond the initial phase. The new report follows on a Financial Times report that Apple's Eddy Cue also made an approach last year.  Asked for further commentary around Apple's interest in the television industry, Cook confirmed that "television has intense interest with me and many other people here."  He continued: "We have started with focusing on some original content. ... I think it's a great opportunity for us both from a creation point of view and from an ownership point of view, so it's an area that we're focused on."  During the fiscal fourth quarter, Apple sold more iPhones than analysts were expecting but still posted year-over-year revenue declines that have some questioning the long-term growth potential for its signature device business.  The Cupertino, Calif., iPhone maker reported fiscal fourth-quarter revenue of $46.9 billion, down 9 percent from the same period last year. Earnings fell 19 percent to $1.67 per share. The company's financial results were in line with analyst expectations. Wall Street, polled by Thomson Reuters, was expecting revenue of $46.9 billion and earnings of $1.65 a share. But this quarter marks the third consecutive decline in quarterly revenue, which contributed to a slight drop in share price during afterhours trading on the Nasdaq.   Apple sold 45.51 million iPhones during the quarter, slightly more than the 45 million analysts were anticipating. The new iPhone 7 went on sale just two weeks before the end of the quarter, so this next quarter will be where most of those sales are reflected. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2," Cook said in a statement.  Meanwhile, Apple's services division, which includes revenue from Apple Music, Apple Pay and other non-hardware offerings, was up 24 percent to a record $6.3 billion. Cook noted in his statement that the segment was seeing "incredible momentum."  The company is anticipating a strong holiday sales season, issuing revenue guidance for the fiscal first quarter of 2017 between $76 billion and $78 billion.  Apple shares closed the day up less than one percent to $118.25. Read more: AT&T's DirecTV Now Streaming Service to Cost $35 a Month Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Cramer on Samsung-Harman deal: I pushed Apple to buy it first CNBC.com Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK, with Echo as its secret weapon CNET Family: 'Deadliest Catch' star injured in assault Associated Press Journalist Gwen Ifill dies at age 61 Yahoo News Video Marriage Equality ‘Settled’ but Abortion Isn’t: Trump Contradicts on ‘60 Minutes’ Yahoo Beauty Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump AFP President Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic,' not an ‘ideologue' Yahoo News Video Scott Disick Shares Sexy Photo of Kourtney Kardashian's Butt During Mexico Vacation Entertainment Tonight Obama says ‘pragmatic’ Trump may struggle to undo his legacy Yahoo News Week 10 fantasy wrap: Ezekiel Elliott tops Mostly NFL Notes Roto Arcade Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman Reuters Judge orders release of ‘Making a Murderer’ subject Brendan Dassey Yahoo News Video Remains of Missing Daughter of Piano Guys' Jon Schmidt Found, He Says Good Morning America Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider Silicon Valley backed super-PAC uses social pressures to attack Trump Ron: The very rich know it will be best for them if Hillary wins the election. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3k Wanda Sykes Booed in Boston for Criticizing Donald Trump: ‘F— All Y’all’ The Wrap Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion buyout offer - Bloomberg Reuters 'Michigan Rattlers' Talk Inspiration Behind Their Music and Perform 'Sweet Diane' ABC News Videos Mike Evans indicates on Instagram he didn't vote before protesting Donald Trump Shutdown Corner PBS Newshour's Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 TVLine.com Antidiscrimination groups denounce Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon Yahoo News Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump rally resumes, bond yields spike Yahoo Finance Video Inside Iraqi Forces Fight for Mosul Yahoo News Video Hillary Clinton is Winning the Popular Vote Cosmopolitan Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Girl Gets Parting Gift When Beloved Tree Is Removed From Her Yard Good Morning America Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff SPLC on the postelection harassment Yahoo News Video GOP President-Elect Donald Trump Says Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Settled' Law Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Business Tech Apple's Services division is the one bright spot in a down fiscal 2016 But Services still only makes up 11 percent of annual revenue by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Oct 25, 2016, 6:01pm EDT share tweet Linkedin During its earnings call today, Apple CEO Tim Cook put the focus on the company's Services division, which contains Apple Music, iTunes, Apple Pay, and the App Store, and grew 24 percent year-over-year in an otherwise down year for the company. Services has become Apple's second biggest revenue generator behind the iPhone over the past two years, and it's importance to the company as a diversified section in contrast to its hardware products has dramatically increased in that same timeframe. Cook touted the expansion of Apple Pay, which has just been released in Japan, Russia, and New Zealand, and is coming to Spain next month. Transactions were up nearly 500 percent year-over-year, according to Cook, and the company completed more transactions in September than it did in all of fiscal 2015. Apple says Music revenue grew by 22 percent, but Cook didn't clarify how much of that revenue came from Apple Music or iTunes. "We have almost doubled the size of our Services revenue in the last four years." "We have almost doubled the size of our Services revenue in the last four years," Cook said on the call, noting that Apple expects the division to be the size of a Fortune 100 company in the next fiscal year. Given that Services pulled in $24.3 billion in revenue in the 2016 fiscal year, that goal will likely be met, as the division would currently land just short of the Fortune 100 list. But right now, Services is still far from making a serious dent in Apple's earnings, making up only 11 percent of its annual revenue in fiscal 2016. There's no doubt at this rate Services will be a major player for Apple going forward, but in the immediate future, the focus for investors will stay on the iPhone until Apple's cash cow makes a turnaround. More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Mobile Tech Apple working on Google Glass-style AR glasses, says report by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apple is working on a wearable device similar to Google Glass that would blend an augmented reality display with a standard pair of glasses, according to a report from Bloomberg News. The company is still exploring the smart glasses market, the... New, 0 comments Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 1 comment Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 5 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 5 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Apple’s soft iPhone sales sends its stock down sharply The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama October 25 Follow @htsuka The Apple logo is displayed on the back of an iPhone. (Carl Court/Getty Images) Apple reported another quarter of falling iPhone sales Tuesday, underscoring worries that the firm relies too heavily on a flagship product that's running out of steam. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones as compared to 48 million in the same period last year, a drop of 5 percent. Shares fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading. Many analysts expected iPhone sales to be soft, even as its chief competitor, Samsung, deals with explosive problems with its Galaxy Note 7. But Apple, like its competitors, has long-term problems with smartphone sale growth, which can't be offset by a short-term windfall. For example, revenue in China fell 30 percent from the year-ago quarter. In a statement, Apple executive Tim Cook tried to focus attention on growth in its services sector, which includes iTunes and the App Store. "“We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record,” Cook said. The company reported better-than-expected financial results, with a quarterly income of $9 billion — giving it earnings of $1.67 per share, higher than the $1.65 analysts expected for the company's fourth quarter. Yet the firm posted $46.90 billion in revenue, versus projections of $46.94 billion. On a call with analysts to discuss the earnings, Cook highlighted the interconnectivity of Apple's systems — which, in turn, encourage customers to buy multiple Apple products — and the company's ongoing investment in new technologies such as artificial intelligence and voice-activated software. But the iPhone still makes up 61 percent of Apple's revenue, and no other Apple products saw any sales growth from the same time last year. Revenue for the iPad unit was flat, while Mac revenue was down 17 percent. Revenue of “other products” — which include the Apple Watch and Apple TV — were down 22 percent. Some analysts said that investors should not read too much into the slower iPhone sales. “Some reports will focus on Apple having a weak quarter which ignores the fact that it continues to be the most profitable device maker on the planet and there seems little evidence that will end any time soon,” said Ben Wood, Chief of Research at analysis firm CCS Insight, in a note to investors ahead of earnings.  He also noted that Apple had a blowout quarter last year with the introduction of the iPhone 6s, which also accounts for the drop-off in sales as compared to last year. The iPhone 7 was seen as more of an incremental update than many expected, and may therefore not have been quite as appealing to upgrading smartphone buyers. Many may be holding out for next year's iPhone, in which Apple is expected to make significant upgrades to mark its smartphone's 10th anniversary. Apple did offer strong guidance for the upcoming holiday quarter — which, in its accounting, is the first quarter of the next fiscal year — indicating that it could be having some supply issues that it will resolve, analysts said. On the call, Cook confirmed that there were some supply issues, particularly with the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also gaining an extra week this year for its holiday quarter, which should help sales. The firm is also expected to announce new laptops at a Thursday event, which many customers have been waiting for before making their next purchase. “This quarter was good, but not great. But expectations are high,” said Patrick Moorhead, analyst at Moor Insights and Strategies, after the report. “I think there will be investors asking 'Where is the innovation?' and 'Where is the growth?'” Still, Moorehead said, Apple — which continues to increase spending in research and development — shouldn't rush into releasing products that aren't yet ready. “You can't rush a company like this, which is known for products that are fully baked and make people happy,” he said. While companies such as Google are able to release beta products without hurting its brand, Moorehead said that if “Apple were to rush something out, it would be detrimental to their brand and what people expect of them.” business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 2 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 3 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 4 How Donald Trump could change what it’s like to be a parent in America 5 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more Market Watch DJIA -0.06% NASDAQ -0.45% Get quote Last Update: 2:36 PM 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple spins services with iPhone sales slumping Sophie Estienne, with Rob Lever in Washington AFPOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 1 / 6 The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London (AFP Photo/Jack Taylor) San Francisco (AFP) - Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on the company's efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. The company said Tuesday that profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending September 24. Revenue fell nine percent to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September, and was likely to benefit from the woes of rival Samsung, suffering from a massive recall of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments, Apple TV and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. The world's largest company by market value closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. Apple shares fell 2.7 percent in after-hours trade following the release. "Previously, Apple was able to rely on strong sales of phones, tablets and computers to drive up revenue and profit across all geographies. This is no longer the case," said Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino. Still, Saunders noted that "Apple is being judged by its own incredibly high standards," and that "even with the dips in growth it remains a phenomenally successful business that is far from running out of steam." - More than device maker - Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a device maker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," Gillett said. Apple's results showed a six percent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 percent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 percent from a year to $8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 percent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. On a call with analysts, Cook declined to comment on what Apple has in the pipeline but did indicate the company was investing in "products in the development phase which have not yet reached the market." Asked to explain the sharp rise in research and development spending, Cook said, "We're confidently investing in the future." Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Back To Top[*] Rakuten Card brings Apple Pay to customers in Japan Oct. 26, 2016 - 06:36AM JST Rakuten Card Co Ltd on Tuesday started bringing to its customers Apple Pay, an easy, fast and secure way to make mobile payments that is private and convenient with iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, including in transit, stores, apps and on the web. Since its launch in July 2005, Rakuten Card has rapidly gained popularity with key initiatives such as “No annual fees,” “High loyalty point rewards” and “Loyalty points for use on all Rakuten’s diverse services.” The 2015 Japanese Customer Satisfaction Index (JCSI) ranked Rakuten Card as No. 1 for customer satisfaction in the credit card category for the seventh year running. Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive rewards and beneﬁts offered by their cards. Rakuten Card cardholders using their cards with Apple Pay will continue to enjoy the reward of one Rakuten Super Point for every 100 yen spent. To begin using Apple Pay, customers should update to the latest software for iOS, watchOS and macOS, available as free updates. To use Apple Pay in stores, tell the cashier you would like to pay with QUICPay, then simply place your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus near the contactless reader, and with the touch of a finger on Touch ID, the payment is complete. When paying with your Apple Watch Series 2, double-click the side button before holding it near the reader. For Rakuten Card cardholders with the Mastercard and JCB brands, online shopping in apps and on websites accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a finger on Touch ID, so there’s no need to manually fill out lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. They can also use Suica with their iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, and use their Rakuten Card with the Mastercard and JCB brands to recharge their Suica balance or purchase railway tickets with Apple Pay. When paying for goods and services on the go in apps or Safari, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6 and later, iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, and iPad mini 3 and later. You can also use Apple Pay in Safari on any Mac introduced in or after 2012 with macOS Sierra and confirm the payment with iPhone 6 or later or Apple Watch. Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. If your iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch is ever lost, you can use Find My iPhone to put your device in Lost Mode to suspend Apple Pay, or you can wipe your device clean completely. You can also stop the ability to make payments with Apple Pay on iCloud.com. When you use a credit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. When you use Apple Pay, your credit card number will not be shared with the merchant. Rakuten Card will continue to work to introduce innovative and reliable new payment services that add to the range of convenient services offered to our cardholders. For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/jp/apple-pay/ Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 54° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs TechnologyBusiness Apple's quarterly revenue falls 9 percent, to $46.8 billion Updated October 25, 2016 5:49 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - The Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan on Sept. 5, 2014. Photo Credit: AP / Mark Lennihan advertisement | advertise on newsday SAN FRANCISCO - Apple says it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the last quarter, 5 percent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company's rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. Apple reported Tuesday that its revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. Profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion. advertisement | advertise on newsday The results are a reflection of lukewarm interest in last year's iPhone models. Apple released two new models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, just two weeks before the quarter ended. StoryApple Watch sales plunge 71.6 percent in third quarterPhotosWho are the top 50 retailers in the United States? Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines. Analysts say that's a good indicator for 2017. The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple's biggest. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Firms focus on social media for holiday sales Judge: Amazon must refund parents for kids' app purchases Facebook glitch made it appear some users died Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES iPhone sales beat expectations as Apple reports $46.9bn Q4 by John Kennedy 25 Oct 201617 Shares Apple CEO Tim Cook taking a selfie on an iPhone with Trinity College Dublin students last year. Image: Laura Hutton/Shutterstock Apple surpassed analysts’ expectations by selling more iPhones, but a 24pc surge in revenues from Services indicates a new future for the California tech giant. Apple reported fourth quarter revenues of $46.9bn, down 9pc, marking it as the company’s third quarter of quarterly sales decline. The Q4 performance compares with $51.5bn reported in the fourth quarter of 2015. Despite the decline, the company is still the largest tech performer by revenue and particularly by profit, with some $9bn gains generated in Q4. Either way, the tech giant is confounding Wall Street expectations, selling 45.5m iPhone devices during the fourth quarter – more than the 44.8m expected by analysts. The reality is that even despite the declining numbers, Apple is still a tough act to follow, with a war chest of $237.6bn in cash and investments. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24pc to set another all-time record.” Services the next iPhone for Apple? While Apple is still coy to report how many Apple Watch devices have been sold, for Cook to place an emphasis on Services – which includes apps and music – is quite telling and indicative of a future that is increasingly software-based. The company sold 4.9m Mac devices in Q4, down 14pc, which indicates it’s the right time for the tech giant to bring out a new line-up on Thursday (27 October). Interestingly, Apple itself leaked details of a new MacBook Pro that sports a second OLED screen for functions to suit specific apps as well as the disappearance of an Esc key. The overall performance means that for the first time since 2001, Apple revenues have actually declined. While Services may be on the rise, the critical iPhone device accounts for two-thirds of the company’s revenues and it may be some time before Services revenue really contributes to the tech giant’s bottom line. Critically, Apple was buoyant in its predictions for the crucial Q1 sales season which takes in Christmas, projecting a better-than-expected $76bn to $78bn. Tim Cook in Dublin. Image: Laura Hutton/Shutterstock Related: MacBook, Earnings, iPhone, Apple, Mac, Apple Watch, Tim Cook, smartphones Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Apple reports Q3 revenues of $42.4bn, sells more iPhones than expected 26 Jul 201617 Shares Hiring Now Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Work smarter, live better Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Gear Apple is about to reveal a long-overdue overhaul of MacBook Pro line 10 Aug 201627 Shares Gear 7 things we expect Apple to reveal at today’s 7 September launch 7 Sep 201615 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Apple reveals it has sold its billionth iPhone 27 Jul 201623 Shares Companies Apple puts Bob Mansfield in charge of Project Titan car project 26 Jul 201611 Shares Gear Return of the Mac: Is Apple planning a major reveal for 27 October? 19 Oct 20169 Shares Latest News Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 7 hours ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 7 hours ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 7 hours ago World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub 8 hours ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 11 hours ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 11 hours ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 13 hours ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 13 hours ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 13 hours ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 13 hours ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 14 hours ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 15 hours ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 15 hours ago 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 15 hours ago 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code 15 hours ago Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal 15 hours ago Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 15 hours ago Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle 16 hours ago DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats 16 hours ago Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training 17 hours ago Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 3 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 3 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkish businessman wants stronger migrant, Trump ties Features archive Turkish professor highlights steps to prevent diabetes Features archive Turkey to become high purity boron producer Features archive Wanted HDP deputies meet European Parliament group head Features archive Explosion rocks industrial zone in Istanbul Features archive world middle east Houthis, pro-govt forces clash in Yemen’s north, east Features archive UNRWA employees march in Gaza to protest ‘failures’ Features archive Settler eviction from outpost to go ahead: Israel court Features archive Iran, China agree to bolster military, defense ties Features archive europe British hacking suspect to be extradited to US Features archive EU security depends on Turkey's stability: Hungarian FM Features archive Wanted HDP deputies meet European Parliament group head Features archive FM Steinmeier likely to become next German president Features archive americas Canada wants $180B in foreign investment Features archive Turkish businessman wants stronger migrant, Trump ties Features archive British hacking suspect to be extradited to US Features archive John Kerry arrives in Muscat to discuss Yemen conflict Features archive africa South African minister linked to rhino horn trafficker Features archive DRC: 5 killed as gunmen attack minister's convoy Features archive Sudan’s Bashir suspends peace talks with rebels Features archive South Sudan sees Trump win as chance for stability Features archive asia - pacific Iran, China agree to bolster military, defense ties Features archive Japan says military deal with SKorea to be signed Features archive Malaysia begins pilot job project for Rohingya refugees Features archive Philippine police chief: US guns deal back on for now Features archive economy Turkey to become high purity boron producer Features archive China Turkey's 'friend in need': China foreign minister Features archive Turkey plans citizenship for long-term investors Features archive Erdogan calls on Turkish entrepreneurs to invest Features archive Pakistan, China start using $46bn economic corridor Features archive politics British hacking suspect to be extradited to US Features archive Egypt slaps son of Muslim scholar with 3 years in jail Features archive China Turkey's 'friend in need': China foreign minister Features archive UK foreign minister warns against isolating Turkey Features archive John Kerry arrives in Muscat to discuss Yemen conflict Features archive sports Thousands run in 38th Vodafone Istanbul Marathon Features archive Football: Turkey defeat Kosovo 2-0 Features archive Istanbul Marathon to be run for July 15 martyrs Features archive FIFA row over wartime emblem prompts poppy debate Features archive Football: Fenerbahce's Van Persie says eye 'undamaged' Features archive health Turkish professor highlights steps to prevent diabetes Features archive Trump outlines US health care plan to replace Obamacare Features archive Turkey releases refugee healthcare data Features archive Prayers and songs mark Sierra Leone's Ebola anniversary Features archive Somalia opens first graduate health science school Features archive infographics photo Rafah border gate reopened for four days First anniversary of the Paris terror attacks Protest for Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails Anti-Trump Protest in Los Angeles Super moon in Chicago video video gallery FETO EXPOSED: Salih Mehmet Dagkoy and his IT Partners First anniversary of the Paris terror attacks FSA launches new phase to liberate Syria's Al-Bab Anti-FETO banners in protest in Pennsylvania multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Apple’s earnings decline in 4Q Earnings report shows income, iPhone sales dipping compared to 2015 home > economy, science-technology, americas 26.10.2016 Barry Eitel California Features archive related news Turkey's Borsa Istanbul rebounds after recent slump US: FBI wants to unlock Minnesota attacker’s iPhone IMF warns against $152T global debt Apple sells out of iPhone 7 models Apple users report major glitch as iOS 10 released By Barry Eitel SAN FRANCISCO  Apple saw a significant drop in revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 compared to the same period a year ago, the company said Tuesday. The device maker earned a net income of $9 billion from revenues of $46.9 billion from July to September. Investors earned $1.67 per share, about one cent above most analysts’ expectations. During the same period in 2015, Apple had a net income of $11.1 billion off $51.5 billion in revenues, and investors earned $1.96 per share. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” chief executive Tim Cook said in a statement. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” Apple said it sold 45.5 million iPhones across the globe during the quarter, with sales down about 5 percent from the 48 million units during the same period in 2015. Showcasing the international appeal of its products, the company noted that 62 percent of the quarter’s sales were from outside the United States. Sales in Europe and Japan increased compared to a year ago, while sales in the Americas fell slightly. China has proven a difficult market for Apple to crack; sales there declined 30 percent year-over-year. Stocks of Apple closed at $118.25, about half a percent up from the previous day. Once the earnings report was released after the close of markets, however, after-hours trading was turbulent and shares dipped more than 2 percent. Apple believes it will earn revenues between $76 billion and $78 billion next quarter, an increase from $75.9 billion earned in the first quarter of 2016. The first fiscal quarter, which encompasses the busy holiday shopping season, is usually the strongest of the year for Apple. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 20 : 38 Turkey Wanted HDP deputies meet European Parliament group head 17 : 36 europe Bulgarian PM resigns after presidential election result 17 : 27 Turkey Explosion rocks industrial zone in Istanbul 16 : 50 politics China Turkey's 'friend in need': China foreign minister 16 : 32 Turkey 6 PKK terrorists killed in SE Turkey and northern Iraq 14 : 58 Turkey Turkey's FETO terror group 'set up match-making agency' 14 : 40 world Syrians grateful to Turkey for ridding north of terror 14 : 21 Turkey Turkish court passes FETO propaganda sentence 14 : 10 Turkey Erdogan's 2-day visit to Pakistan begins Wednesday 13 : 45 politics John Kerry arrives in Muscat to discuss Yemen conflict 13 : 11 Turkey Turkey: Sirnak residents return after 246-day curfew 12 : 40 politics Egypt reopens Gaza crossing for 5 days 12 : 14 world Cambodia resettlement deal still stands, official says 11 : 54 politics Australia-US refugee deal not discussed with Trump: PM 11 : 52 Turkey Turkish jets destroy Daesh targets in Syria's Al-Bab 11 : 49 politics Pro-Russian candidate wins Moldovan presidency 10 : 57 world Violence kills 10 in south-western Yemen 10 : 10 politics China’s Xi to Trump: Cooperation is only right choice 09 : 27 world Nine killed in bombs, shootings around Baghdad 08 : 46 politics Myanmar reports more fatal clashes in Rakhine analysis news What can Turkey expect from Trump? How huge China investment in Bangladesh affects region Trump win promises new phase in Turkey-US relations Strengthening Turkish state institutions Trump, Republican-led Congress need compromise: experts Apple’s earnings decline in 4Q 1 / 1 Apple’s earnings decline in 4Q analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2016
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:42 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Updates and fixes in store for iOS and Android Wednesday October 26, 2016 06:02 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Najib: Malaysia keen on stronger ties with US, with or without TPP The Edit: Frida Kahlo painting, unseen for 60 years, surfaces for sale Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article First updates in store for iOS 10 and Android 7. — AFP pic SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 26 — A few weeks after launching the latest versions of their mobile operating systems iOS and Android, Apple and Google are both rolling out updates to fix bugs and bring new functions to the platforms. iOS 10.1 The main role of this iOS 10 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is to fix various bugs, a little over a month after its initial launch.  Owners of Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus will also be getting a new “Portrait” mode for the camera (in beta), which blurs the background to make the subject stand out (a technique known as bokeh in the world of photography).  Apple promises a host of bug fixes, plus improved Bluetooth connectivity and support for headphones over the Lightning connection.  Note that Apple is updating its watchOS (3.1) system too, fixing playlist syncing issues. Android 7.1 This first update for Android Nougat is only aimed at developers for the moment. It brings several new features that will be rolled out to users at a later date. These include custom shortcuts to specific functions within applications, a night mode, a quick restart function and new emojis (jobs, sports, etc.).  Google promises improved memory management too, allowing users to delete several applications at once, for example.  Android 7.1 is also compatible with Daydream, Google’s virtual reality platform. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says fake news didn’t drive election (VIDEO) Sony seeks to patent method for measuring journalists' accuracy The best action cams for winter sports Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon Apple now sells refurbished iPhones Robotic dinosaur replicas stomp in Tokyo hotel (VIDEO) Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says fake news didn’t drive election (VIDEO) Malaysian gaming content exports soar 75pc to RM80m Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Reuters Video: Reflection ‘healthy’ for Democratic party, says Obama 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Huawei wants to beat Apple in smartphones in two years TAG Heuer invades Apple’s home turf with Silicon Valley office Apple’s new laptop gets more touchy, but not on its screen Apple seeks to reclaim lost PC market share with new Macs Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple iPhone sales down again, but Services are exploding Apple iPhone sales down again, but Services are exploding by Chris Smith 25 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments iPhone sales continue to slide as Apple announced a third straight quarter of slumping revenues. However, the soaring Services division continues to paper over hardware cracks. Cupertino sold 45.51m iPhones during the three months ending September 30, which is down 5.2 per cent on the same period last year. Revenue dropped off 9% year-on-year, to $46.9 billion. Today’s report only includes one week of iPhone 7 sales, so the figure is by no means a reflection on how those devices are selling. Related: iPhone 7 review For what it’s worth, CEO Tim Cook said said he was “thrilled” with the reception and told shareholders he expects iPhone 7 stocks to bounce back in the run up to the holidays. iPhone 7 Plus sales might take a little longer to reach equilibrium, he said. However, in more hardware-related woes, iPad sales are down 6% and Macs 14%, although the latter can expect a boost in the next quarter with the expected release of the MacBook Pro refresh. Of course, Apple offered no specifics on the Apple Watch. It wasn’t all doom and gloom for though. The exploding Services division (Apple Pay, App Store, Apple Music, iCloud, etc.) was up 24% to hit all-time record revenues of $6.3 billion. Apple Pay, for instance, enjoyed more transactions in the last three months than in the entirety of 2015, with transactions up 500% year on year. Music revenue was up 22%. Cook suggested there'll be a return to growth when Apple reports the holiday quarter results at the end of January. Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 - Head-to-Head Will the rapid increase in Apple's services business eventually offset the inevitable slowing of iPhone sales? Share your thoughts below. Latest Deals From Ebay APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS BLACK ROSE GOLD SILVER 32GB 128GB 256GB UNLOCKED $1,399.74 View Item APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS BLACK ROSE GOLD SILVER 32GB 128GB 256GB UNLOCKED $1,174.74 View Item APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS BLACK ROSE GOLD SILVER 32GB 128GB 256GB UNLOCKED $1,029.74 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Apple Earnings: Are iPhones Poised for a Big Rebound? placeholderThe iPhone is doing better in unit sales, but revenue is a problem for Apple. By Erik Sherman Erik Sherman's work has appeared in such publications as The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times Magazine, and Fortune. He also writes at Fortune.com and Forbes.com. @ErikSherman Contributor, Inc.com@ErikSherman WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Apple, once the untouchable darling of tech devotees, has had problems. The iPhone slump has been painful and a concern for entrepreneurs who targeted that market with add-on products and services. And there have been signs that the brand has lost some of its shine. In today's earnings announcement, Apple's 45.5 million iPhones sold for the quarter that ended last month was better than expected by analysts. So was the $1.67 per share in diluted earnings. But quarterly revenue of $4placeholder6.9 billion was below analyst estimations. There continue to be the same big weaknesses that have faced the company for some time. But, at least on the iPhone front, there is some indication that the current quarter, through the holiday season, could be a real barn burner in unit sales. Look at my running chart of product sales from the beginning of the company's fiscal year 2012 (roughly October through September) to the current Q4 of FY 2016. placeholder The annual pattern to consider is the period of Q4 going into Q1. Q4 has become when Apple announces and starts to ship new iPhone models while Q1 is the big end of year sales season, when company product sales of the iPhone tend to take off. This year, Q4 iPhone sales were 45.5 million units. In FY2015, a year when Apple was arguably doing a lot more than usual to pump up to unit sales of the iPhone, the number was 45.5 million. And in FY2014, the Q4 number was 39.3 million. Now, remembering that Q1 of a fiscal year is for all practical purposes the same as Q4 of the previous calendar year, FY2015 Q1 sales were 74.5 million. For FY2016, Q1 sales were 74.8 million. And for FY2017 we don't yet know. But, the number of iPhones sold in the quarter just ended blew out what we saw in 2014, which was just before the total number jumped up to a level far beyond anything seen before. The next year's Q4 sales, slightly higher than what we just saw, led to the biggest number of iPhones ever sold. And that, again, was with Apple pulling out every stop and using every trick. As I said back in July: "There's a chance that the upcoming iPhone 7 will give consumers so much wallet itch that units jump up again." Given that fiscal fourth quarter (calendar third quarter) sales were so high even with the advance knowledge of a new version coming out, I think there's a good chance that current quarter could be a banner year for the iPhone, and, therefore, for all the entrepreneurs that make accessories, apps, and services for the device's users. And the way Samsung shot itself in the foot with the Galaxy Note 7 is only helping. That's good news for Apple-centric entrepreneurs. However, the company still has its ongoing issues. The iPad continues its unit sales decline and Macs are still largely flat. "Other products," which includes the Apple Watch, would be decent for normal companies but not that significant in revenue generation here. Services continue their growth, but haven't ramped up. So while entrepreneurs for the time being can probably relax a bit about Apple's short-term prospects, investors still have to worry about the medium term. There's nothing currently on the horizon that can take pressure off iPhone sales, and that's a dangerous position to be in. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Oct 25, 2016 Advertisement
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple reports Q4 2016 results, including 45.5 million iPhones sold iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 25, 2016 26 shares 19 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Apple today released its results for the fourth quarter of its fiscal 2016. During the three-month period that ended on September 24, Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones, down slightly year-over-year (YoY) from the 48 million iPhones that Apple sold in Q4 2015. iPad sales for Q4 2016 finished at 9.3 million, down YoY from 9.9 million in Q4 2015. Mac sales for Q4 2016 finished at 4.9 million. That, too, is down from Q4 2015, when Apple moved 5.7 million Macs. Moving over to financials, Apple posted a quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and a quarterly income of $9 billion. Both numbers are down YoY, with Apple pulling in $51.5 billion in revenue and $11.1 billion in income in Q4 2015. Here’s what Apple CEO Time Cook had to say about his company’s Q4 2016 performance: “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple. We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” This is the third straight quarter that Apple’s iPhone sales have been down year-over-year. Of course, iPhone sales had to slow at some point, because eventually Apple would run out of people to sell iPhones too. It’ll be interesting to see if this trend continues for a fourth quarter or if the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus can perform well during the holiday season and reverse this trend of slowing iPhone sales. Source:  Apple iOS Apple Previous ArticleApple AirPods delayed because they're not ready for consumers Next ArticleApple Watch Nike+ will launch on October 28 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Xiaomi brings us one step closer to a bezel-less future ZTE ZMax Pro launching at T-Mobile today Samsung Pay expanding to new countries, adding support for nearby deals and in-app purchases Google says demand for Pixel phones has exceeded expectations View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 20 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 7681 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales. Post to Facebook Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eOm5xd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 17 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 11:07 a.m. EDT October 26, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Apple beat analyst estimates of earnings per share and iPhone units sold, but not revenue. USA TODAY The Apple logo. (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY) 7681 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales. The Silicon Valley company's fiscal year 2016 revenue of $215.6 billion declined 8% from the $233.7 billion it rang up the previous fiscal year. It's the first drop for Apple since 2001, shortly before the release of the iPod and the company's comeback under then-CEO Steve Jobs. The fourth-quarter results, announced after the close of markets, marked Apple's third consecutive quarter of declining revenue and iPhone shipments. Apple reported earnings of $1.67 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion, compared with $1.96 and revenue of $51.5 billion in the same quarter a year ago. The performance was roughly in line with analysts' forecasts of earnings of $1.63 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion. Apple had provided guidance of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion. Shipments of iPhones, meanwhile, were 45.5 million, down 5% from 48 million in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected 44.8 million, perhaps an indication that Apple has benefited, in part, from Samsung's problems with its now-defunct Note 7 phablet and an extra week in September. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Another blemish on the Apple report: China was down 30% year over year in the fourth quarter. The news, announced after markets closed, sent shares of the Cupertino, Calif.-based company skidding 3%, to $114.86, in extended trading. "It was a very strong quarter" with continued improvement in iPhone shipments year over year, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a conference call following the earnings announcement. He lauded the performance of its services business, which vaulted 24%, to a record $6.3 billion. But he grew testy when an analyst pressed him on Apple's "grand strategy." The annual decline did not surprise analysts because Apple has "telegraphed" it for some time, says Bill Kreher, technology analyst for Edward Jones. He, like many of his peers, predict a rebound in fiscal year 2017 when Apple is expected to unveil the 10th-anniversary iPhone, which could be a big seller. The company is expected to unfurl new Macs on Thursday. Indeed, Apple offered guidance in its December quarter of a whopping $76 billion to $78 billion in revenue. The holiday season is the company's blockbuster quarter. The company's cash pile, meanwhile, reached a record $237.6 billion. USA TODAY Apple to debut new Macs on Oct. 27 The enhanced product lines should “enlarge (Apple’s) installed base” and elevate its high-margin services business," Kreher says, pointing to Apple's burgeoning unit that includes Apple Store, Apple Music and Apple Pay. "This as one of the more reliable ways to gauge the strength of Apple’s ecosystem," says David Kretzmann, senior analyst at Motley Fool, a financial services company. Apple's breakneck growth over the past 15 years highlights how far it has come from its last dip in annual revenue, analysts say. In fiscal year 2001, it reported $5.4 billion in sales. Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. 7681 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eOm5xd
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Apple’s quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Apple’s quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December. By: AP | San Francisco | Published:October 26, 2016 3:18 am Apple sales on decline. (file) Apple says it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the last quarter, 5 percent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company’s rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. Apple reported Tuesday that its revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. Profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion. The results are a reflection of lukewarm interest in last year’s iPhone models. Apple released two new models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, just two weeks before the quarter ended. Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines. Analysts say that’s a good indicator for 2017. The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple’s biggest. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaChill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them IndiaKadak like my chai, rich don’t like it: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaNo regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu IndiaPakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC IndiaPanama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentITA Awards 2016: Mouni Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia emerge big winners, see pics, video EntertainmentSalman Khan is spoiling nephew Ahil and Arpita Khan Sharma has proof, see pics Must Read SportsIndia vs England: Slow to adopt, now learning on the job SportsBCCI gets Lodha approval to pay Rajasthan players SportsRanji Trophy 2016: More brain than brawn TechnologyDemonetisation: Now, a tool to find ATMs with money across India TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8 model numbers leaked TechnologyDemonetisation effect: Here's how to sign-up for Paytm, Mobikwik and use the e-wallets  Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: India celebrates Gurpurab with great fanfare Nov 15: Latest News US President-elect Donald Trump could return Iraq war boosters to power Punjabis react to Trump’s decision to deport illegal immigrants: ‘May affect economy, hit unscrupulous travel agents’ Securities and Exchange Commission Chair leaving at end of Obama administration INLD hits out at Congress, BJP for ‘doublespeak’ Punjab, Haryana should resolve SYL issue amicably: BJP union minister Narendra Singh Tomar                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BAD APPLE Apple’s sales and profit fell for the first time since 2001 Written by Dave Gershgorn October 25, 2016 Apple needs a Swift turnaround. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn October 25, 2016 Apple’s meteoric rise in the last 15 years has been punctuated by devices that changed the landscape of personal computing: the iPod, iPhone, and iPad. But the company has hit its first real bump in that remarkable run, and 2016 marked the first year since 2001 that Apple posted an annual decline in revenue and profit (Apple’s fiscal year ended Sept. 24). The company reported $46.9 billion in revenue for the fourth quarter, down about 9% from a year earlier. It was the third consecutive quarter of declining revenue for the company. Sales for the year were $215.6 billion, compared to $233.7 billion in fiscal 2015. Apple stock is down about 2% in after-hours trading. People are buying more iPhones Sales of Apple’s keystone product, the iPhone, rebounded in line with Apple’s forecast. Just a few weeks of iPhone 7 sales are included in this round of earnings, and Q4 is typically slow for Apple. The company sold 45.5 million iPhones in Q4, slightly higher than the 45 million units predicted by analysts. All those iPhones resulted in Apple beating year-over-year figures in 33 of their 40 markets, CEO Tim Cook told investors in a call after the earnings were reported. Apple points to new iPhone growth in Canada and Europe, although overall sales declined in the crucial China market 30% year-over-year. The holiday rush typically provides a big push at the start of its fiscal year, and a full quarter of iPhone 7 sales should also help. Apple said it expects revenue of $76 billion to $78 billion in the quarter. That would put it back in positive growth territory; it recorded $75.9 billion in sales in the first quarter of 2015. Next year looks to be the real one to watch for Apple, due to the highly-anticipated iPhone 8—a rumored complete overhaul of the phone. Anticipation is so high that iPhone 8 leaks were seen before the iPhone 7 was announced. More trouble in China While Apple is expanding its presence in Japan and Europe, the company’s woes in China continued. China has proven to be a tough hurdle for Apple, as a recent glut of high-end domestic smartphones from manufacturers like Xiaomi and Huawei have hit the market. Apple has also had iBooks and sections of iTunes shut down in China, due to national regulation. The company is still pushing hard to reach China and its 1.3 billion residents, evidenced by a $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing startup Didi Chuxing, a new research and development center located in the country, and multiple recent visits by Cook. Services keep shining Services continued to be a bright spot, though it still makes up just a small piece of the company’s overall revenue. Revenue from the category, which includes iCloud, Apple Music services, and Apple Care, increased 24% during the quarter to $6.3 billion. On the call, Cook said the services numbers were bolstered by a 22% jump in music revenue. He also talked up Apple Pay, saying transactions grew 500% year-over-year, and that more transactions were made in September 2016 than the entire year of 2015. Revenue from every product that Apple makes (the iPhone, Mac and their “Other Products” category, which covers the Apple Watch and Apple TV) fell during the quarter—except the iPad, which did not see any change. Despite the revenue staying flat, Apple shipped 6% fewer iPads than Q4 2015. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Sales of iPhones up in Q4 as Apple exceeds expectations Bounce in sales from new devices and further benefit may come from Samsung problems Tue, Oct 25, 2016, 22:04 Updated: Tue, Oct 25, 2016, 22:31 Ciara O'Brien The company sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three-month period ended September 24th, compared with 40.4 million in the previous quarter. Photograph: Don Emmertdon/AFP/Getty Images         Sales of Apple’s iPhone rose in the final quarter of the year exceeding expectations, and the company said revenue in the current quarter would be between $76 billion and $78 billion. The company sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three-month period ended September 24th, compared to 40.4 million in the previous quarter. However, sales were still lower year on year, with Apple selling 48.05 million smartphones in the fourth quarter of 2015. Sales of its iPad tablet were almost 9.3 million for the quarter, down from 9.9 million in the third quarter. The latest results cover the launch period for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus , Apple’s newest smartphones, which were announced on September 7th and went on sale week after preorders opened, hitting the market on September 16th. Fuze fights to bring back the jack to iPhone 7 Intel case could change flavour of €13bn Apple ruling Review: Apple Watch Series 2 – same looks, slightly better performance Apple has seen growth in its iPhone sales stall in recent quarters as an increasingly saturated smartphone market and tougher competition from lower cost Chinese rivals. Customers are also hanging on to their handsets for longer. Slowing pace Analysts had expected to see a slowing in the pace of decline in iPhone sales as a result of the release of the new devices, despite a mixed reaction to the new smartphones. Apple may also yet see a bounce in its sales as a result of the withdrawal of the Samsung Note 7, its rivals’ troubled smartphone that was discontinued following a spate of fire incidents. Apple’s total revenue fell 9 per cent year on year to $46.85 billion, declining for the third quarter in a row. The company had predicted revenue of between $45.5 billion and $47.5 billion for the three-month period. Sales in China have also been under the spotlight in recent quarters, showing a decline in the second and third quarters of the year in what has been deemed an important market for Apple. ADVERTISEMENT Apple has turned to other revenue streams in recent months, including its streaming music service Apple Music , as it builds its services revenue. That sector grew 24 per cent in the fourth quarter. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive. The company is set to unveil new MacBook machines at an event on October 27th, with a significant update for its MacBook Pro expected for the first time in several years.       Topics: Apple Samsung Read More No state-aid inquiries expected after Apple case, says Kenny Apple fears for €850m Athenry data centre after residents’ court bid Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 00:01 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 2 Starting out on your own: nine things NOT to do 3 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 4 Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 5 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 6 Ireland’s GDP figures: Why 26% economic growth is a problem 7 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam 8 Irish businesses get chance to pitch to Richard Branson 9 Paul Krugman: US election rigged against Hillary Clinton 10 Brush-maker that's swept the competition aside Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival December 6 Pandora Premium will take on upstart rivals Spotify and Apple Music with the $10-a-month, on-demand music subscription it could never offer before. Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival December 6 0 Share: Digital Media by Joan E. Solsman October 25, 2016 2:32 PM PDT @joan_e Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Pandora will unveil its answer to Spotify and Apple Music later this year, rolling out a paid, on-demand service after more than a decade of digital radio that crimped skips and song choice. The new service will be presented on December 6 at an event in New York and will roll out to consumers in the first three months of next year, the company said Tuesday. Last month, the veteran digital radio company revamped its $5-a-month subscription into Pandora Plus, stripping out commercials and letting members listen offline. It also began letting all listeners -- even if they're listening free with ads -- skip more songs and replay tracks. But the main event for Pandora has always been a planned launch of a fully on-demand service that competes with the likes of Spotify and Apple Music. Pandora Premium is a cornerstone of what Pandora hopes will be the company's rebirth. For more than a decade, Pandora's digital radio offered little control over what songs listeners heard. While Pandora battled the recording industry and rigid license rules, Spotify and Apple Music secured more modern deals that allowed listeners to hear whatever they wanted. The upstart on-demand services have grown at a breakneck pace, and Pandora began to stagnate. Spotify this year eclipsed Pandora in total listeners. Tuesday, Pandora CEO Tim Westergren said Premium would be a full, interactive, on-demand service that will have all the features of Pandora Plus, as well as the ability to search for and play songs and to build playlists. It will have other features that the company will unveil at the launch of the service in New York in December. While speaking at a presentation to analysts on Tuesday, Westergren predicted that Pandora would hit 11.3 million subscribers in 2020. Spotify and Apple Music, which are both widely available internationally, have 40 million and 17 million subscribers, respectively. Pandora operates only in the US, Australia and New Zealand. Chief Product Officer Chris Philips said that Pandora Plus, the $5-a-month option launched last month, has in two weeks racked up 250,000 conversions -- people who used to be free listeners but are now paying. That's a run-rate for 6.5 million members annually, but the momentum of memberships can ebb and flow. Tags Digital Media Pandora Related Stories Roc Nation clashes with Prince estate over streaming rights 'The Martian' test: Is VR for more than just gamers? Google Play Music revamp taps into your life to suggest songs Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK, with Echo as its secret weapon Close   Discuss: Pandora will strike up its Spotify rival... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
   Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates Wheels News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment If AT&T swallows Time Warner, who might be gobbled up next? October 25, 2016 - Business - Tagged: ra_business, Social media, Verizon LOS ANGELES – Wall Street gave a cool reception Monday to AT&T’s plan to buy Time Warner Inc., illustrating sharply divergent views on whether the blockbuster deal will usher in a new era of media consolidation or merely more scrutiny from federal regulators. But the uncertainty didn’t stop some analysts from speculating about various combinations that could transform the media business – tantalizing pairings of tech giants with studios, and cable companies with wireless carriers. A motivator for more deal-making: survival. Traditional media companies are girding for battle with tech powerhouses Google, Facebook, Apple and Amazon.com. Amazon and Netflix already have made aggressive moves into producing Hollywood content. “Overall, we believe we are likely one more deal away from potentially reshaping the landscape for at least a decade,” Barclay’s Equity Research analyst Kannan Venkateshwar wrote in a Monday report. “We are in the midst of a great convergence cycle, which is likely to impact business models for years to come.” AT&T’s top executive said Monday that he didn’t want his Dallas company to get trampled in the stampede. “The convergence in terms of media and distribution is moving fast,” AT&T Chairman and Chief Executive Randall Stephenson told analysts in a conference call. “We want to be at the front of it. We don’t want to be chasing it.” Analysts were split on whether AT&T’s move would spur other companies to combine. Several attributed AT&T’s play as a way to position itself as a more robust competitor to Google and Facebook, which capture the lion’s share of online advertising, and Amazon and Apple, which have strong customer relations. “These are the big bullies on the playground now,” said Laura Martin, a managing director at Needham & Co. “And AT&T will be roughly the same size if it is allowed to buy Time Warner.” Some observers believe that another cellphone giant, Verizon Communications, might be interested in buying CBS and Viacom to bulk up in a similar way that AT&T is trying to do with its acquisition of Time Warner, which owns HBO, CNN, TBS and Hollywood’s largest film and television studio, Warner Bros. CBS Corp. is mulling whether to recombine with Viacom Inc., which owns Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central and Paramount Pictures – a marriage proposed by the controlling shareholder family of Sumner Redstone. Viacom and CBS were part of the same company until Redstone divided his empire in 2006 to untangle the assets that he had spent years putting together. Tech giants like Apple, Google and Amazon are seen as likely players in the entertainment industry and could be interested in buying content firms. Apple and Google were even rumored as possible alternative bidders for Time Warner. Many have speculated that Apple Inc., which is sitting on more than $200 billion in cash, might buy a content company to jump start its Apple TV service. Amazon, the Seattle-based e-commerce giant, has invested heavily in creating its own original TV shows and movies for its Prime streaming service. Meanwhile, Google’s hugely popular YouTube is ramping up original video content for its Red subscriptions service. One of the biggest question marks is Walt Disney Co.’s next move. The conglomerate’s growth over the last decade has been largely fueled by the addition of such juggernaut properties as Pixar Animation, Marvel Entertainment and Lucasfilm. This summer, Disney paid $1 billion for a stake in BamTech, the technology company created by Major League Baseball that builds streaming services. Analysts believe that Disney is keenly interested in diversifying distribution channels because its profit engine, ESPN, has lost millions of subscribers as more consumers trim or ditch their pay-TV bundles. At an investor conference last month, Chief Executive Robert Iger described BamTech as “a great way for us to move ESPN and probably other Disney assets onto digital mobile platforms in a more effective way.” This fall, Disney looked at buying social messaging service Twitter but took a pass. “If they did make any move into distribution, Netflix would be the way to do it,” said Scott Krisiloff, chief investment officer at Avondale Asset Management, which is not an investor in Disney. “That’s something I could see Disney doing.” Disney, Netflix, CBS and Viacom declined to comment. Streaming service Netflix has been a darling of Wall Street because of its rapid growth in subscribers, but that also makes the company more expensive for a potential buyer. Netflix’s market capitalization is $55 billion. Should AT&T be successful in gobbling up Time Warner, it could encourage cable giants like Comcast Corp. and Charter Communications to pursue deals with mobile carriers like T-Mobile or Sprint, said Matthew Harrigan, media analyst for Wunderlich Securities. The AT&T-Time Warner deal “could make it more imperative for Comcast to have a robust mobile offering,” Harrigan said. Comcast, which acquired NBCUniversal five years ago, and Charter, which bought Time Warner Cable in May, have already announced their intentions of seguing into the wireless carrier space. Comcast plans next year to begin offering a branded cellphone service within its current service areas. It has an agreement with Verizon to use its wireless network for the planned service. However, Harrigan and other analysts don’t expect a wave of deals to acquire big content companies because there aren’t that many attractive options available. Some media companies such as 21st Century Fox are owned by families who would be loathe to relinquish them. Lionsgate, the studio best known for “The Hunger Games” film franchise, could be a logical purchase for anyone looking to own more movie and television content. The studio has a growing TV production business. Lionsgate’s stock has fallen about 48 percent in the last year, thanks to a rocky film slate, and the company is in the process of buying cable channel Starz for $4.4 billion – which could make it more difficult to swallow. Sony Pictures, owned by Japanese technology giant Sony Corp., has also been mentioned as a target for a tech company or a Chinese firm. (China’s Dalian Wanda Group wanted to buy a large stake in Viacom’s Paramount Pictures before Sumner and Shari Redstone said no.) Though it has struggled at the box office, Sony has valuable movie franchises such as “Spider-Man” and James Bond, and makes popular TV shows including “The Blacklist” and “Shark Tank.” Nonetheless, Sony Corp. CEO Kazuo Hirai has insisted he is not looking to sell the operation. “The studio is an important driver of future growth for Sony, and it has for years been the cornerstone of Sony’s value-chain strategy,” Hirai told Worldscreen, an international TV trade magazine, this month. Smaller players like Discovery Communications, Scripps Networks Interactive, which owns HGTV and Food Network, and AMC Networks Inc., which boasts “The Walking Dead,” often are considered takeover candidates, but none would be nearly as big of a coup as acquiring Time Warner. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related More articles from Business New Macs, Lenovo laptop make traditional keyboards touchy Amazon looks to clean house – literally App watch: The apps you must download immediately CNET: Which smart bulbs should you use with Alexa? Drowning in a sea of messaging apps Tech review: Google’s entry into smartphone design has some very cool features Grubhub CEO backtracks after asking Trump supporters to quit Salisbury Bank debit cards experience brief problem Yahoo took its time investigating massive security breach FuelCell sells in Germany Little People, Dungeons & Dragons top Toy Hall of Fame class Trump pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare. Can he really do it? The economy that Trump inherits: Durable but sluggish Connecticut, 14 other states settle case against Adobe Trump rally in stock markets still has legs Can the winner deliver? Snowflakes, Santa look to be back on Starbucks holiday cups Trump takes bite out of TV political ad revenue Workers as it cuts small car production US stocks gain following Trump victory; bond prices tumble Official: Hot bulb hitting cardboard sparked massive NY fire Markets Right Now: US stocks open broadly lower Trump’s conciliatory speech helps soothe market concerns Trump’s conciliatory speech helps soothe market concerns Trump victory increases uncertainties for global economy Dow futures, Asian shares tumble as Trump leads vote count US stocks close broadly higher as investors eye election China’s October exports fall in new sign of global weakness Embattled Valeant Pharma reports 3Q loss, slashes guidance Tesla inks deal to buy German manufacturing engineering firm Latest News Fighting fire with fire in Cornwall 2 hours ago Connecticut senators denounce White House appointment 4 hours ago Lewis Mills girls 1 win away from another state final 5 hours ago PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer 5 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Picken’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Connecticut Open Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Lifestyle Videos    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top 25 football poll Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should regional health districts be consolidated into eight county districts? Yes, it will mean more resources and better efficiency. No, it will mean more costs and bigger bureaucracy. I don't know. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments judysoc on Connecticut senators denounce White House appointment allphie on Connecticut senators denounce White House appointment raycity222 on Grubhub CEO backtracks after asking Trump supporters to quit gr8ful on PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer gr8ful on Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 11/12/2016 08-17-20-27-52 PB-24Next Drawing: Wed. Nov. 16Next Jackpot: $293.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $185.0 Mega Millions for 11/11/2016 16-40-47-53-59 MB-11 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 15Next Jackpot: $73.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $45.4 Lotto! for 11/11/2016 10-11-12-26-27-30Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 15Next Jackpot: $1.3 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,059,000 Lucky for Life for 11/10/2016 08-10-12-20-35 LB-11Next Drawing: Mon. Nov. 14 Cash5 for 11/13/2016 05-13-16-27-34 Upcoming Events Oct 17 Mon all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 17 – Nov 14 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 18 Tue all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 18 – Nov 15 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 19 Wed all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 19 – Nov 16 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 20 Thu all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 20 – Nov 17 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. 9:00 am Snowflake Fiar @ Seymour Congregational Church Snowflake Fiar @ Seymour Congregational Church Oct 20 @ 9:00 am – Nov 19 @ 3:00 pm The Seymour Congregational Church, 45 Broad St., will host their twenty-eighth annual Snowflake Fair, Saturday, Nov. 19 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. The fair will include raffles, homemade crafts, craft area for the kids, breakfast, lunch and a Christmas... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Manufacturing Bridgeport Fittings, in business since 1925, is a leading manufacturer of conduit and cable fittings. Currently, we seek the following: Maintenance Worker (2nd Shift) - Perform general maintenance, repairs, basic carpentry, painting, plumbing, landscaping and cleaning service functions. Proficiency in the use of hand and power tools necessary, and must have own tools. Maintain records, […] WATERBURY/WOLCOTT LINE WATERBURY/WOLCOTT LINE 2br $800 utilities not included. No pets. Call 860-601-1282 Reader Photos - Post your photo Groot in CT AT the CT Rennasaince Fair ... My car this is my car ... Forest Fairy A Forest Fairy ... Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:53 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 7 mins Apple profit slips, but gains in servicesBy Sophie Estienne, with Rob Lever in Washington | AFP – Tue, Oct 25, 2016 10:40 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on its move to ease dependence on its smartphone. The company said Tuesday that profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending September 24. Revenue fell nine percent to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. Apple closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. - More than devicemaker - Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a devicemaker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," Gillett said. Apple's results showed a six percent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 percent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 percent from a year to $8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 percent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7569 +0.0013 +0.17% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6050 +0.0006 +0.10% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7026 -0.0005 -0.07% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How to tell if you have a fake iPhone cable or charger Chris Mills BGR NewsOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple made headlines recently when it sued an Amazon seller over fake Lightning cables. According to the lawsuit filed by Apple, the company spent the last nine months buying iPhone cables, chargers and devices on Amazon. It determined that "almost 90 percent" of those products are counterfeit in some way. If Apple's claims are true, there's a very good chance you have some fake iPhone accessories lying around your house. At worst, fake chargers can seriously damage your device and cause fires; at best, they'll just last for less time than a real cable. Here's how to tell the difference. DON'T MISS: Apple’s new MacBook Pro with touch bar on keyboard leaks ahead of reveal As Lifehacker spotted, Apple has an entire support page dedicated to telling the difference between fake cables and the real thing. It's also worth mentioning that there are two different standards to look for here. Apple produces and sells its own iPhone accessories, but it also certifies third-party accessories (although not the standard USB-to-Lightning cable!) under the "Made for iPhone" program. Under the terms of that agreement, manufacturers pay a licensing fee to Apple to use the Lightning port and Apple's proprietary design and circuitry. That makes accessories more expensive, but it also makes them far more likely to work correctly. img_10122014_150204More The MFi logo should be found on the packaging of any officially certified accessory, like battery chargers, cases, docks or speakers -- basically, anything that attaches to your iPhone. There's one exception to this, though -- Apple doesn't certify any USB-C to Lightning cables, so any of those with an "Made for iPhone" logo is guaranteed to be fake. As for spotting counterfeit cables against the genuine Apple product, there's plenty of details on Apple's site. "An Apple Lightning to USB cable has "Designed by Apple in California" and either "Assembled in China," "Assembled in Vietnam," or "Indústria Brasileira" on the cable about seven inches from the USB connector. You'll see a 12-digit serial number at the end of this text." Apple also provides a series of images to compare details between the genuine Apple cables and what you have have received. apple-counterfeit-lightning-cableMore As for the chargers, the most important thing is to verify the power that the charger is capable of. USB ports and chargers can put out varying amounts of power. The big iPad chargers are more powerful than the smaller iPhone chargers, for example. Using a charger that's underpowered will damage your battery life and charge your phone more slowly, so it's always best to buy a charger that provides the maximum for USB: 5 volts, 2.1 amps. The output voltage is normally written on a charger, and if it's not, that's a good sign that it is counterfeit. You should also look for UL or CE markings, which certify that a charger has been examined by a regulatory body. Trending right now: The difference between iPhone users and Android users The 10 best paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Black Friday comes early to Best Buy, along with free shipping See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display – TechCrunch Posted on October 25, 2016 by TechCrunch Waiting impatiently for Apple to release new Macs? You’ll get them on October 27th · Updates to Apple hardware this year will focus on power users · Browse more… This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display. Posted 1 hour ago by … Apple’s new MacBook Pro has no escape keyThe Verge Official Apple images show new MacBook Pro with OLED ‘Magic Toolbar,’ Touch ID, new speaker designAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple’s Mac event: More than just new modelsComputerworld Fortune -Mac Rumors -CNET -Ars Technica all 384 news articles …read more wrote 21357 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News New MacBook Pro Reviews: Should You Gamble On The Controversial Touch Bar? – Forbes Google also gets fooled by fake election news – Washington Post Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts – The Verge What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes – The Verge MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Normal temperatures fall Weather Immigration groups unite over deportation fears News New kiosks to help with property tax payments News Homicide investigation underway after man found fatally shot in Wayne News Major water main break in Troy; boil water alert issued News Wayne County deputy to face sex charges News Social workers charged in death of 3-year-old boy found in Woodbridge apartment News University of Michigan student assaulted by 2 men who yelled at her about being in America News Judicial panel recommends 30-day suspension for Judge Lisa Gorcyca News Metro Detroit weather: Big warmup on horizon Weather Journalist Gwen Ifill dies at 61 News Habitual offender taken into custody after alleged theft from garage in Dearborn News News Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001 Decline closely connected to falling iPhone sales By SETH FIEGERMAN Posted: 4:59 PM, October 25, 2016 Updated: 5:12 PM, October 25, 2016 Jeff King/CNN More News Headlines Kanye West heated about Tidal vs. Apple NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - Apple's 15-year streak is officially over. Apple just posted its first annual sales decline since 2001, the year it launched the iPod and kicked off a tremendous run of groundbreaking products. The tech company revealed Tuesday that annual sales fell to $216 billion in the 2016 fiscal year ending September 30, from a record $234 billion in 2015. The sales decline is closely connected to the falling sales for the iPhone, which remains Apple's largest source of revenue. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the September quarter, down from 48 million iPhones in the same quarter a year earlier. That marks the third consecutive quarter when iPhone sales and overall revenue have declined from a year prior. Many analysts have raised concerns that the global smartphone market is saturated. Customers are taking longer to replace their phones. And Apple's latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models, eliminating some of the desire to upgrade. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with analysts that demand for the new iPhones is "outstripping supply in the vast majority of places, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus." Apple's sales in China, once a promising area of growth, fell 30% year-over-over year as the company faces competition from local smartphone makers like Xiaomi and Huawei. However, the company expects that to improve next quarter. "We are very bullish on China," Cook said on the call, noting the vast number of "people growing into the middle class." The good news is that this sales decline may prove to be a blip and not the new norm. Apple is projecting that it will post sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the upcoming quarter, up from $74.8 billion a year earlier. The holiday quarter is typically Apple's largest as it represents the first full quarter when new iPhones are on sale. Apple's guidance suggests it is expecting greater demand for the iPhone 7 than its predecessor. Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, wrote in an investor note this month that Apple's iPhone sales would be helped in part by "Note 7 issues," a reference to Samsung's massive recall. On the conference call, Apple's CFO Luca Maestri suggested that developments with other smartphone competitors are "not particularly relevant." The reason, he said, is demand for iPhones is already so high that "we are selling everything we can produce." The earnings report comes two days before Apple is scheduled to hold a press event in California, where it is widely expected to unveil long awaited updates to its Mac product lineup that could help sales. Apple stock was down 2.5% in after hours trading following the earnings release. Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com

TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility Is the 32GB iPhone 7 really slower? Confusion abounds with the latest Apple controversy News keeps trickling out about the iPhone 7's speed problem. Several theories have been put forth: What's the real problem? And does it even matter? By Brandon Vigliarolo | October 25, 2016, 1:00 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Every iteration of a popular phone renews its target for critics, and no phone has felt that more than Apple's iPhone series. Controversy follows a new iPhone release like sharks to blood, with critics seeking any flaw to tear apart. Some criticisms have been serious: the iPhone 4 had its "antennagate," which had a very real impact on its function. The iPhone 5 brought the lightning adapter to the world, which was a major source of ire despite the fact that the old adapter now seems ridiculous. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter There are problems that are decidedly less serious, however: the iPhone 6 could reportedly bend, and now the iPhone 7's smaller capacity model is apparently slower than those with larger storage. Sensational headlines and hot YouTube videos only stoke the fire for those bent on hating the iPhone, but like anything sensational there's usually a bit more going on below the surface. There are some competing theories as to why the iPhone 7 32GB seems slower than its larger-capacity brethren, and two are worth looking at: read/write speed and Qualcomm/Intel chipsets. What is actually slower One of the theories floating in the internet ether is that 32GB iPhone 7 models are just slower, period. CNET addressed this with some testing of its own to determine what was really going on behind the scenes and the results make perfect—and mostly unnoticeable—sense. There's a bottleneck in SSD processing power that always affects smaller capacity disks, and it's simply unavoidable: read/write speed. Smaller solid state discs simply have fewer channels to move data from storage to screen, and vice versa. SEE: Research: Apple's Growing Role in the Enterprise (Tech Pro Research) What CNET found by digging down, though, is that write speed was the only one affected by the channel bottleneck. Writing to your iPhone 7's drive occurs when you download files, save pictures, and do anything else that involves saving something to the phone's local storage. Users generally don't notice their write speed slowing down, and with good reason: even slower discs (like the iPhone 7's 32GBs) have a max write speed of 100Mbps. As CNET points out even the most intense write activities, like recording a 4K video, only uses 30Mbps of bandwidth. In other words, writing files to your iPhone won't push its capacity. Read speeds, on the other hand, are noticeable but there's a reason you won't notice a difference on larger vs. smaller capacity iPhones: SSD reads are simple tasks that simply don't tax the speed of the drive in the slightest. What's really going on? If read/write speeds aren't the source of the complaint then what is? Cellular Insights, which tests many of the newest smartphones on the market, has the most likely cause: the iPhone 7 and 7plus were produced with two different chipsets. Anyone familiar with cellular technology knows we have two bands that are popular in the United States: CDMA (used by Verizon and Sprint), and GSM (used by AT&T and T-Mobile). SEE: 19 of Apple's biggest tech blunders (TechRepublic) Up until the latest iteration of the iPhone, Qualcomm was the sole manufacturer of chipsets and modems for Apple's smartphones. The iPhone 7, however, split the ticket between Qualcomm's MDM9645M and Intel's XMM7360 modems. Therein lies the problem: Intel's chip didn't test as fast as Qualcomm's. Image: Cellular Insights Cellular Insights ran tests on both versions of the iPhone 7plus and found that the Intel modem performed considerably worse than Qualcomm's. As the graph above shows, Intel's chipset wasn't even able to match the iPhone 6s for speed, while the Qualcomm iPhone 7 tested well above Apple's previous model. Want to know which one you have? Check the fine print on the back of your iPhone 7. If it has model number A1660 or A1661 you're in luck: It's a Qualcomm. If the model number reads A1778 or A1784 sorry: It's an Intel. Performance of both Qualcomm (red) and Intel (blue) on band 4. Signal strength is weaker to the right of the figure. Image: Cellular Insights Keep in mind, both chipsets delivered similar results in ideal signal strength situations. Once things get dicey the Qualcomm chipset definitely outperforms the Intel one, however. What it all means Your iPhone 7 isn't, in most cases, going to feel inferior so there's really no need to worry about it. Yes, AT&T and T-Mobile customers have a bit more to complain about but their complaints have nothing to do with device storage size: it's all about the chipset in this case. The actual performance of the iPhone 7 is unaffected by its capacity unless you try your hardest to maximize its write speed. In those cases you will see a slowdown between a 32GB device and one with more storage, but those conditions aren't a problem for users in regular situations. They're also not a problem unique to Apple's iPhone 7: It's a universal problem of solid state design. Next conspiracy, please. We reached out to Apple and Intel for commentary on this piece, but no response was received as of publication. This article will be updated with any response. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Reports have been coming out about the slower speed of Apple's 32GB iPhone 7 devices, but it's not a unique Apple issue: smaller SSDs simply can't read or write as fast as larger ones. If anything is slowing down the 32GB iPhone 7 it's the write speed. Even the most complex daily uses, however, can't come close to maxing out its Mbps capabilities. A real cause of slower devices can be found in Apple's use of Intel chipsets in GSM devices. The Intel chipset tested far worse than the one in CDMA devices, which was manufactured by Qualcomm. Confused by the rapid speed of the mobile world? Keep up on all the enterprise trends by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Also see iPhone 7: What business users need to know (TechRepublic) There are two versions of the iPhone 7 — did you end up with a fast one or a slow one? (ZDNet) Apple iPhone 7: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) iPhone 7 sales profit from Galaxy Note 7 vacuum in South Korea (ZDNet) How to clear space on your iPhone without deleting photos (CBS News) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results By Reuters Published: 17:27 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 17:27 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Fashion Shopping Music Movies TV Share < br />this article: WATCH: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin’s Kids Show off Their Singing Chops Kit Bowen | October 25, 2016 - 5:09 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Gwyneth Paltrow/Instagram Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Are Finally Divorced For real, this time. MORE >> Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin’s children – Apple, 12, and Moses, 10 – clearly inherited their parents’ musical talents. The kids joined their father on stage at a Boys and Girls Club fundraiser over the weekend in Malibu, California. First, Apple took center stage to sing a cover of Ariana Grande’s “Just a Little Bit of Your Heart” with Martin accompanying on piano. Then Moses sang Twenty One Pilots’ “House of Gold,” while Coldplay frontman played along with his guitar… check out the performances below! Chris Martin y Apple cantaron la canción “Just A Little Bit Of Your Heart” de #ArianaGrande en Malibu Boys and Girls Club #ChrisMartin #Apple #JustALittleBitOfYourHeart #Coldplay 🎥 Loriann Stevenson A video posted by Coldplay Colombia Official (@coldplaycolombiaofficial) on Oct 23, 2016 at 9:41am PDT Chris Martin y Moses tocan la canción “House Of Gold” de #twentyonepilots acompañados de los grandes músicos @Beck , @chadsmithofficial y @daviderossistrings en Malibu Boys and Girls Club #ChrisMartin #Moses #HouseOfGold #Coldplay #Beck #chadsmith 🎥 Loriann Stevenson A video posted by Coldplay Colombia Official (@coldplaycolombiaofficial) on Oct 23, 2016 at 9:55am PDT   Paltrow and Martin finalized their divorce earlier this year and the actress admitted co-parenting can be difficult, but necessary. “You have to constantly let go,” Paltrow told Entertainment Tonight. “You have to let go of old ideas, old resentments. You have to put the kids first, which I think people have the idea of that, but then oftentimes, you struggle with it.” Paltrow added that it’s important to focus on the big picture. “If you once loved the person enough to have kids with them, you have to focus on what you still love about them and what’s beautiful about them and all the good aspects of your relationship,” she said. “You still want a family, you’re just not in a couple. So, I acknowledge we’ve done it in an unorthodox way but it’s working for us.” Gwyneth Paltrow Stayed at This $40 Million Airbnb 22 Photos » Tags: Chris Martin, Gwyneth Paltrow 0 Recommended for you Jeffrey Dean Morgan Talked About That ‘F**king Heavy’ ‘Walking Dead’ Premiere and More Celebrity News  Sources Say Jennifer Lawrence Is Less ‘Stressed’ Dating Darren Aronofsky, These Photos Say Otherwise This Is Why Gwyneth Paltrow’s Father Called Her an ‘A**hole’ at the Height of Her Fame Taylor Swift Parties with Gwyneth Paltrow and Other A-Listers as John Newman Says She Was ‘Brutal’ to Calvin Harris Lady Gaga Insists ‘Perfect Illusion’ Is Not Diss Track About Ex Fiancé Taylor Kinney Gwyneth Paltrow Launches Goop Clothing Line Around The Web MOST VIEWED Another Member of the Duggar Family Ties the Knot! Lady Gaga Slams Melania Trump, Calls Her Anti-Bullying Campaign… Jared Padalecki and Wife Genevieve Are Expecting Baby No. 3 Bella Hadid Says She Wants Her ‘Ass Back’ After Unintentionally Losing… James Corden: Rolling Stones Snubbed My ‘Karaoke’? That’s News to Me! Sign Up For The Latest Celebuzz News Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Top Photos All » Kelly Clarkson and Her Kids Meet the Princesses at Disney World Rihanna Has Some Fun on Set of ‘Ocean’s 8′ and 19 More of the Funniest Celebrity Paparazzi Pics of the Week Jake Gyllenhaal Recalls ‘Nocturnal Animals’ Director Tom Ford ‘Weeping’ on Set This Week in Kardashian Fashion: Kendall Takes a Ride in Her Best Fashion Accessory Lady Gaga the Prince Fan Leads Today’s Star Sightings Eddie Redmayne, J.K. Rowling and More Attend ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Premiere You'll Love Trump Winning Is Like 9/11 Oprah Winfrey Reacts to Trump's Win Brad Pitt May Have Dirt on Angelina Jolie MOBILE SITE Celebuzz is part of SpinMedia About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apple iPhone sales fall but beat estimates; shares slip Reuters 10/25/2016 By Jeffrey Dastin and Anya George Tharakan Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Apple Q4 EPS beats, revenues in line CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT Oct 25 (Reuters) - Apple Inc posted a third quarter in a row of declining iPhone sales on Tuesday, but beat Wall Street targets for its flagship product and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday shopping season. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Thomson Reuters Corp TRI ▲ 56.34 +0.19 +0.34% FactSet Research Systems Inc FDS ▼ 161.17 -0.99 -0.61% Shares of the world's most valuable publicly traded company fell 2.6 percent to $115.10 in after-hours trading. Apple executives said demand for the new iPhone 7, the company's best hope to revive flagging sales, was strong, despite fiscal fourth-quarter revenue dips in China and the Americas, its two most important markets. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was "impossible to know" if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. Apple said it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Revenue fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Apple didn't have a great (fourth quarter) as iPhones, Macs, China, the U.S. and what appears to be Watch were down," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth engine, fell almost 30 percent in the quarter, after dropping 33 percent in the preceding period. Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. Apple also forecast gross profit margins slightly behind Wall Street targets, projecting 38 to 38.5 percent, versus expectation of closer to 39 percent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. "I think people were a bit surprised that they were so conservative there," said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. The stock hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May but has been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter. Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Apple is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri said in an interview with Reuters. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is growing nonetheless, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple's newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. The company's net income fell to $9.01 billion, or $1.67 per share in the quarter from $11.12 billion, or $1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of $1.66 per share. Apple's fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. Analysts, on average, expect the company to sell 75.8 million iPhones in the current quarter, according to FactSet. Apple launched its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models two weeks before the end of the quarter. Unusually, though, it did not release first-weekend sales figures, saying this data had become more of a reflection of supply than demand. The fourth-quarter figures also include sales of the 6S and 6S Plus models as well as the smaller and cheaper iPhone SE. Apple should have benefited from an extra week of sales in the latest quarter compared with last year. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters China says air pollution worsens in October Reuters Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran Reuters Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev detained over bribe Reuters U.S. President-elect Trump could return Iraq war boosters to power Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Everything we know about Apple’s ‘Hello Again’ Mac event Showtime content is now available in Bell Media’s CraveTV streaming app Apple earnings Q4 2016: Apple beats estimates and iPhone revenue tops expectations despite lull in sales Jessica Vomiero October 25, 2016 4:39pm Apple reported its fourth quarter earnings this past Tuesday and achieved better than expected results. Reports indicate that the tech giant achieved a total revenue of $46.9 billion USD, a net income of $9 billion and reached $1.67 per share. Furthermore, Apple reported over 45.51 million iPhones sold in the three months leading up to September 24. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Apple CEO Tim Cook in a statement. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” Despite these sales beating analysts’ estimates, this is the third quarter in a row of falling iPhone sales, having sold over 48 million iPhones this time last year. This represents a 13 percent sequential increase but a five percent annual drop in the number of units sold. On an earnings call, Cook claims that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have been a huge success, which reportedly saw demand outpace supply on many occasions. This was true in Canada where the iPhone Plus was initially sold out in many locations. The iPhone isn’t the only Apple device that experienced an annual decline. In addition, both the MacBook and iPad product lines experienced decreases in units sold. While iPad products saw an annual decrease in units sold by six percent, the MacBook product line saw an annual decrease of 14 percent. Apple did not provide specific revenues for the Apple Watch Series 2, but said it experienced a 22 percent decrease in revenue from its “other product” section year over year. Despite the company’s quarterly growth, it’s important to note that this is the first time since 2001 that Apple’s annual revenue has fallen. Revenue from this quarter fell approximately nine percent year over year to $51.5 billion with a net income of $11.1 billion. Apple reported that 62 percent of this quarter’s revenue can be credited to international sales. While several of their international markets experienced significant growth rates this past quarter, China stood out as an area of unusual decline. As per Apple’s earnings report, the company saw its revenues in China decrease 30 percent year over year from $12.5 billion to $8.7 billion. Another area of growth covered in the earnings call included Apple Pay, which Tim Cook claimed has increased in use by over 500 percent. Apple Pay expanded its presence in Canada this past year and is now used by all the major Canadian banks. More Apple Pay transactions were apparently completed in September of 2016 than were completed in all of the 2016 fiscal year. Apple Pay went live in Japan yesterday and will be going live in Spain in the near future. Cook then went on to discuss the vision of the company in a more general sense. The CEO didn’t confirm or deny Project Titan, saying that he “can’t speak about rumours.” He did however say that the company is “always looking at new things.” “The car space is an area in general where it’s clear there’s a lot of technology that will either become available or will be able to revolutionize the car experience so it’s interesting from that point of view but nothing to announce today.” He did note however that research and developments spending has shot up due to investments in products that are not yet on the market. It was recently revealed that Apple is working on a portion of its car project from an office in Kanata, Ottawa, just a few minutes from BlackBerry-owned QNX. In terms of voice assistants virtual assistants similar to Amazon’s Echo, Cook hinted that Apple won’t be going the route of a home assistant. He stated in during the call that living in a mobile world requires a virtual assistant to be mobile in order to be useful. It’s important to note however that he didn’t entirely dismiss the possibility. On the topic of artificial intelligence, Cook discussed the merits of privacy versus machine learning. He stated that Apple customers wouldn’t have to give up privacy to reap the benefits of machine learning, addressing a argument that’s been brewing in the tech space since the commercialization of artificial intelligence, as well as the commentary surrounding Google’s new Assistant. “I think it’s a false trade-off that people would like you to believe that you have to give up privacy to have AI do something for you. We don’t buy that. It’s sort of like the age old argument of privacy vs. security. We should have both. It shouldn’t be making a choice,” he concluded. Apple has forecast that in the upcoming quarter will earn between $76 and $78 billion in revenue, likely due to the bustling holiday shopping season. Related: Everything we know about Apple’s ‘Hello Again mac event SourceApple The Iceman Cometh Seriously a drop of 3 million units is absolutely nothing and hardly indicative of any trend. The market is saturated, fewer people are upgrading year over year and yet they still sell 45 million which is nothing short of remarkable. neo905 Their problem is China is down another 30% this qtr. That was supposed to be their growth engine. Microsoft learned the hard way in the 2000’s that you can’t just rely on a cash cow business just because you make billions of dollars, eventually the tide turns and stock spends a generation going sideways. Consumers are just to fickle and hardware gets commoditized. They need to capitalize on their user base and ecosystem and create viable software solutions that can become growth engine. It’s Me You should write Tim and let him know what they should do. How many software companies generate Apple level of revenue? neo905 60% of revenue in one product in a declining market that is now declining for them. That is now the trend not an anomaly. Microsoft had a better quarter and finally has great management and vision. Timmy is milking cows. Looks great now. No longer sustainable. It’s Me 1 is a trend? How many software companies generate Apple level of revenue? neo905 How many qtrs in a row of YOY declines? It’s Me When the 6S results were first known, it was clear it couldn’t match the massive blip that the 6 was. Since they do one series per year, common sense says to expect the 6S year to be down from the unusually huge numbers the 6 produced. 1 isn’t a trend. 1 year isn’t a trend. If the next quarter is also down, then that shows the 6S wasn’t an anomaly and then you can start calling it a trend. neo905 Smartphones have seen all the growth they are going to get. They are too good now. Even midrange devices. People will continue to hold on to them longer whether they are iPhones or Android ones. The days of people buying a new home every year is over. Especially at THESE prices nowadays. The idea of wait until next year is antiquated. It’s Me You’re probably right about that, for the most part. Mo Dabbas “The days of people buying a new home every year is over” — Ah man, I don’t want those days to be over. I want a new house every year. 😉 neo905 HAHA…My mind must be on this housing bubble …Freudian slip… Mawhayden So True, the amount of folks changing their Hi End phones every year is fading….and that includes Apple as well as Android OEMs and Google. jay or more people buying good cheaper android phones? Garrett Cooper It really is. I used to change phones weekly back in university. Bought and sold to flip, out of curiosity, etc. Was over 300 when I stopped counting about 6 years ago. Since then, I’ve maybe had 20, and I continue to own devices longer because there’s less and less reason to upgrade. I got a Z5 on launch last Oct. While I’d like the Pixel, the price makes it too difficult to justify when my phone is mint and works perfectly. I was going to consider hoping back into iOS to give it a try after 5 years on Android, but felt the 7 was a total let down rehash. I used to upgrade more frequently than annually, I just like phones. But with most being the same nowadays, there just isn’t much reason to do so any more. We’ve already seen the growth slow a bit in the market, and that isn’t going to change unless someone comes out with something radical, which I think is a ways off yet. Marco Simone This news makes me happy. I love Apple quarters. Especially the ones that are on a downward spiral one after another. It’s Me It should make you happy. You’re obviously very emotionally invested in Apple since you say their results affect you emotionally. That’s probably not healthy…especially since is the first annual decline they’ve had in 15 years. You might be in for some depressing days. jay is good for everyone. apple has to understand they can not do what ever they want and people buying it. Marco Simone Soon a lot will be! LOL. Apple is going DOWN! It’s Me Once it’s a lot (or more than 1 year) you’ll have a trend. For the mathematically impaired, 1 isn’t a pattern. 1 isn’t a trend. Jon Duke Except you are playing with numbers. You are using the Yoy and saying it’s just 1 year while companies around the world work in quarters. It’s been 3 quarters, not 1. It’s a trend. It’s Me It’s 3 qtrs of 1 year. Within the year, you can say it’s a trend. But since that year covers one flagship series which followed an unusually massive year, it’s one year. That’s not a trend, yet. Jon Duke I understand your explanation. Fair point. Mawhayden Hmmm u sound like Trump…… jay you do not understand the point. they do not make enough money meaning a decline. which is dangerous because if apple looses there magic power people do not buy it. It’s Me Oh, trust me, I get it. They posted monstrously huge revenue and profits, but not as monsterouslt huge a the previous year (which itself was an anomaly in how big it was). That’s a year that was lower than the previous year. 1 isn’t a trend except for the mathematically challenged. jay or apple grew to fast and made to much money? It’s Me Ok. I guess. Maybe. They’ve been on a 15 year run, so I’m not sure that’s fast. The sure did make a lot of money though. jay more talking about the last four years when they double and double sales and now we are at a point everyone else caught up to apple and selling great products TrickyDickie Yeah, let’s forget the time before that and the time before that because that WOULD be a trend and make Apple look bad…. It’s Me When was that? 15 years ago? 20? Some trend. TrickyDickie Sales have been declining for the last few quarters. It’s Me For iPhone, 3 to be precise. One year decline. Can’t Fix Stupid The initial quarters of declining ipad sales were shrugged off also as “just waiting for the refresh” Now no one even bats an eye as it declines further. Tim’s answer is to look for ways to raise the price (ie a pro version). This has failed to stem the declines. Now no one even bats an eye. Right now it’s “people are waiting for the 10th anniversary edition phone instead” which buys them time as an excuse but the reality is the price of the flagship phones have gotten too high and less improvements from year to year make using a phone for 2-3 years a possibility without sacrificing much in the way of functionality. neo905 I agree 100%. A bright spot is their software is growing as a percent of revenue but is still only like 14%. Those phones are their cash cow. They are going to ride it. Margins are still high, much higher than anyone else so they will still make money hand over fist but this is a slow leak flat tire you won’t notice until it is to late and you end up stranded on the side of the road thumbing for a ride. Marco Simone Go out and by 15 iPhones right now!!! Do it! Support your cause! It’s Me Why? They’ll be fine. jay someone said the same from BB… jay if he is still CEO …4.6 billion lost? It’s Me Who lost what? Someone posted a loss? Apple posted almost $47Billion in revenue and $9 billion net income. Who posted a loss? jay lost over one year. they lost 4.6 billion in revenue It’s Me Umm… jay which is a lot and not sure why tim does not explain why. usually investors want to know why and what are the next steps that it goes back up. any changes which can affect the stock price needs to be shown. but i think in tech business it is different Marco Simone It’s something when your competitor Samsung isn’t selling it’s flagship. TRUST. Three quarters in a row = troubles. It’s Me Too bad these results don’t cover the period Samsung stopped selling the Note. Otherwise you might have a point. Marco Simone Uh huh… THREE QUARTERS. To translate to Apple fan boys… 75% of the year worth of declines. From beautiful iPhones to stunning iMacs to gorgeous iPads! LOL ALL DOWN THIS TIME AROUND! WOOT WOOT! It’s Me Umm, great. What does that have to do with Samsung not selling notes? You brought it up as though you actually thought they were related. So, you had no point? Mawhayden Why do you even bother with him…he is just trolling….. It’s Me I thought he was just special needs. Mawhayden LOL…I commend you, but you can’t teach “Stupid”, it’s like having a debate with Donald Trump. Cowpoke You wanna clam down, son! You’re gonna mess yer diapers!!! thereasoner Agreed, especially when you consider that this 3rd consecutive quarter of sales declines for Apple had an extra week in it and the release of brand new iPhones. They are now on track for 3 more quarters of sales declines until the iPhone 8 drops as the iPhone 7 apparently won’t turn things around for them. At this rate it won’t be long before Apple drops to third place in smartphone sales and Huawei takes their #2 spot. Smanny What about the other 305 million smartphones sold in the same timeframe as Apples 45 million smartphones? Hmm, the other major platform (Android) didn’t see a loss. Can you explain that? thereasoner Only for Apple could any positive spin be put on a 3rd quarter in a row of year over year declines. When this was happening to Samsung the sky was supposedly falling. It’s Me When it was happening to Samsung, it was much larger declines and lasted for almost 2 straight years and still barely made the news. When Apple has 2 years of massive declines, then you’ll have a point. But not yet. Marco Simone Because Apple brags in every launch! BEST sales ever. BEST this. BEST That. Now it’s WORSE of. It’s Me So, still not as bad a Samsungs 2 year…so what you’re saying is you still have no point? thereasoner Apple is on track for 6 consecutive quarters of year over year declines, Samsung had 7 but only because they misjudged the demand for the Galaxy S6 edge and couldn’t meet demand. It’s Me They’ve had 3. From that you extrapolate 7? Samsung has 7. We can extrapolate from that that they had 7. thereasoner No, I see 6 for Apple. I expect the iPhone 8 to stop the slide unless they screw up the supply like Samsung did for the GS6 edge. It’s Me So, not “on track” for 6. More like a SWAG of 6. We’ll have to see how the next quarter goes I guess, before making claims. thereasoner Yes, Samsung went 7 consecutive quarters with sales declines but don’t know how much larger they would have been if at all. The first thing I saw when I Google it was an 8% decrease for that 7th quarter. Apple in the meantime saw a 16% decline followed by another 15% decline despite the introduction of the ” popular ” midrange SE and now we have a third quarter in a row with absolutely no reason to believe that the next 3 quarters will be anything but more year over year declines. This particular sales decline for Apple is only 5% which is better but it falls on a fiscal quater that had an extra week in it and also had a release of brand new iPhones, that is disastrous! If anything, the situations seem to be very similar indeed, it’s just the spin put on the reporting of those declines that differs to this point. We’ll see if that changes as these declines continue well into next year, I’m thinking that the lipstick on a pig type of spin to continue myself . It’s Me At one point, (Jan of this year I believe) Samsung posted a 40% in profits you and that followed a previously soft quarter. Don’t think Apple is in that bad a spot just yet. They might be next year but not yet. Mo Dabbas I kinda agree that the article seems to be written on the defensive towards apple. iPhone beats the estimate by 0.7 million (analysts estimates were 44.8) Which is no huge number to begin with. But I still don’t understand why in the title it’s mentioned “iPhone revenue” rather than sales unit. Because the company’s revenue is almost spot on to what analysts expected (the part that will of course not be mentioned here). Is this an attempt of misleading the readers?? Techguru86 It’s Mobilesyrup, they are in love with anything Apple related and everything else is just meh. jay the CEO would be fired ciderrules Shall I link to the numerous times you tried to put a positive spin on Samsungs 7 consecutive quarters of declines? Hypocrite. thereasoner Please do. Techguru86 They keep dropping by the millions every 3 months so everything is not all roses at Apple, not when you have such good products from other oems at a cheaper option. Can’t Fix Stupid Tim’s plan…release an iPhone Pro with a bonus headphone jack. Sell for $500 premium over iPhone. Rich002 BBK is now almost certainly the second largest smartphone manufacturer after Samsung, relegating Apple to third place. Huawei will be next. Apple is going to continue to see market share declines. Fewer and fewer people are prepared to pay more for a lesser product. Apple used to have the highest rated cameras on their phones, DXOMark rates the iPhone 7 as tied for 8th place, putting it behind nearly every other major vendor’s flagships. Tim cook can talk about great new technology till the cows come home, but he’s yet to deliver. Marco Simone The downfall of Apple… Brad Fortin Weren’t people saying that back in the 90’s? You know, when Apple was in substantially worse shape? Techguru86 Now you have companies with great product offerings for less than here’s Apple with devices that still havent had much more than a cosmetic changes and a few minor upgrades, still nothing drastic to the IP6 Mr Dog You pay for what you get. Its cheaper in price but so its the materials they use, the service they provide and overall product. That is why we see Google trying to provide quality products like the Pixel and look at the price. Cowpoke Pay that thar troll no mind, Brad. He’s jus’ a sissy lil’ city boi is all. Can’t Fix Stupid So iPhone sales were down year-over-year yet there were “shortages”. Lol. I guess it did want they wanted and got them headlines. Mo Dabbas because Tim and his buddies are becoming experts in boosting the company’s stock price. Why do you think this year apple decided to stay hush hush about iPhone 7 sales? ERYREB The iPhone 6S models went on sale on September 25, 2015. The iPhone 7 models went on sale on September 16, 2016. The fourth quarter ended on September 26th for each fiscal quarter. This is FAR WORSE than Apple will admit to. They had two days in 2015 to sell the new phone and 11 days to sell the new phone in 2016, yet the sales were lower. Can’t Fix Stupid Good point. What I like is the fake “shortages” given that they sold less than last year…so I guess they were planning to sell much less and then ended up selling more than that which was still less than last year…or just a big hoax to drum up some headlines. You choose. Either way. It’s courage. Kidney Stones People really like headphone jacks? Brian Jones Pool Supply Co. Apple = ded Rip Blackburry Am I doing this right guys? It’s Me You’ve got it. A little more practice and you can join the circIejerk with the other bros. beyond As time passes, an apple gets eaten, or just rots. Cowpoke That’s mighty poetic, Shakespeare… Cowpoke MOAR winnin’, y’all! Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Business Tech Apple just had its first annual revenue decline since 2001 Apple's revenue is headed in the wrong direction by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Oct 25, 2016, 5:17pm EDT share tweet Linkedin For the first time since 2001, Apple's annual revenue has declined year over year, falling from $233.7 billion in 2015 to $215.6 billion in the 2016 fiscal year. That 7.7 percent decline marks the first annual revenue drop since 2001, largely due to the continued decline in iPhone sales, down 5 percent year over year. It's clear Apple has its work cut out for it to right the fiscal ship — and it's likely that it will happen given the expectations for next year's iPhone — but right now it's unclear how long that will take. The bulk of iPhone 7 sales will hit in the next quarter, and while another monster first quarter is expected from Apple, it's unclear if this phone will be able to maintain sales like previous iPhones have. The combination of a familiar design in its third year plus the expectations of a radical rethinking of the world's most popular smartphone could have a negative effect on fiscal year 2017 as consumers wait until next fall when Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone is unveiled. The 9 percent decline marks the first annual revenue drop since 2001, largely due to the continued decline in iPhone sales iPad sales are also down from last year (6 percent) and Mac sales took a huge hit (down 14 percent) after a strong 2015, thanks to a lack of serious hardware updates which looks like it's about to change. The one bright spot for Apple is Services, which includes iCloud, iTunes, and Apple Music. Services grew 24 percent year over year, and shows that Apple's attempts to boost its Services division as hardware tapers off is working. With $24.3 billion in revenue this fiscal year, Services has cemented itself as Apple's second biggest revenue driver, outpacing the iPad. But despite that growth Services still only makes up 11 percent of Apple's annual revenue — the only thing that can turn Apple's revenue boat around is the iPhone. 2017 is going to be an interesting year for Apple. Unlike other years in the past, the company is reportedly preparing its biggest hardware update ever to its most crucial product and everyone knows it. This time around there's not just an assumption that the next iPhone will be better than the current one, there's an expectation that it will blow us away. How that mindset will effect sales moving forward is still anyone's guess. But Apple's ability to convince consumers that next spring and summer they should buy an iPhone 7 and not hold out a few more months for next fall's refresh will be put to the the test more than it ever has before. Update: October 26th, 12:30PM ET: Apple's annual revenue decline was 7.7 percent, not 9 percent. The post has been updated accordingly. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus review Source: Apple More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Leaked MacBook Pro pics suggest OLED touch bar and Touch ID by Jeff Kampman  2:58 PM on October 25, 2016 Apple is holding an event this Thursday, presumably to introduce a new line of Macs, but the eagle-eyed folks over at MacRumors have seemingly spoiled some of that upcoming keynote's magic. The site found images of a new MacBook Pro lurking in the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update that was issued yesterday. Have a look at one of those leaked shots: Image source: MacRumors If these leaks are accurate (and it's hard to see how they couldn't be, given the source), Apple's next laptops will ditch the function-key row for a long-rumored OLED touch bar that will adapt to the application or task at hand. The leaked images also hint at a Touch ID sensor embedded in the far-right side of that touch area, an addition that might let owners take advantage of Apple Pay and other authentication-required stuff in the Apple ecosystem. It's still unclear whether the new machines will use Apple's low-profile scissor-switch keyboard, as found in the MacBook, and the hardware Apple will use to power these new machines also remains a mystery. Seems like we could still end up a bit surprised by whatever comes to pass in a couple days. Tags: Mac Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums iPhone sales continue to shrivel in Apple's fiscal fourth quarter by Jeff Kampman  4:07 PM on October 25, 2016 Apple closed out its fiscal 2016 today with fourth-quarter revenue of $46.9 billion, down from $51.5 billion a year ago, and net income of $9 billion, down from $11.1 billion. The company's gross margin fell to 38% from 39.9% a year ago. The company made 62% of its revenue from international sales. iPhone sales are where Apple makes most of its bacon, and the company took in $28.2 billion from 45.5 million iPhone sales. Those numbers are down from last year's 48 million units and $32.2 billion in revenue—a five-percent decline in unit sales and a 13% decline in revenue. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, introduced a little over a month ago, do seem to be moving well, however. Apple recorded a 13% sequential increase in iPhones sold and a 17% sequential increase in iPhone revenue. Other areas of the company's business aren't popping any corks today, either. iPad unit sales contracted six percent from a year ago to 9.2 million units, and iPad revenue was flat year-on-year at $4.2 billion. Mac sales contracted 14% to 4.9 million units, and Mac revenues declined 17% to $5.7 billion. The company's "Other Products" raked in $2.4 billion, down 22% from this time last year. Without further details, it's hard to say what other products are responsible for that drop. Services revenue was the only area of growth in Apple's still-gobsmacking pie. The company took in $6.3 billion from its services business, up 24% from this time last year. Apple expects a flush first quarter for its fiscal 2017. The company projects revenue of $76 billion to $78 billion, gross margins of 38% to 38.5%, and operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion in the next quarter. Tags: Mac Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Signals Return to Growth This Holiday Season After 9-Month Slide Tuesday October 25, 2016 3:02 PM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple today forecasted between $76 billion and $78 billion in revenue for the first quarter of the 2017 fiscal year, reflecting a three-month period between September and December, signaling the company's return to growth in the upcoming holiday shopping season. Apple's lower-end guidance of $76 billion would be enough to eclipse the $75.9 billion in revenue it reported in the year-ago period, putting an end to the company's downturn after its first annual revenue decline since 2001 and three consecutive quarters of negative growth. Apple's decline through the first nine months of 2016 was in line with the iPhone's first-ever drop in sales, while iPad and Mac sales also shrunk during the year. However, the strength of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, alongside Apple's growing services category, should help reverse that trend over the next three months. In the quarter just ended, Apple's revenue from services like the App Store, Apple Music, and iCloud grew 24% to an all-time record of $6.3 billion. Tag: earnings 15 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Traverse 3 weeks ago Love the picture! :P I can't stand investors and analysts. A company can't grow into perpetuity. They want year over year revenue and market growth forever. That isn't sustainable. I think $9 Billion is pretty incredible. Rating: 4 Votes Keane16 3 weeks ago It just makes sense if a company has a means to grow then why not pursue it instead of simply coasting like Apple is doing. This has been a theme for Apple for a long, long time. Somebody posted a link to the original iPod reveal thread ('//forums.macrumors.com/threads/apples-new-thing-ipod.500/') the other day when the 15th Anniversary came around. There were so many comments echoing this sentiment - Apple should do this, Apple should do that. And here we are in 2016 and people still parrot it. Apple has had the means or the cash to get into other businesses. No one at Apple is willing to take any risk so they keep doing the same thing over and over. Off the top of my head in the last 4/5 years they've added: * Smartwatches * Headphones * Music streaming * Maps * iCloud being the backbone of their devices * Health with Health app and associated ResearchKit and CareKit * Home automation with HomeKit & Home app * Payments with Apple Pay * AI whilst maintaining privacy * Underlying changes - with Swift as the language and then upcoming Apple File System Besides that's what's been shown. Tim Cook has mentioned the importance of AR/VR, there are rumours of car research, TV deals etc. it amazes me you think they're doing the same thing over and over. I'd take another look. It's also one of the fun parts of following Apple, whilst most of the other tech companies preview in public, Apple usually just releases their consumer version out to the public (often with lots of rumours and internet hype). So, many people like yourself wrongly think they're "coasting" as we don't see anything official until the reveal. Rating: 3 Votes ghost187 3 weeks ago Tim Cook: Couldn't have done it without you Sammy! Rating: 3 Votes Three141 3 weeks ago I wonder if we will ever get to the point where Apple earning let's say 60 billion in revenue will not be seen as a negative. That thought aside, sounds like they are expecting some good sales from the revised laptops and maybe even a planned surprise upgrade to one or all of their desktops? Rating: 2 Votes Constable Odo 3 weeks ago Love the picture! :p I can't stand investors and analysts. A company can't grow into perpetuity. They want year over year revenue and market growth forever. That isn't sustainable. I think $9 Billion is pretty incredible. Of course, eternal growth of no company is sustainable in a finite world. However, investors don't care about such rules. They dump the company that can't sustain growth and move on to another company than can. There are plenty of other major tech companies to move on to. Both Amazon and Alphabet can sustain growth and now so can Microsoft and that's where the investors are going. The thing is, Tim Cook and Apple had been warned for a long time about depending upon only iPhone sales. Apple has had the means or the cash to get into other businesses. No one at Apple is willing to take any risk so they keep doing the same thing over and over. Apple had as much of an opportunity or better to establish a powerful cloud computing business as any of the other major tech companies. Apple could have also purchased DuckDuckGo and tried to go head-to-head with Google's search/ad business and also build a knowledge engine for Siri. Why should Apple leave Alphabet a clear field when Alphabet is basically crippling Apple's iPhone business with Android and also offering competitive smartphones, too. Apple's management is just stupid or blind to allow a company to steal their lunch and then do nothing about stealing it back. AppleWatch is not even close to being a multi-billion dollar long-term cloud computing business. Everyone on Wall Street knew AppleWatch would quickly fail from the very beginning. It's growth has already stopped and is in decline. Do I think I could run Apple better than it is being run? Absolutely not. I only see what other major tech companies are doing to keep growing their revenue. It just makes sense if a company has a means to grow then why not pursue it instead of simply coasting like Apple is doing. I realize Apple's mountain of cash is stuck overseas but it's possible Apple put too much emphasis on stock buybacks instead of acquisitions. This I'm saying in hindsight and I also have no idea of what Apple's end goals are. I'm just saying that when a company like Microsoft is more than managing its Windows sales slowdown and the complete collapse of its mobile business and yet Wall Street sees more prospects in Microsoft than Apple, then something is definitely wrong. I do know that all the other major tech companies will be posting decent share gains on earnings and only Apple's share price will be declining. It's becoming a theme for Tim Cook and Apple. It's something shareholders are almost expecting every quarter and it's quite disappointing. Rating: 1 Votes macduke 3 weeks ago I am not ready to see a santa hat. Where has the last year gone? Rating: 1 Votes Carlanga 3 weeks ago No contract pricing on phones it equals less sales for full price even in payment plans. Lately there has been a lot of offers for a free upgrade of devices which leds me to believe it might be the reason for the better sales of the iPhone 7. I read somewhere else that smartwatch es are tanking as a market. Apple must be worried since I haven't heard about new bands like previous year. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 15 minutes ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 11 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 66 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 44 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 161 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 513 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 9 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 78 comments • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (82) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple's Services Revenue Up 24% on App Store, Apple Pay, and Apple Music Growth Tuesday October 25, 2016 3:16 PM PDT by Juli Clover During today's fourth quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook highlighted the significant growth Apple saw in its services category, which is up 24 percent year over year. In the quarter, Apple's services segment, which consists of the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music, Apple Pay, AppleCare, and more, brought in $6.3 billion, up from $5 billion in the year-ago quarter. According to Cook, services growth is driven by continued increases in App Store revenue and the increasing popularity of Apple Music. Revenue from Apple Music was up 22 percent in Q4 2016 compared to Q4 2015, while the App Store saw its fifth consecutive quarter of growth. Apple Pay is also seeing steady growth. Apple Pay transactions are up over 500 percent, and in September of 2016, Apple saw more Apple Pay transactions than across all of fiscal 2015. All in all, Apple has nearly doubled services revenue in the last four years and expects the services category to reach the size of a Fortune 100 company in 2017. Related Roundup: Apple Pay Tags: App Store, Apple Music 11 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) groovyd 3 weeks ago Doooomed Rating: 4 Votes Max Portakabin 3 weeks ago Deserved growth: Apple Pay and the efficiencies offered during transactions Not deserved: 20% hidden price increases across the board in iTMS and App Store. On the fence: Apple Music - maybe offer up another trial for those who got burned at the car crash of the initial roll out. Rating: 1 Votes twinlight 3 weeks ago Would be higher if they had teamed up with Visa or Mastercard directly. This slow rollout and resistence from banks is holding it back. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 15 minutes ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 11 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 66 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 44 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 161 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 513 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 9 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 78 comments • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (82) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Apple is 19 percent less profitable in Q4 of 2016 than in Q4 of 2015 iPhone, iPad, Mac, and "other products" are all down this quarter. by Andrew Cunningham - Oct 25, 2016 9:13 pm UTC Login to bookmark 140 The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Andrew Cunningham Apple has just released its earnings report for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, which runs from the beginning of July to the end of September. As has been the case for the last two quarters, iPhone sales were down year-over-year, and that decline combined with sliding sales for Macs, iPads, and "other products" has driven the company's revenue and profit down even as its Services division continues to climb at a steady clip. Apple made $9 billion in profit and $46.9 billion in revenue, compared to $11.1 billion in profit and $51.5 billion in revenue in Q4 of 2015. Its gross margin was 39.4 percent. These results beat Apple's guidance for the quarter, which predicted revenue between $45.5 billion and $45.7 billion and a profit margin between 37.5 and 38 percent. The company predicts that it will make between $76 and $78 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, with profit margins between 38 and 38.5 percent. The company made $74.6 billion in revenue in Q1 of 2016, so this would be a return to growth after three quarters of year-over-year decline. The Americas are still Apple's largest territory, but deflating sales in China made it Apple's third-largest territory by revenue after Europe. Huge growth in China was part of what drove Apple's 2015 numbers up as high as they were, and the fact that Apple hasn't been able to maintain that level of sales has been hurting it all year. Revenue declined around 7 percent in the Americas and around 30 percent in China, but Apple managed to grow 2.5 percent in Europe and nearly 10 percent in Japan. The rest of the Asia Pacific region contracted by a negligible 1 percent. Unit sales of the iPhone declined around 5.3 percent, from 48.05 million units last year to 45.51 million this year. Revenue declined by around 12.5 percent from $32.21 billion to $28.16 billion. We'll need to wait until next quarter to see how the iPhone 7 is faring compared to the iPhone 6S—this quarter's sales reflect just a couple weeks of iPhone 7 sales—but the fact that revenue has dropped more than unit sales have suggests that the smaller, cheaper iPhone SE is slightly cannibalizing the larger, more expensive models. Things actually look a little better for the iPad, which has been falling year-over-year since Q2 of 2014. Unit sales fell by just 6 percent, from 9.88 million units to 9.27 million units, and the $4.26 billion in revenue was almost exactly even with the $4.28 billion the iPad made in Q4 of 2015. Apple forecasted a couple of quarters ago that it expected the iPad to bottom out this year, and that's getting pretty close to being true. The more expensive iPad Pro models also appear to be increasing the tablets' average sale price, which is good news. The only good news for the Mac is that new models are right around the corner. Most of the Mac lineup is as stale as it has ever been, and that's reflected in both unit sales (down 14.4 percent from 5.71 million units to 4.89 million units) and revenue (down 16.6 percent from $6.88 billion to $5.74 billion). Hopefully new MacBook Pros can boost those numbers. And while Apple doesn't differentiate between Beats headphones, Airport routers, the Apple TV, and the Apple Watch when reporting "other products" revenue, things don't look great there, either. Revenue was down by over 22 percent from $3.05 billion to $2.37 billion, and independent analyst reports suggest that it's because Apple Watch sales have fallen off in a big way. The new Series 1 and Series 2 models, released last month, may help increase these sales next quarter. Finally, the one unqualified bright spot in Apple's earnings reports this year continues to be its Services division, which increased 24.4 percent from $5.09 billion to $6.33 billion. As Apple sells more devices, its iCloud, Apple Music, and App Store ecosystem picks up more potential users, and it looks like many of those people are happy to hand Apple their money. Expand full story Reader comments 140 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday November 15, 2016 News National Larger / SmallerNight Mode How multinational tax transparency got killed off by Australia's business lobbies Nassim Khadem 27 Oct 2016, 1:27 a.m. The Turnbull government's voluntary tax transparency code should be dumped. How multinational tax transparency got killed off by Australia's business lobbies Pedestrians pass the Apple store location on Fifth Avenue, New York. Apple is one of many US multinationals that has been criticised for not paying enough tax in Australia. Photo: Frank Franklin Board of Tax chairman Michael Andrew supports a voluntarily code with limited tax details published publicly. Photo: Louise Kennerley Then treasurer Joe Hockey addresses the media during a doorstop interview regarding multinational tax, at Parliament House in Canberra in December 2014. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen Staff at the Apple store in Sydney. Apple is one of many US multinationals that has been criticised for not paying enough tax in Australia. Photo: Rob Griffith A report has found that most of America's largest corporations, including Google, Citigroup, Nike, PfizerPzifer, and PepsiCo, maintain subsidiaries in "tax havens". Photo: Tamara Voninski Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit The Turnbull government's voluntary tax transparency code should be dumped. Introduced in the 2015 federal budget, the code, the then treasurer Joe Hockey said, was for "companies, particularly large multinationals operating in Australia, to publicly disclose their tax affairs". In reality the code, if implemented in its current proposed form, gives no real transparency. The proposed code comes courtesy of the government's advisory board, the Board of Tax, which is headed by former KPMG chairman and CEO Michael Andrew. It suggests that businesses with turnover of between $100 million and $500 million be required to give only general tax details and/or commentary on their tax position. As a raft of submissions to the board have made clear: it is a chance for a large business to "tell its own tax story". A government-mandated PR exercise. Multinationals, under international pressure to pay more taxes, will now publish reports explaining how they are genuinely good taxpayers who pay their "fair share". Hang on, isn't that what they already do via their spin doctors? As groups including the Tax Justice Network and Washington-based FACT Coalition have argued, the best way to provide real transparency of US companies' international operations, would be to require companies to publicly disclose country-by-country financial data. This information, which tax revenue authorities will privately collect, would reveal the dollar amount of international related party dealings. It would give a country-by-country basis picture of corporate revenue, profits, taxes paid, assets and employees. It would provide greater insight into secrecy jurisdictions (the OECD has decided to stop labelling places like Cayman Islands and Bermuda as tax havens) multinationals use. But under Australia's proposed code, there will be no detailed disclosure. Why? The reason isn't that multinationals have nothing to hide. In fact, the board admits that: "Foreign multinational businesses can in some instances sell goods or services to Australian customers without being subject to Australian income tax". The board's reasoning not to disclose is that it "considers the disclosure of this information, apart from raising issues of commercial sensitivity, may not be meaningful to the intended users". And that "while there may be a public interest in the tax payments of these entities, the board does not consider that this interest would be served by requiring foreign multinationals to disclose sales to Australian customers". Instead of feeding taxpayers the business lobby line, the government and board would be better to let the public decide whether or not they think it's useful. So far there are 18 submissions published on the board's website, and naturally all the big four accounting firms and business lobbies follow the same script: Good on you Board of Tax for taking our side in the transparency debate. Apart from a submission from Australian Catholic University lecturer Dr Rachel Tooma suggesting that the ATO gives the most transparent company an award entitled "corporate taxpayer of the year for disclosure", the only dissenting voice is the Tax Justice Network. The Tax Justice Network rightly states that "the board's recommendations are so flawed that the code should be abandoned as it will serve no useful purpose" and that "businesses will continue to be subject to public pressure to explain their tax affairs". It also adds that there's no ability to verify information in the reports, let alone penalties for companies giving false or misleading reports. And while miners like BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto already make some effort to give the public a picture of their tax affairs, the code will do nothing to get disclosure from the likes of Aldi, Unilever and Johnson and Johnson. A report released this month, Offshore Shell Games, The Use of Offshore Tax Havens by Fortune 500 Companies, found that most of America's largest corporations maintain subsidiaries in "tax havens". At least 367 companies, or 73 per cent of the Fortune 500, operate in one or more "tax haven" countries, the most popular of which is the Netherlands, followed by Bermuda and the Cayman Islands. Collectively these companies hold about $US2.5 trillion in profits offshore, and the report singles out some of the worst culprits as Apple, Citigroup, Nike, Pfizer, PepsiCo, Goldman Sachs, Walmart and Google. After all this time and money is spent Australians will not get a clearer picture of how US companies dodge tax here and elsewhere. Taxpayers will have to continue to rely on such reports and media leaks like the Panama Papers to get that. The story How multinational tax transparency got killed off by Australia's business lobbies first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Pokolbin woman in Christchurch earthquake | PHOTOS Sydney crime figure Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Earlwood street Malcolm Turnbull turns attack on ABC and the 'elite media' for distracting people Bill Shorten vows Labor will put Australian workers first New Zealand earthquake: Weather hampers rescue of stranded residents Editor's Picks High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Springfest returns Saturday | PHOTOS Council buys five properties wiped out in super storm | PHOTOS, VIDEO New Maitland hospital to be built and run by private sector Levee arch closer to reality | PHOTOS Popular High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Roos behind fences during Great Race Get on the buses to avoid any problems Done just in the nick of time Road safety a top priority Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Pokolbin woman in Christchurch earthquake | PHOTOS A former Pokolbin woman was caught in the Christchurch earthquake which struck on Monday morning. Supermoon shines on Australia Was it super for you? Check out some of the photos from our mastheads around the nation. Police raids in Gillieston Heights and Rutherford | Photos Police operations, including riot police and dog squad, at Gillieston Heights and Rutherford. Fairfax Front Pages: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Today's Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Ag and Rural Celebrations Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone sales rise sequentially while iPad levels out Chris Burns - Oct 25, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple quarterly earnings for Q4 2016 show the iPhone unit sales rise sequentially and fall year-over-year. In Apple’s Q4 of 2015, iPhone unit sales reached over 48 million, while this quarter the company hit 45.5 million in unit sales. This is a 5% change year-over-year in unit sales, while revenue fell 17%. This most recent quarter, Apple’s Q3 2016, resulted in 40.4 million in unit sales of the iPhone. Each time we mention the iPhone here, mind you, we’re talking about the iPhone category. Apple separates its products into a number of categories for quarterly earnings reports, including iPhone, iPad, Mac, Services, and Other Products. Other Products includes sales of Apple TV, Apple Watch, iPod, Beats products, and third-party accessories (sold through the Apple store). SEE: iPhone earnings “stall” was inevitable Compared to Apple’s iPhone sales – and every other product category on down to services – Other Products is a tiny category. This reinforces data provided this week by IDC that shows smartwatch unit shipments tanking around the world. As revenue for the iPad has stopped up at 0% revenue change year-over-year, it’s unclear whether that category will be folded into Other Products at some point in the future. Mac unit sales have gone down by 14% year over year, with a 17% revenue change in that time. Sequentially, Mac sales have gone up. This could very well be because the three months ending on September 24th includes School Shopping season. iPhone sales going up in the past three months has a lot to do with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus being released, too. What’s surprising is the fact that the iPad sold fewer units in Q4 than in Q3. This is a period where one might expect the tablet to see more sales because of the school shopping season – but no such dice. Story Timeline Apple earnings lead off with 17 million iPads sold Apple Earnings break records for Q1 2015 Apple earnings crush it in China again Apple's iPhone earnings "stall" was inevitable Tags AppleearningsiOSiPhoneiPhone 7iPhone 7 PlusPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Several SF election contests still up in the air Left turns whittled down on SF’s Van Ness Avenue Half Moon Bay accountant, 70, arrested in embezzlement probe UC Santa Cruz police investigate possible hate-crime assault Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr debunks Klay Thompson trade rumor 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs PG&E plugs fast-rising executive Geisha Williams into CEO role Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-announces-revenue-decline-but-is-optimistic-10324383.php Apple announces revenue decline but is optimistic about iPhone 7 By Wendy Lee Updated 9:41 pm, Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Buy photo Apple CEO Tim Cook, singer Sia, and dancer Maddie Ziegler leave the stage following a September Apple event in San Francisco. On Tuesday, Apple reported that its fourth quarter revenue declined 9 percent year-over-year, as consumers waited to get their hands on the latest iPhone. less Apple CEO Tim Cook, singer Sia, and dancer Maddie Ziegler leave the stage following a September Apple event in San Francisco. On Tuesday, Apple reported that its fourth quarter revenue declined 9 percent ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 2 of 4 FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. Apple said in a lawsuit filed Monday, Oct. 17, 2016, that it has been buying Apple products labeled as genuine on Amazon.com and has found nearly 90 percent of them are counterfeit. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) less FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. Apple said in a lawsuit filed Monday, Oct. 17, 2016, ... more Photo: Kiichiro Sato, Associated Press Image 3 of 4 Image 4 of 4 Apple announces revenue decline but is optimistic about iPhone 7 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Apple reported Tuesday that its fourth-quarter revenue declined 9 percent from last year to $46.9 billion, as people waited to get their hands on the latest iPhone. IPhone sales represent 60 percent of Apple’s overall revenue. With the newest device — the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus — being released in mid-September, the tail end of Apple’s fiscal fourth quarter, it did not have a large impact on the results. IPhone sales declined 13 percent in the fourth quarter to $28.2 billion. “The iPhone is the biggest factor that drives earnings models,” said Neil Cybart with Above Avalon, a site that analyzes Apple’s business. Speaking before Apple’s earnings release, Cybart said that even if Apple’s other products — like the iPad, Mac and Apple Watch — were to see a sales increase, “nothing is going to impact the business as much as the iPhone.” Analysts said they believe demand is brisk for the iPhone 7 and are optimistic that sales of the new models will grow in 2017. Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company has been “thrilled with the customer response” to the newest iPhones. ALSO Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars “Demand continues to outstrip supply, but we’re working very hard to get them in customers’ hands as quickly as possible,” Cook said in a call with investors. Apple said it expects first quarter revenue to be between $76 billion and $78 billion in its next fiscal year, a higher forecast than what some analysts expected. The company’s fourth-quarter revenue of $46.9 billion nearly met analysts’ estimates of $47 billion, according to FactSet. The Cupertino tech giant reported profit of $9 billion ($1.67 per share), beating analysts’ estimates by a penny. The results for the quarter, which ended Sept. 24, marks the third consecutive quarter of declines from the same period the previous year. IPhone sales have been hurt by tough comparisons to the blockbuster iPhone 6, which went on sale in the U.S. in 2014, and weaker sales in Greater China — a region that includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Apple said it saw fourth-quarter iPhone sales grow in places like Canada and the Middle East, and believes that it will see sales grow again next quarter in Greater China. Apple’s outlook for its 2017 fiscal year has caused analysts to believe that sales for the iPhone 7 will beat its immediate predecessor, the 6S. “When people step back and think about this quarter and (the forecast), they should feel better that the iPhone is returning to growth,” said Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray. In addition, Samsung’s problems with its Galaxy Note7 smartphones that have exploded may also push more people to switch to an iPhone, said Abhey Lamba, an analyst with Mizuho Securities USA Inc. “Those issues that Samsung (experienced) probably go beyond Note7 and could impact Samsung’s brand,” Lamba said. “Apple benefits from that.” Still, there is pressure on Apple to continue to expand other product categories, so that it is not overly reliant on iPhone sales. Apple said revenue in its services category, which includes Apple Music subscriptions and sales from its App Store, grew 24 percent to $6.3 billion in its fourth quarter compared to a year ago. Mac sales declined 17 percent from last year’s fourth quarter. But Apple is expected to unveil a new MacBook model at a press event on Thursday. On Tuesday, the company was mum over potential new products. Cook declined to comment on speculation about a new car. “We look for ways that we can improve the experience on different sets of products, and we’re always looking at new things,” Cook said. “The car space in general is an area (where) there (are) a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionize the car experience.” And as rivals have built Internet-connected home devices like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, Cook indicated that having a digital assistant on a smartphone, as opposed to a stand-alone device, to help control the home is sufficient. “The advantage of having an assistant on your phone (is) it’s with you all the time,” he said. Cook also said India will become a bigger market for Apple as that country adds more 4G wireless networks. “We believe we’re just beginning to scratch the surface of this large and growing market opportunity,” he said. Apple stock closed at $118.25 per share on Tuesday, up 60 cents. The company said it is giving a cash dividend of 57 cents per share of its common stock on Nov. 10, for people who have been shareholders since Nov. 7. Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Racist graffiti met by mass ‘greeting’ events Latest News BART delays after cover pops off third rail Man fatally shot in West Oakland Suspect on the loose after opening fire on officers in SJ Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months The 6 most surprising things from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 Post-war San Francisco under construction Drugs and 'unspeakable dance halls': Tenderloin history Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 2 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 5 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 6 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 7 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 8 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 9 Megyn Kelly says Donald Trump tried to give her free flights... 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Announces Services Revenue Growth of 24% for Q4 2016, iPhone Sales Drop GO It's an all-time quarterly record of $6.3 billion for Apple Oct 25, 2016 21:20 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Just a few moments ago, Apple announced the financial results for the fourth quarter (Q4) of its fiscal 2016 year, which ended on the 24th of September, showing a revenue growth of 24 percent for its services. According to a press announcement published this morning, the company made a quarterly net income of $9 billion and quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share, which shows a decline from last year's Q4 of $51.5 billion quarterly revenue and $11.1 billion quarterly net income, or $1.96 per diluted share. It appears that the gross margin was 38%, which is also in decline compared to Q4 2015's 39.9%. However, all sales are down lately according to the new records, and the Cupertino company sold 5% fewer iPhone devices, while iPad and Mac sales decreased as well for Q4, by 5% and 14%, respectively. Approximately 62% of sales came from international sales. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. "We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record." Apple experienced its first annual sales decline since 2001 Unfortunately, Apple's sales weren't so good for the entire 2016 fiscal year, and the company saw its first annual sales decline since 2001. However, Apple has faith that its revenue will see a significant growth in the fiscal 2017 first quarter (Q1), with revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion and a gross margin of 38% or 38.5%. Moreover, Apple forecasts operating expenses of between $6.9 billion and $7 billion, other income or expense of $400 million, and a tax rate of 26 percent. The company is holding its Q4 2016 financial results conference call right now, which started at 2:00 p.m. PDT on October 25, 2016. Show Press Release #Apple#Q4#revenue#iPhone sales#iPad sales subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple to Skip iPhone 8 and 9, Launch 2017 Model as “iPhone 10,” Analyst Says Next iPhone Could Be Made of Transparent Glass, Unlikely Rumor Claims Apple Releases iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 iPhone 7 Not Convincing Too Many Android Users to Jump Ship OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac Ubuntu Online Summit for Ubuntu 17.04 (Zesty Zapus) Starts Today, November 15 darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE    Apple reports fourth quarter results New Mac Apps IP Address Menu: A minimalist and unobtrusive Mac OS X application that resides in your status bar menu and allows you to see your current IP address in no time. TextMate: A user friendly Mac OS X text editor designed to provide support for programmers and designers that need an efficient tool for writing code and markup. Be Focused Pro: Minimalist status bar menu application that helps you incorporate the Pomodoro technique into your workflow, and to keep track of your tasks ChronoSync: Customizable synchronization and backup solution that is able to automatically copy data between various volumes, or to create bootable backups. Nice Generator: User-friendly password generator for OS X that can create highly personalized passkeys that include specific characters or symbols Nice Clock: Place a stylish clock icon in your Mac's dock, chose from a variety of color themes and add a useful widget in the Notification Center, with this nifty app Mobile Mouse Server: A server software that accompanies the Mobile Mouse application for iOS / Android and enables you to transform your iPhone and iPod touch into a remote controller for your Mac Reader comments Load old comments   iPhone 7 Becomes Best-Selling Smartphone, Pushes Apple Closer to Android more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide iPhone sales slump. Apple still raking in billions The tech giant points to strong iPhone 7 sales as reason to be optimistic. Sarah Tew/CNET iPhone sales slump. Apple still raking in billions 0 Share: Phones by Ben Fox Rubin October 25, 2016 3:46 PM PDT @benfoxrubin Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech The heyday of Apple's lights-out iPhone growth has passed. Since introducing the hugely popular iPhone 6 two years ago, the tech giant has labored to spark the intense consumer passion it has counted on to make the iPhone an even-better seller year after year. Apple is still struggling to reignite interest. The iPhone 7, which went on sale last month, has an improved camera and is water resistant. But it looks an awful lot like the iPhone 6, and that may not give consumers enough enticement to upgrade. Apple's iPhone difficulties were clear for everyone to see on Tuesday, when the company released its financial results for the quarter ended Sept. 24. The company reported its third straight quarter of weaker iPhone sales, marking its first fiscal year of lower phone sales since the blockbuster device was introduced in 2007. Sales and profit for the year were also down. Overall, the company sold 45.5 million iPhones, five percent fewer than the 48 million it sold in the same quarter a year earlier. However, the performance surpassed Wall Street's forecast of 44.2 million units, according to Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi. The performance, which comes ahead of a product announcement on Thursday that is expected to feature new Mac computers, highlights the trouble Apple faces with phone fatigue. The iPhone 6 and 6S met many consumers' expectations so now fewer people feel the need to upgrade. And new phones, like Google's Pixel and Pixel XL, are getting favorable reviews, which might tempt some would-be iPhone buyers. Those could become big problems for Apple, since it relies on the iPhone for most of its sales. 41 iPhone 7 launches around the world Of course, Apple still telegraphed strength going into the holiday season. The company forecast revenue for the current quarter -- the first full quarter to benefit from iPhone 7 sales -- will be between $76 billion and $78 billion, compared with analyst estimates of $74.98 billion, according to Yahoo Finance. The quarter is especially important, because it's the biggest period for iPhone sales. Revenue for the fourth quarter fell 9 percent but was still a tidy $46.85 billion. Analysts expected $46.89 billion. Net income dropped to $9.01 billion, or $1.67 a share, from $11.1 billion, or $1.96 a share, a year ago. Wall Street was looking for per-share earnings of $1.65. Shares fell nearly 3 percent after-hours. Still top dog Despite the softer phone sales, Apple executives have plenty of reasons to keep their heads up. Apple is the world's highest-valued company and it's far from losing its dominance in phones. Additionally, its top rival Samsung stumbled badly in recent months when it recalled and ceased production on its Galaxy Note 7 phone after several devices caught fire. Indeed, demand for the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus -- particularly the 7 Plus -- is outstripping supply in many places, CEO Tim Cook told analysts in a call following the earnings release. "Some reports will focus on Apple having a weak quarter, which ignores the fact that it continues to be the most profitable device maker on the planet and there seems little evidence that will end any time soon," Ben Wood, chief of research at analyst firm CCS Insight, said ahead of the earnings report. Additionally, hints have already come out that the next iPhone, to be released on the device's 10-year anniversary, should have several big design changes, such as the home-button being integrated into the screen. 17 Pixel vs. iPhone 7 Plus camera comparison Still, weakness was evident in the earnings. Apple's sales in Greater China continued to slump, dropping 30 percent from a year ago, though Apple executives said those sales should see improvement in the current quarter. And Mac sales fell 14 percent to 4.9 million units, following with weaker sales overall for computers. Unit sales for iPads continued their decline, hitting an 11th straight month of lower sales. Apple sold 9.3 million iPads, down 6 percent, but beating Wall Street's estimate of 9.1 million. Revenue was essentially flat, though, thanks to the higher-priced iPad Pro. Services revenue, which includes AppleCare and Apple Pay, continued to perform well, rising 24 percent. Originally published at 1:54 p.m. PT. Updated, 3:46 p.m. PT: Adds more context from analyst call. Tags Apple Phones Earnings Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 15 Apple said to be mulling new focus on smart glasses Nov 14 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda All Apple Stories Related Stories Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything we know so far about Samsung's 2017 rebound phone Use the force, Samsung: Galaxy S8 could feature a pressure-sensitive screen BlackBerry has one more keyboard phone up its sleeve The best phones you need to consider for 2016 Close   Discuss: iPhone sales slump. Apple still raking in... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Apple spins services with iPhone sales slumping AFP on October 26, 2016, 9:07 am Apple profit slips 19% to $9 bn on lower iPhone sales Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple profit slips 19% to $9 bn on lower iPhone sales - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr San Francisco (AFP) - Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on the company's efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. The company said Tuesday that profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending September 24. Revenue fell nine percent to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September, and was likely to benefit from the woes of rival Samsung, suffering from a massive recall of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments, Apple TV and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. The world's largest company by market value closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. Apple shares fell 2.7 percent in after-hours trade following the release. "Previously, Apple was able to rely on strong sales of phones, tablets and computers to drive up revenue and profit across all geographies. This is no longer the case," said Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino. Still, Saunders noted that "Apple is being judged by its own incredibly high standards," and that "even with the dips in growth it remains a phenomenally successful business that is far from running out of steam." - More than device maker - Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a device maker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," Gillett said. Apple's results showed a six percent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 percent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 percent from a year to $8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 percent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. On a call with analysts, Cook declined to comment on what Apple has in the pipeline but did indicate the company was investing in "products in the development phase which have not yet reached the market." Asked to explain the sharp rise in research and development spending, Cook said, "We're confidently investing in the future." Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple profit slips 19% to $9 bn on lower iPhone sales - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Salim Mehajer shares happy snap after 'ice-cream arrest'. Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Sydney's south west A man found suffering multiple gunshot wounds in Sydney's south west was reportedly a notorious gangland crime figure. UNCOVERED: You won't believe this retro home video of Bec Hewitt We've got our hands on exclusive footage from Bec's first ever Logies Judge orders Brendan Dassey, of Making a Murderer, to be released A federal judge has ordered Brendan Dassey, who featured in the hit documentary Making a Murderer, to be granted supervised release from prison. How WA Bachelor stars kept their lesbian romance secret After spending the weekend soaking up in the sun at Bondi Beach, WA’s Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon have revealed they kept people in the dark about their romantic relationship for months before … Man who 'wanted child-free life' found guilty in death of toddler left in hot car A US man accused of wanting a child-free life was found guilty of murdering his toddler by leaving him in a sweltering car to die two years ago. Show Me More Recommended Videos Compare & Save Personal Loans Unsecured Personal Loan - Fixed comp. rate p.a. 9.26% Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 12.83% Fixed Rate Personal Loan-Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 15.99% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 16.85% Unsecured Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.12% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 13.84% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Variable Rate Personal Loan-Unsec comp. rate p.a. 16.72% Important Disclosures Compare more Car Loans Car Loan (New) comp. rate p.a. 5.49% Low Rate Car Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 5.93% Advantage Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.49% Fast Loan - Low Rate - New Car comp. rate p.a. 6.73% New Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Fast Approval Secure Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Important Disclosures Compare more Home Loans Basic Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.60% Discount Variable Home Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 3.84% Fresh Start Basic Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.94% Great Rate Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.09% Fresh Start Variable Rate Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.12% Important Disclosures Compare more Credit Cards frank credit card purch. rate p.a. 11.99% Vertigo Platinum purch. rate p.a. 12.74% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Low Rate purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Card purch. rate p.a. 13.99% Rewards purch. rate p.a. 18.79% Amplify Classic purch. rate p.a. 19.49% First purch. rate p.a. 19.74% Important Disclosures Compare more Savings Accounts High Interest Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.20% Online Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Online Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Bonus Saver max rate p.a. 2.80% Savings Maximiser max rate p.a. 2.75% Online Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Progress Saver max rate p.a. 1.91% Important Disclosures Compare more Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Why Hillary Clinton could still become president Man shot in leg after dashcam captures him trying to flee while cop clings to car Football star floored after fan throws exploding flare onto pitch WATCH: Oh deer! Unlikely intruder's daring escape from shop Mongoose horde invades golf course OUR PICKS Good Samaritan may lose hearing after having ear bitten off in brawl Man stabbed five-year-old girl in 'sexually motivated' attack Superfetation: Medical phenomenon sees Brisbane woman falls pregnant twice in 10 days 'I looked up and at that moment the branch fell' MOST VIEWED WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple profit slips 19% to US$9b on lower iPhone sales News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple profit slips 19% to US$9b on lower iPhone sales Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on its move to ease dependence on its smartphone. Posted 26 Oct 2016 04:55 Updated 26 Oct 2016 06:15 The new iPhone 7 smartphone. (AFP/Jack Taylor) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on its move to ease dependence on its smartphone. The company said on Tuesday (Oct 25) that profit fell 19 per cent to US$9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending Sep 24. Revenue fell nine percent to US$46.9 billion from US$51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone - Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver - down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 per cent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. The world's largest company by market value closed out its fiscal year ending Sep 24 with a net profit of US$45.7 billion on revenues of US$215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. Apple shares fell 2.7 per cent in after-hours trade following the release. "Previously, Apple was able to rely on strong sales of phones, tablets and computers to drive up revenue and profit across all geographies. This is no longer the case," said Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino. Still, Saunders noted that "Apple is being judged by its own incredibly high standards," and that "even with the dips in growth it remains a phenomenally successful business that is far from running out of steam. MORE THAN DEVICEMAKER Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a devicemaker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," GIllett said. Apple's results showed a six per cent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 per cent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to US$6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 per cent from a year to US$8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 per cent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. On a call with analysts, Cook declined to comment on what Apple has in the pipeline but did indicate the company was investing in "products in the development phase which have not yet reached the market." Asked to explain the sharp rise in research and development spending, Cook said, "We're confidently investing in the future." - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Earnings GoPro shows its vulnerability after horrific Q3 earnings Sony’s profit down 86% but its costly mobile business has been shored up China’s ZTO Express stumbles in its NYSE debut after raising $1.4B in IPO Browse more... Apple The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... iPhones Windows Phone Shrinks In Android-Dominated Europe, As New iPhones Boost iOS’ Share Apple Sold 39.3M iPhones During The iPhone 6 Launch Quarter, 12.3M iPads And 5.5M Macs Asian Mobile Makers Squeeze Apple’s Global Smartphone Share To Its Lowest For 3-Years In Record 230M Unit Q2 Browse more... iPhone revenues and unit sales dip in Q4 with 45.5M devices sold Posted Oct 25, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Apple signals a return to sales growth for the holidays in its fourth-quarter earnings Apple is still selling a lot of iPhones, but the numbers are continuing to slide from 2015 numbers. The company reported Q4 2016 iPhones sales of 45.51 million units. This compares to 48 million units sold in the same quarter of last year. These numbers are largely in keeping, if not slightly better, than Wall Street expectations. Analysts were expecting Apple to ship 45 million iPhones this quarter. In a press release, Apple CEO Tim Cook voiced that the company was “thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus,” but it’s clear that there’s a bit of slowdown in the category. There was a 13 percent year-over-year revenue decline in iPhone sales in addition to the 5 percent decline in unit sales. In the earnings call, Cook interestingly said that the iPhone saw year-over-year growth in 33 of its top 40 markets, perhaps signaling that much of the revenue decline came from its largest markets. This quarter, overall revenues in the Americas fell 7 percent while revenues in Greater China tanked 30 percent. Conversely, Cook detailed that iPhone sales in India were up 50 percent in fiscal 2016 from the previous year. Due to supply constraints, Apple notably did not report launch-weekend sales of its iPhone 7 devices. Cook noted that with iPhone sales, “demand continues to outstrip supply.” Apple CFO Luca Maestri noted that the iPhone 7 Plus in particular was having trouble keeping up with demand. In an answer to an investor question, Cook said that he believed iPhone 7 production would catch up with demand by the end of the quarter but was skeptical whether iPhone 7 Plus would reach equilibrium by December. Updating 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes iPhones Apple Earnings Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch DroneBase raises from Union Square to pay any pilot for aerial footage 5 minutes ago | Josh Constine Valuation metrics show weakening for the fourth straight quarter 8 minutes ago | Connie Loizos A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois Comment moderation powered by Up Next Apple signals a return to sales growth for the holidays in its fourth-quarter earnings Posted Oct 25, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:54pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple boosted by iPhone 7 demand, slowing pace of sales decline By Alex Webb 9:43 AM Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Internet Mobile Phones Technology After releasing a new version of its bestselling device, Apple likely sold 45 million units of all types of iPhones in the most-recent fiscal quarter ending September. Photo / AP Apple's fourth-quarter results were bolstered by robust early demand for the iPhone 7, analysts predicted, helping slow the pace of a sales slump for the world's most valuable company. After releasing a new version of its bestselling device in September, Apple likely sold 45 million units of all types of iPhones in the most-recent fiscal quarter ending September 24, according to Wall Street estimates. Revenue probably slipped for a third straight quarter, by 9 per cent, though that's smaller than the 15 percent decline in the preceding period, forecasts indicate. Unlike previous smartphone rollouts, Apple didn't publish first-weekend sales data after the iPhone 7's September, 16th release. That means the company's fiscal fourth-quarter results, due after the market closes on Tuesday, will give the first major clues on how consumers responded to the new device. Apple benefited from an earlier product launch this time, giving the company a week longer than usual to market the device. Even so, Apple's growth is being held back by rising competition from lower priced alternatives, especially in China, and smartphone saturation in many parts of the world. Shortfalls in components are also putting a lid on iPhone supply, analysts said. Apple will likely guide that "iPhone 7 is off to a good start, but supply remains constrained," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note to investors on Sunday. Watch: iPhone 7 revealed Video For other analysts, the iPhone 7 is a stopgap ahead of a more significant upgrade in 2017 to coincide with the 10-year anniversary of the first iPhone. Continued below. Related Content Wall Street moves lower, earnings disappoint Surfer claims iPhone 7 exploded into flames inside his car First headphone jack, now USB port: New MacBook set to be unveiled next week "iPhone 7 is proving an effective 'bridge' to the iPhone 10 super-cycle in 2017, where a powder keg of a dramatically aging installed base lurks just under the surface," Cowen & Co. analyst Tim Arcuri said in a note to clients last week. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook may be relieved to see the back of the 2016 fiscal year. The company likely endured its first annual revenue decline in 15 years as global smartphone demand ebbed. Share buybacks and a beefed-up dividend helped limit the repercussions for Apple shares, which declined slightly over the course of the year. The S&P 500 climbed 12 percent in the same period. Investors will be particularly focused on China, where Apple's sales decline has been more pronounced. Competition has increased in Asia's largest economy from local rivals offering cheaper phones with similar specifications. There were 32 percent fewer iPhones activated in China in Apple's fiscal fourth quarter compared with a year earlier, according to an estimate from research firm JL Warren Capital. The iPhone 7 was released a week earlier than prior models, which is likely to boost fourth-quarter sales, according to Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski. Apple has struggled to meet demand for the device, which has been boosted by the problems endured by competitor Samsung Electronics, she said. That could help Apple's sales in the crucial holiday quarter. iPhone 7 is proving an effective 'bridge' to the iPhone 10 super-cycle in 2017, where a powder keg of a dramatically aging installed base lurks just under the surface. Cowen & Co. analyst Tim Arcuri The South Korean company recently ended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 handset after some devices caught fire. When Apple reports results on Tuesday, it will also provide a sales forecast for the final months of 2016. Analysts currently anticipate sales of $75.3 billion (NZ$105.16 b) for that period, in line with its revenue a year earlier. With the smartphone market slowing, Apple has placed greater emphasis on its services business, which includes iTunes, iCloud and the App Store. The division has become Apple's fastest growing and in the latest quarter it likely benefited from the popularity of Pokemon Go, according to Piper Jaffray's Munster. The augmented reality game was introduced at the start of July and Apple takes a 30 per cent cut of any sales when the game is played on its devices, via its App Store. - Washington Post By Alex Webb Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Roger Moroney: The seasons of fire and rain This week's literary lecture is titled 'Fire and Rain'...which I suppose is quite fitting… Hawke's Bay Today First chick hatches at Cape Kidnappers The first chick of the Bay's great gannet colony has hatched, albeit a few weeks early… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 15 Nov 2016 13:54:08 Processing Time: 794ms
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (26) Post your comment Apple leaks its upcoming MacBook Pro with OLED strip and Touch ID 25 October 2016 In a couple of days Apple is holding an event during which it will finally refresh the extremely long in the tooth MacBook Pro line of laptops. Details about the features of the new models have been leaking for months now, but today we get a confirmation for a few of them from the unlikeliest of sources: Apple itself. Hidden inside the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 version that started going out yesterday are two images depicting the upcoming MacBook Pro. But wait, that's not all! The oft-rumored OLED strip is clearly shown above the row of number keys. This will replace the function keys, and will show you different things depending on context. Needless to say, it's touch-sensitive. It turns out the strip has another trick up its sleeve, though - the Touch ID fingerprint scanner seems to be part of it, not the power button as previously thought. So, in the example above, if you want to confirm an Apple Pay transaction, you just place your finger at the far right end of the strip, and that's it. This OLED touch panel may end up being called Magic Toolbar, because Apple really, really likes the word "magic". The overall design of the new MacBook Pro is not a huge departure from past models, which might squash some people's dreams. The 13-inch model seems to be shown in these images, and if so then it means it will get speakers to the sides of the keyboard as you can see. The hinge is redesigned too, so past rumors saying the next MacBook Pro generation will be thinner may pan out indeed. The keys look flatter than on this laptop's predecessors, as Apple could have opted to use the new butterfly mechanism first tried in the 12-inch MacBook. Aside from two MacBook Pros (13" and 15" versions), a new 13" MacBook Air is expected on Thursday. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple posts Q4 2016 earnings: $46.9 billion in revenue amid strong iPhone sales Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share It's earnings season and all eyes in the tech world were laser focused on Apple today as the iPhone maker posted its earnings results for the recent September quarter. After the bell, Apple released its Q4 2016 earnings report and posted revenue of $46.9 billion and a net quarterly profit of $9 billion . With respect to overall earnings per share, Apple posted EPS of $1.67. By way of contrast, Apple during the year-ago quarter posted revenue of $51.5 billion and a quarterly profit of $11.1 billion. Meanwhile, Apple's EPS during its fiscal fourth quarter last year checked in at $1.96 DON'T MISS: The difference between iPhone users and Android users Leading up to today's earnings report, analysts were anticipating Apple to post revenue in the $47.1 billion range and to deliver 44.93 million iPhone sales, 9.16 million in iPad sales and 5.15 million in Mac sales. Apple's EPS for the quarter was expected to come in at $1.66. During the quarter, Apple's sales figures came in as follows: 45.5 million in iPhone sales, 9.2 million in iPad sales and 4.8 million in Mac sales. All in all, it was an impressive if not surprising showing for Apple, especially on the iPhone front. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” Tim Cook said in a press release. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” Looking ahead to Apple's holiday quarter, the company is anticipating revenue to fall in the range $76 billion and $78 billion. During the last holiday quarter, Apple posted revenue of $74.6 billion. As it stands now, Apple's cash hoard now stands at $237 billion. In after hours trading, shares of Apple were down nearly 3%. Developing... Trending right now: The difference between iPhone users and Android users The 10 best paid iPhone apps on sale for free today AT&T’s internet-only TV service will give you over 100 channels for $35 a month See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network

CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s record quarterly earnings hinged on ‘Services’ Brittany A. Roston - Oct 25, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has announced its Q4 earnings for the quarter ending on September 24, saying it made $46.9 billion in revenue with a $9 billion net income (working out to $1.67/diluted share). Company CEO Tim Cook called the quarter successful, saying, ‘We’re thrilled with the customer response’ to the company’s newest products, ‘as well as the incredible momentum of our Services businesses,’ the latter of which set a new record for Apple. Says Apple, its Services revenue hit a quarter record of $6.3 billion, representing a substantial 24-percent growth. A total of 62-percent of last quarter’s revenue came from international sales, while gross margin was down just slightly year-on-year at 38-percent versus 39.9-percent. The September quarter also boasts a new record operating cash flow at $16.1 billion. As far as the revenue and net income goes, both were down slightly year-on-year, with this past quarter’s $46.9 billion revenue being contrasted with last year’s $51.5 billion and this past quarter’s net income of $9 billion being contrasted with last year’s $11.1 billion. Still, the holiday season is upon us and Apple is looking up, saying it expects its fiscal Q1 2017 quarter to bring in between $76b and $78 billion in revenue with a 38- to 38.5-percent gross margin and operating expenses betwixt $6.9b and $7 billion. Apple also expects a tax rate of 26-percent and other income/expenses totaling $400 million. SOURCE: Apple Story Timeline 1964 Aston Martin DB5 sold via $1M Apple Pay purchase Apple event to focus on new MacBooks, not iMac, says analyst Three MacBook Pro models leaked before Apple event Tags AppleBusinessfinancialquarterly earnings Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple spins services with iPhone sales slumping By Afp Published: 18:12 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 18:13 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail Apple's quarterly profit slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered some optimism on the company's efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. The company said Tuesday that profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion in the fiscal quarter ending September 24. Revenue fell nine percent to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London ©Jack Taylor (Jack Taylor/AFP/File) The quarterly update only provided limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September, and was likely to benefit from the woes of rival Samsung, suffering from a massive recall of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phone. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation that has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments, Apple TV and streaming music. Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record," he said in a statement. The world's largest company by market value closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. Apple shares fell 2.7 percent in after-hours trade following the release. "Previously, Apple was able to rely on strong sales of phones, tablets and computers to drive up revenue and profit across all geographies. This is no longer the case," said Neil Saunders of the research firm Conlumino. Still, Saunders noted that "Apple is being judged by its own incredibly high standards," and that "even with the dips in growth it remains a phenomenally successful business that is far from running out of steam." - More than device maker - Frank Gillett, a Forrester Research analyst, said the results show Apple is making progress in diversifying its mix of products and services as smartphone sales stagnate. "The rise of services shows they're more than a device maker," Gillett said. "It's indicative of the depth of engagement of their customers." The more consumers use Apple applications and services, "the less likely they will switch to a rival," Gillett said. Apple's results showed a six percent drop in iPad unit sales and a 14 percent decline in the number of Mac computers sold. While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings. In the key "Greater China" market, Apple said revenues were down 30 percent from a year to $8.8 billion. But the company noted a 10 percent rise in revenue from Japan and cited gains in other global markets. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said Apple "met most expectations but didn't have a great quarter" with sales of its main products lower. "I'm suspecting there may have been availability issues on the iPhone 7 and Watch," Moorhead said. Still, Apple "had a banner quarter in services" which is a positive sign, according to the analyst. "It's important the investment community take a long view versus looking at short-term growth estimates as a knee-jerk Apple response would only work against the company and the stock price," Moorhead said. On a call with analysts, Cook declined to comment on what Apple has in the pipeline but did indicate the company was investing in "products in the development phase which have not yet reached the market." Asked to explain the sharp rise in research and development spending, Cook said, "We're confidently investing in the future." Chief executive Tim Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they "cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple" ©Josh Edelson (AFP/File) While iPhone sales accounted for more than half of revenues, services revenue grew to $6.3 billion as the company expanded services such as Apple Pay and its enterprise offerings ©Karim Sahib (AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:54 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 6 mins Apple quarterly profit slips 19% on lower iPhone salesAFP – Tue, Oct 25, 2016 10:05 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The new iPhone 7 smartphone is on display on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London Apple said Tuesday its profit over the past quarter fell 19 percent to $9 billion, pulled down by a widely expected drop in iPhone sales. The world's biggest company by market value said revenue in its fiscal fourth quarter fell to $46.9 billion from $51.5 billion a year earlier. The results were largely in line with market forecasts and showed sales of the iPhone -- Apple's biggest revenue and profit driver -- down five percent from a year ago to 45.5 million units. The quarterly update only provides limited information on the reception of the newest iPhone models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were released in early September. Analysts were expecting declines in iPhone sales with many smartphone markets saturated, a situation which has led Apple to focus on new products like the Apple Watch and services like mobile payments and streaming music. Chief executive Time Cook welcomed what he called "our strong September quarter results," saying they :cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple." Cook said in a statement: "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record." Apple closed out its fiscal year ending September 24 with a net profit of $45.7 billion on revenues of $215.6 billion, both figures lower than the prior year. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7569 +0.0013 +0.18% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6051 +0.0007 +0.12% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7028 -0.0003 -0.04% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Apple Revenue Drops For Third Consecutive Quarter The Hollywood ReporterOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple sold more iPhones than analysts were expecting but the electronics giant still posted year-over-year revenue declines that have some questioning the longterm growth potential for its signature business.  The Cupertino, Calif., iPhone maker reported fiscal fourth quarter revenue of $46.9 billion, down 9 percent from the same period last year. Earnings fell 19 percent to $1.67 per share. The company's financial results were in line with analyst expectations. Wall Street, polled by Thomson Reuters, was expecting revenue of $46.9 billion and earnings of $1.65 a share. But this quarter marks the third consecutive decline in quarterly revenue, which contributed to a slight drop in share price during after-hours trading on the Nasdaq.   Apple sold 45.51 million iPhones during the quarter, slightly more than the 45 million analysts were anticipating. The new iPhone 7 went on sale just two week before the end of the quarter, so this next quarter will be where most of those sales are reflected. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2," CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.  Meanwhile, Apple's services division, which includes revenue from Apple Music, Apple Pay and other non-hardware offerings, was up 24 percent to a record $6.3 billion. Cook noted in his statement that the segment was seeing "incredible momentum."  The company is anticipating a strong holiday sales season, issuing revenue guidance for the fiscal first quarter of 2017 between $76 billion and $78 billion.  Apple shares closed up less than one percent at $118.25. More to come. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Apple's iPhone 8 just keeps looking better and better The Street REVIEW: The new MacBook Pro is the best laptop you can buy Business Insider US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains Associated Press Amazon Music Unlimited launches in the UK, with Echo as its secret weapon CNET Use the force, Samsung: Galaxy S8 could feature a pressure-sensitive screen CNET Family: 'Deadliest Catch' star injured in assault Associated Press Journalist Gwen Ifill dies at age 61 Yahoo News Video Marriage Equality ‘Settled’ but Abortion Isn’t: Trump Contradicts on ‘60 Minutes’ Yahoo Beauty Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump AFP President Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic,' not an ‘ideologue' Yahoo News Video Scott Disick Shares Sexy Photo of Kourtney Kardashian's Butt During Mexico Vacation Entertainment Tonight Obama says ‘pragmatic’ Trump may struggle to undo his legacy Yahoo News Week 10 fantasy wrap: Ezekiel Elliott tops Mostly NFL Notes Roto Arcade Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman Reuters Silicon Valley backed super-PAC uses social pressures to attack Trump Ron: The very rich know it will be best for them if Hillary wins the election. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3k Judge orders release of ‘Making a Murderer’ subject Brendan Dassey Yahoo News Video Remains of Missing Daughter of Piano Guys' Jon Schmidt Found, He Says Good Morning America Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider Wanda Sykes Booed in Boston for Criticizing Donald Trump: ‘F— All Y’all’ The Wrap Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion buyout offer - Bloomberg Reuters 'Michigan Rattlers' Talk Inspiration Behind Their Music and Perform 'Sweet Diane' ABC News Videos Mike Evans indicates on Instagram he didn't vote before protesting Donald Trump Shutdown Corner PBS Newshour's Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 TVLine.com Antidiscrimination groups denounce Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon Yahoo News Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump rally resumes, bond yields spike Yahoo Finance Video Inside Iraqi Forces Fight for Mosul Yahoo News Video Hillary Clinton is Winning the Popular Vote Cosmopolitan Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Girl Gets Parting Gift When Beloved Tree Is Removed From Her Yard Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 7681 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales. Post to Facebook Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eOm5xd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 17 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple shares fall 3% after another dip in quarterly sales Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 11:07 a.m. EDT October 26, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Apple beat analyst estimates of earnings per share and iPhone units sold, but not revenue. USA TODAY The Apple logo. (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY) 7681 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Apple reported its first annual dip in sales in more than a decade Tuesday, underscoring softening iPhone sales. The Silicon Valley company's fiscal year 2016 revenue of $215.6 billion declined 8% from the $233.7 billion it rang up the previous fiscal year. It's the first drop for Apple since 2001, shortly before the release of the iPod and the company's comeback under then-CEO Steve Jobs. The fourth-quarter results, announced after the close of markets, marked Apple's third consecutive quarter of declining revenue and iPhone shipments. Apple reported earnings of $1.67 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion, compared with $1.96 and revenue of $51.5 billion in the same quarter a year ago. The performance was roughly in line with analysts' forecasts of earnings of $1.63 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion. Apple had provided guidance of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion. Shipments of iPhones, meanwhile, were 45.5 million, down 5% from 48 million in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected 44.8 million, perhaps an indication that Apple has benefited, in part, from Samsung's problems with its now-defunct Note 7 phablet and an extra week in September. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Another blemish on the Apple report: China was down 30% year over year in the fourth quarter. The news, announced after markets closed, sent shares of the Cupertino, Calif.-based company skidding 3%, to $114.86, in extended trading. "It was a very strong quarter" with continued improvement in iPhone shipments year over year, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a conference call following the earnings announcement. He lauded the performance of its services business, which vaulted 24%, to a record $6.3 billion. But he grew testy when an analyst pressed him on Apple's "grand strategy." The annual decline did not surprise analysts because Apple has "telegraphed" it for some time, says Bill Kreher, technology analyst for Edward Jones. He, like many of his peers, predict a rebound in fiscal year 2017 when Apple is expected to unveil the 10th-anniversary iPhone, which could be a big seller. The company is expected to unfurl new Macs on Thursday. Indeed, Apple offered guidance in its December quarter of a whopping $76 billion to $78 billion in revenue. The holiday season is the company's blockbuster quarter. The company's cash pile, meanwhile, reached a record $237.6 billion. USA TODAY Apple to debut new Macs on Oct. 27 The enhanced product lines should “enlarge (Apple’s) installed base” and elevate its high-margin services business," Kreher says, pointing to Apple's burgeoning unit that includes Apple Store, Apple Music and Apple Pay. "This as one of the more reliable ways to gauge the strength of Apple’s ecosystem," says David Kretzmann, senior analyst at Motley Fool, a financial services company. Apple's breakneck growth over the past 15 years highlights how far it has come from its last dip in annual revenue, analysts say. In fiscal year 2001, it reported $5.4 billion in sales. Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. 7681 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eOm5xd
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan iPhone sales beat expectations for Q4, Apple reports While iPhone sales were down from last year, Apple nevertheless posted better-than-expected earnings. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | October 25, 2016 -- 20:48 GMT (13:48 PDT) | Topic: Apple Apple reported fourth quarter results on Tuesday, posting better-than-expected iPhone sales, and slightly beating earnings and revenue expectations. The company also gave a stronger-than-expected outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Cupertino technology giant posted earnings of $1.67 a share on revenue of $46.9 billion. Wall Street was expecting earnings per share of $1.65 on revenue of $46.89 billion. The company sold 45.5 million iPhones -- down 5 percent year-over-year but still beating expectations of 45 million in sales for the quarter. This was the first quarter to reflect sales of the new iPhone 7 (though it included only the first two weeks of sales). On a conference call Tuesday, CEO Tim Cook said with respect to the smartphones, "From a worldwide point of view, the truth is demand is outstripping supply... particularly on the iPhone 7-plus." Over the same period last year, Apple earned $1.96 a share on revenue of $51.5 billion and sold 48 million iPhones. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," Cook said in a statement. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record." Services revenue reached $6.3 billion -- it was the only segment to show year-over-year revenue growth. Sales of iPads nearly hit 9.3 million, which was down 6 percent from the previous year but slightly above expectations. Sales of Macs were at nearly 4.9 million, down 14 percent year-over-year and slightly below expectations. As for various operating segments, revenue in the Americas fell 7 percent annually, while Europe revenue rose 3 percent and Japan rose 10 percent. Revenue from Greater China fell 30 percent. However, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said he expects performance in greater China to improve on a quarter-to-quarter basis because of the iPhone 7 and 7-plus. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the company is projecting revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion. Wall Street has projected an EPS of $3.17 for Q1 2017 on revenue of $74.65 billion. More Tech Earnings Nvidia crushes Q3 earnings, shares soar Symantec reports solid Q2, Cornerstone, Arista, Hortonworks also report Twilio tops Q3 earnings targets, losses widen Fitbit shares tumble on mixed Q3 results, grim holiday season outlook Facebook handily tops Q3 earnings targets, active users up 17 percent Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Alibaba Cloud Q2 revenue up 130 percent as it adds customers, pares losses Tableau misses Q3 revenue expectations Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Banking Apple Pay now available to CUA customers Mobility Apple considering smart glasses as it looks to push wearables: Report Mobility Apple Pay now supports donations to select nonprofits Developer Microsoft to deliver Visual Studio for Mac × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Mobile Apple reports third consecutive quarterly decline as iPhone sales continue to slow New, 98 comments Apple's first annual revenue drop since 2001 by Nick Statt and Ben Popper Oct 25, 2016, 4:40pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Dieter Bohn The big story over the last six months of Apple earnings has been the dreaded decline in iPhone sales. After more than a decade of record-setting revenue growth, the company finally saw consumer demand for its flagship smartphone dip down. During the fiscal fourth quarter ended September 24, Apple continued that trend with revenue shrinking 9.8 percent to $46.9 billion and profit falling 23 percent to $9 billion from the same period one year earlier. That's about on par with analyst expectations. This decline was mainly driven by weak sales of the iPhone, which dropped 13 percent year over year to 45.5 million units. This drop was not offset by the improved performance of Apple’s Services division. For the full year, Apple suffered its first annual revenue drop since 2001. Apple just posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001 As hardware sales plateaued, CEO Tim Cook has tried to shift Apple narrative, promising that the recurring revenue from its cloud services and streaming software would help to pick up the slack. That trend remained strong this quarter, with revenue from Services growing 24 percent to $6.3 billion over the same period last year. "We had a record-setting growth for Services," CEO Tim Cook said on an earnings call this afternoon. "Music revenue grew by 22 percent thanks to the growing popularity of Apple Music." Meanwhile, the company's other core segments declined. Mac sales declined 17 percent to $5.7 billion due to a 14 percent decline in unit sales. The iPad, on the other hand, saw unit sales drop 6 percent, but revenue remained stable thanks in part to the more lucrative iPad Pro line. The latest iteration of the company's flagship device, the iPhone 7, made fewer dramatic changes than Apple typically presents in a new generation of smartphone. This quarter only took into account two weeks of iPhone 7 sales. Looking ahead, Apple's guidance for the quarter ending in December forecasts revenue higher than analyst expectations at between $76 billion and $78 billion. That means the iPhone 7 could be selling better than expected. The company is also unveiling a whole suite of new Mac products on Thursday, which could also be a factor bolstering its forecast. Apple estimates that it could break its all-time quarterly revenue record come December. Over the last several quarters, China has been by far Apple’s fastest growing market. That changed this quarter as Apple saw a 30 percent year over year decline in sales from the Greater China segment. While China continues to add a healthy slice of Apple’s revenue, it is no longer posting triple digit increases from the year before. Apple says it expects its December quarter performance to significantly improve over this past quarter with regards to China sales. The Apple Watch has been touted by the company as a multi-billion dollar business, already rivaling many storied watch brands. But so far Apple has not delivered a breakout detailing the number of units sold per quarter. That remained the same this quarter, with Apple Watch revenue lumped into Other Products instead of being broken out as its own category of flagship devices. That segment, which also includes iPod, Apple TV, and Beats, is down 22 percent year over year to $2.4 billion in revenue. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus review Source: Apple Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under government censorship: report This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 0 comments Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 4 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 4 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Warren Buffett makes a bet on U.S. airlines World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Warren Buffett makes a bet on U.S. airlines Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech This smartwatch is powered by body heat Innovate Gadget Connect Cyber-Safe Upstarts Powering Your World 2020 Visionaries Elon. Evolution Love Inc. Innovative Cities Agility in Action Quantum Leaps Unhackable 15 Questions With Sex, Drugs & Silicon Valley Media Personal Finance Tiny home living is having a moment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Bill Murray is done with boring golf clothes Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lincoln is making real luxury cars again Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001 by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman October 25, 2016: 6:09 PM ET We spent a day with the iPhone 7 Apple's 15-year streak is officially over. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) just posted its first annual sales decline since 2001, the year it launched the iPod and kicked off a tremendous run of groundbreaking products. The tech company revealed Tuesday that annual sales fell to $216 billion in the 2016 fiscal year ending September 30, from a record $234 billion in 2015. The sales decline is closely connected to the falling sales for the iPhone, which remains Apple's largest source of revenue. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the September quarter, down from 48 million iPhones in the same quarter a year earlier. That marks the third consecutive quarter when iPhone sales and overall revenue have declined from a year prior. Many analysts have raised concerns that the global smartphone market is saturated. Customers are taking longer to replace their phones. And Apple's latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models, eliminating some of the desire to upgrade. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with analysts that demand for the new iPhones is "outstripping supply in the vast majority of places, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus." Apple's sales in China, once a promising area of growth, fell 30% year-over-over year as the company faces competition from local smartphone makers like Xiaomi and Huawei. However, the company expects that to improve next quarter. "We are very bullish on China," Cook said on the call, noting the vast number of "people growing into the middle class." Related: Apple under Tim Cook: More socially responsible, less visionary The good news is that this sales decline may prove to be a blip and not the new norm. Apple is projecting that it will post sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the upcoming quarter, up from $74.8 billion a year earlier. The holiday quarter is typically Apple's largest as it represents the first full quarter when new iPhones are on sale. Apple's guidance suggests it is expecting greater demand for the iPhone 7 than its predecessor. Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, wrote in an investor note this month that Apple's iPhone sales would be helped in part by "Note 7 issues," a reference to Samsung's massive recall. On the conference call, Apple's CFO Luca Maestri suggested that developments with other smartphone competitors are "not particularly relevant." The reason, he said, is demand for iPhones is already so high that "we are selling everything we can produce." The earnings report comes two days before Apple is scheduled to hold a press event in California, where it is widely expected to unveil long awaited updates to its Mac product lineup that could help sales. Apple stock was down 2.5% in after hours trading following the earnings release. CNNMoney (New York) First published October 25, 2016: 4:55 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Mary Jo White leaving SEC before Trump takes office PBS newscaster Gwen Ifill has died Megyn Kelly claims Trump 'threatened me' before debate Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's Canadian Office is Focused on Developing carOS | Main | Q4 2016 Transcript: The Financial Conference Call's Opening Statement from CEO Tim Cook » October 25, 2016 Apple Q4 2016 Financials were 100% in Line with Apple's Guidance hitting $46.9 Billion in Revenue   This afternoon Apple announced financial results for its fiscal 2016 fourth quarter ended September 24, 2016. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 38 percent compared to 39.9 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 62 percent of the quarter's revenue.   Last quarter Apple's CFO Luca Maestri guided revenue between $45.5 and 47.5 billion, so Apple's $46.9 billion was right in the middle of that guidance. Gross margins were forcast to be 37.5 and 38% and Apple came in at 38%, right on target. What Wall Street forecast is irrelevant.   Apple's CEO Tim Cook stated that "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple. We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record."   Luca Maestri, Apple's CFO noted that "We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter. We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program."   Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 first quarter:   •revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion •gross margin between 38 percent and 38.5 percent •operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion •other income/(expense) of $400 million •tax rate of 26 percent   Apple's board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of the Company's common stock. The dividend is payable on November 10, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 7, 2016.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 25, 2016 at 02:55 PM | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Science Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport Odd 26 Oct 2016 - 9:40am Apple reveals slowing of iPhone sales iPhone sales are continuing to slow as Apple's latest results revealed a 5 per cent drop in sales. (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio iPhone sales continue to slow as the smartphone market approaches saturation. Source: AAP 26 Oct 2016 - 9:40 AM  UPDATED 26 Oct 2016 - 9:40 AM Tweet iPhone sales are continuing to slow as Apple's latest financial results revealed a 5 per cent drop in sales compared to the same quarter of 2015. The technology giant warned of such a slide in its financial forecasts earlier this year as the smartphone market begins to reach saturation - with most consumers now owning a viable device and upgrading less frequently. Apple reported total iPhone sales for the three months to September 24 of more than 45.5 million units - up around five million on the last quarter - but still down on the same period last year. The firm's total revenue for the quarter was $US46.9 billion dollars ($A60.17 billion), down 9 per cent on the same period last year. However, chief executive Tim Cook chose to focus on the success of Apple's services business - Apple Pay and the company's internet-based products - which grew more than 20 per cent on last year. "Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple," he said. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 per cent to set another all-time record." iPad sales also continue to fall, dropping from 9.9 million in the last quarter to 9.3 million in the last three months. The tech giant's net income for the quarter was $US9 billion dollars, and sales of Mac computers rose by 15 per cent on the last quarter, to 4.9 million units sold. The next generation of Macs are due to be unveiled at a media event at the company's Cupertino headquarters on Thursday, with a new MacBook Pro expected to lead the announcements. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS Moon Turned Back For Coming Too Close To Australia 4 ways Non Residential Indians (NRIs) can change their 500 and 1000 rupee notes Mariners to continue playing home matches away from Gosford UPDATE: Visiting Canada from an Asian country? No visa required for stay up to 90 days not true These Biden-Obama memes are the best things to come out of this US election Trending News Obama and Biden memes light up the internet White men file complaint claiming Indigenous MP Linda Burney has been racist to them Australia-US asylum deal 'a slap to Trump voters' Making a Murderer star released from prison Caring on the brink: Australia's struggling foster care system In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 787.9K Follow Twitter 262.2K Watch YouTube 8K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple’s annual sales fall for first time since 2001 Apple’s annual sales fall for first time since 2001 Posted on Tuesday, October 25, 2016 by CNN in Business News Apple’s 15-year streak is officially over. Apple just posted its first annual sales decline since 2001, the year it launched the iPod and kicked off a tremendous run of groundbreaking products. The tech company revealed Tuesday that annual sales fell to $216 billion in the 2016 fiscal year ending September 30, from a record $234 billion in 2015. The sales decline is closely connected to the falling sales for the iPhone, which remains Apple’s largest source of revenue. Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the September quarter, down from 48 million iPhones in the same quarter a year earlier. That marks the third consecutive quarter when iPhone sales and overall revenue have declined from a year prior. Many analysts have raised concerns that the global smartphone market is saturated. Customers are taking longer to replace their phones. And Apple’s latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models, eliminating some of the desire to upgrade. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with analysts that demand for the new iPhones is “outstripping supply in the vast majority of places, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus.” Apple’s sales in China, once a promising area of growth, fell 30% year-over-over year as the company faces competition from local smartphone makers like Xiaomi and Huawei. However, the company expects that to improve next quarter. “We are very bullish on China,” Cook said on the call, noting the vast number of “people growing into the middle class.” The good news is that this sales decline may prove to be a blip and not the new norm. Apple is projecting that it will post sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the upcoming quarter, up from $74.8 billion a year earlier. The holiday quarter is typically Apple’s largest as it represents the first full quarter when new iPhones are on sale. Apple’s guidance suggests it is expecting greater demand for the iPhone 7 than its predecessor. Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, wrote in an investor note this month that Apple’s iPhone sales would be helped in part by “Note 7 issues,” a reference to Samsung’s massive recall. On the conference call, Apple’s CFO Luca Maestri suggested that developments with other smartphone competitors are “not particularly relevant.” The reason, he said, is demand for iPhones is already so high that “we are selling everything we can produce.” The earnings report comes two days before Apple is scheduled to hold a press event in California, where it is widely expected to unveil long awaited updates to its Mac product lineup that could help sales. Apple stock was down 2.5% in after hours trading following the earnings release. Defenseless internet 'paying the price' for ignoring security Chipotle sales down 22%. Customers still scared Related Posts Oops! News sites backtrack on reports Romney is running Amazon lifts curtain on secretive $5 billion cloud business CNB Promotes Davidson to Lead New Private Banking Division The ratings are in for Twitter’s NFL stream Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... Apple The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... earnings Crunch Report | GoPro Seriously Botches Earnings Alphabet reports a strong third quarter despite free-falling advertising values Amazon plunges on earnings miss Browse more... Apple signals a return to sales growth for the holidays in its fourth-quarter earnings Posted Oct 25, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story Pandora’s latest quarter disappoints investors All eyes are officially on the holiday season for Apple. Ahead of the Christmas retail season, Apple reported its fourth-quarter earnings that were directly in line with what Wall Street was expecting. Almost everything came as expected as the company stands in a basic holding pattern, waiting for the first full quarter of its next generation of iPhone sales to come in throughout the holiday season. It’s not super surprising, but it’s still kind of a breath of fresh air for the company, which has been on a rollercoaster for the past two quarters. Apple reported revenue of $46.9 billion and earnings of $1.67 per share. The company shipped 45.5 million iPhones, 9.3 million iPads and 4.9 million Macs. Wall Street was looking for earnings of $1.65 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion, with iPhone sales of 45 million. Wall Street was looking for iPad sales of 9.1 million. Now, everyone will be looking at the next quarter. Apple is forecasting revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion — basically in line with what Wall Street was expecting. Last year, Apple recorded $75.9 billion in revenue, so that forecast would signal a potential reversal of its revenue declines for the company, which has dogged it for several quarters. It’s a slight level of growth, but in an environment where the smartphone market has been largely saturated and with increasing competition on the low end, that’s a good sign for Apple. There’s going to be one big challenge for Apple: getting enough smartphones out to customers. If you try to buy the iPhone 7 Plus you’ll see there are weeks-long waits for shipping dates. With the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, Apple needs to capitalize on the momentum it can gain on its core competitor, and that means it needs to make enough phones that people can buy on a whim. One important note in the report was that Apple’s average selling price for the iPhone — a metric that basically determines whether people are buying Apple’s most expensive, high-end phones — fell beneath Wall Street’s expectations. There’s always concern that lower-end phones are cannibalizing Apple’s high-end phones, especially with the highly priced Plus models coming out. Apple released the smaller iPhone SE earlier this year, which may be cutting into things. To be completely expected and an exclamation point on the whole thing: Apple shares fell about 2 percent in extended trading after swinging wildly in the third and second quarter reports this year. Here’s the full scorecard: 4Q Earnings: $1.67 per share versus Wall Street’s $1.65 expectations 4Q Revenue: $46.9 billion, in line with Wall Street, down from $51.5 billion last year Gross margin: 38 percent iPhone sales: 45.5 million versus Wall Street’s 45 million estimates Mac sales: 4.9 million iPad sales: 9.3 million Apple’s past two quarters have, primarily, shown that its smartphone business is starting to slow. The company released its new iPhones, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, this quarter but we really aren’t going to see any kind of material impact. As expected, iPhone sales fell once again this quarter, with last year’s fourth-quarter sales coming in at 48.1 million. Earlier this year, Apple broke its extended streak of growing iPhone sales, and that trend continues. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Related Articles Duet Display adds pressure-sensitive input for Apple Pencil and iPad Pro Here's what you can do with the crazy new Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 Plus Apple releases iOS 10.1 with the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait mode Smartwatch sales are tanking Going into the fourth quarter, Apple has one huge tailwind that it wasn’t expecting: the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. After a series of investigations showed that the Note 7 was prone to exploding, the company is pulling the plug on the Note 7 — which was basically one of the few phones that could place a significant dent on the iPhone 7 Plus. That’s going to be critical for Apple going forward. The company, while still in a holding pattern, is still going to need as much help as it can get. In an ironically Microsoft-y problem, Apple’s shares are largely unchanged in the past year, and in the past two years are only up around 12 percent. The company is continuing to ship new products, but as smartphone saturation kicks in and markets start to slow down, it needs to figure out how to roll out new products that will make the ecosystem more sticky as a whole and promote cross-device sales. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes earnings Apple Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Gadgets DroneBase raises from Union Square to pay any pilot for aerial footage 6 minutes ago | Josh Constine Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge 3 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s self-driving cars are naturals when it comes to three-point turns 7 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Lima beefs up its Dropbox alternative with the $129 Lima Ultra 7 hours ago | Romain Dillet Comment moderation powered by Up Next Pandora’s latest quarter disappoints investors Posted Oct 25, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Report: Apple ‘weighing’ possibility of releasing a pair of digital glasses Touché lets you easily test drive and screenshot Apple’s Touch Bar features on your Mac before upgrading You can now make donations to nonprofit organizations with Apple Pay Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 beta 3 for developers RIP Videos app as Apple replaces it with more capable TV in iOS 10 beta 3 tvOS 10.1 developer beta 3 is now available for Apple TV New Beats Solo3 Wireless ad highlights battery life, on-ear controls – take $80 off at Amazon Apple releases iOS 10.2 beta 3: New ‘Love’ Messages screen effect, SOS India-only, Videos hidden by default 9to5Toys Last Call: AirPort 2TB Time Capsule $199, iTunes Gift Cards 15% off, SmartThings Accessory Sale, more The best apps for the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will be in stock, available to try at Apple Stores this week KGI: iPhone sales have peaked, supply orders will decline 5-15%; China growth flat Customers start receiving new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, most early orders set to deliver this week Schiller: Apple tried touch screen MacBooks but doesn’t work for iMacs, landed on Touch Bar instead Samsung moves deeper into audio and in-car tech in Beats-like acquisition of Harman International MacRumors Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day AppleInsider Apple opens up Apple Pay donations to non-profit organizations New app 'Touche' simulates MacBook Pro Touch Bar on other Macs Apple seeds third developer betas of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2 & tvOS 10.1 MacMall has MacBook Pros with Touch Bar that will ship this week; grab one before they're gone Google revamps Play Music with recommended playlists based on location, time & activity Apple SVP Phil Schiller addresses Touch Bar, other MacBook Pro concerns Deals: $80 off Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones; $270 off 2015 13" MacBook Pro; $20 off 128GB unlocked iPhone 7 Microsoft to bring Visual Studio to Mac later this week Quick take video review: Apple's 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is an exciting upgrade Samsung buys Harman for $8B in deal that could pave way for 'Apple Car' competition MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Touché: Touch Bar for Everyone [Sponsor] Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design Best iPhone 7 cases & iPhone 7 Plus cases 16 best speakers 2016 UK | Best wireless speaker | Best Bluetooth speaker iPhone 9 and beyond: 30 amazing features of the smartphone of the future New MacBook Air 2016 UK release date rumours New iOS 11 release date rumours UK | iOS 11 new features rumours How to delete music from iPhone in iOS 10 7 Sierra menu bar tips: How to use Mac menu bar in macOS Sierra iPad mini 5 release date rumours UK | iPad mini 5 specs & new features wishlist New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 14, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 105.71 (-2.72, -2.51%) | NASDAQ: 5218.40 (-18.72, -0.36%) MacDailyNews presents live notes from Apple’s Q416 conference call Tuesday, October 25, 2016 · 4:43 pm · 5 Comments MacDailyNews presents live notes from Apple’s Q416 Conference Call with analysts starting at 5pm EDT/2pm PDT today. Apple will provide live audio streaming of its Q416 Results Conference Call using Apple’s industry-leading QuickTime multimedia software. The live webcast will begin at 2pm PDT/ 5pm EDT today here. Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2016 fourth quarter ended September 24, 2016. Apple posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. Analysts’ consensus estimates were looking for revenue of $46.9 billion and EPS of $1.65 (FactSet). For their fiscal 2016 fourth quarter, Apple guided for revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion. Analysts had expected revenue guidance of $74.88 billion. Live notes from Apple’s Q415 Conference Call in reverse chronological order: • AAPL: 115.20, -3.05 (-2.58%), After hours: 6:01 PM EDT • End of conference call. • Cook: We review the capital return annually. We announce changes usually in April. We believe that AAPL is very undervalued. Via buybacks, we are investing in confidence in the company we know very well. We have a good track record of raising our dividend annually. We’ll say more on capital returns in April 2017. • Maestri: Gross margin is guided to improve sequentially due to better leverage and mix in Dec. quarter, but they are offset by cost structures of new products we’ve launched and plan to launch; YOY gross margin is impacted by one-time patent infringement award (from Samsung) and U.S. dollar appreciation – Apple generates 2/3rds of their revenue outside the U.S. – all of this impacts gross margin • Maestri: We want to continue to invest in the business in all areas while being efficient. • Cook: The number of people that are or will move into the middle class in India is significant. India population is very young. This year and next year, there are enormous LTE/4G investments happening in India (which is good for iPhone). The government is more focused on infrastructure and job creation. The population of India will exceed China within the next decade. There will be a lot of people that will really want a smartphone and Apple intends to compete. There is a lot of headroom in India. • Cook: We saw a lot of competition in the U.S. among carriers this year • Cook reiterates iPhone 7 Plus is severely supply constrained • Cook: iPhone 7 Plus camera is loved by users – tremendous amount of technology in that camera system • Cook: We have a strong sense of where we want to go (longer term plan) while also remaining very nimble • Cook: “We have the strongest pipeline that we’ve ever had and we’re really confident about the things in it. But as usual, we’re not going to talk about what’s ahead.” • Steven M. Milunovich, USB analyst: “Does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do? …Do you know what you want to do over the next three to maybe five years? Or is it more a read the market and quickly react?” (No, the CEO of the world’s most valuable company has no plan. Foolish, impertinent question. – MDN Ed.) • Cook on balance between privacy and AI. It’s a false trade off that some people would like you to believe that you have to give up privacy to get a service. Apple is working to deliver great services while maintaining users’ privacy • Cook: Most people would like a personal assistant with them all the time. We live in a mobile society and the advantage of having Siri on your phone is obvious. That’s not to say having one anchored to the home isn’t useful and a nice potential market. Our focus is globally, not just in the U.S. • Maestri: The growth of the services revenue has been accelerating over the year; people that are using Apple services, over time tend to spend more as they are very loyal and engaged customers • Cook: Television is a segment of intense interest at Apple; we have some original content creation happening; it’s an area we’re focused on • Maestri: We are very confident on trajectory of iPhone going forward • Maestri: We are supply constrained on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, so competitors’ issues don’t mean that much as Apple is selling as many iPhones as they can produce • Cook: We are open to acquisitions of any size when they can help drive innovation and improve customer satisfaction • Much headroom in Chine with the LTE adoption rate being relatively low today and the growth of the middle class in China • Cook: We are confident in forecasting return to growth overall and are very bullish on China in particular • Cook: Some mis-forecasting and channel inventory issues (too much) contributed to China declines YOY • Cook: Upgrading returned to more normal levels with iPhone 6s/Plus • Cook: Apple saw a surge of iPhone 6/Plus upgraders • Cook: Fiscal 2016 hurt by about 3% due to currency devaluation • Cook: Down 17% in China in fiscal 2016 vs. fiscal 2015 • Cook: We feel really great about what’s in the pipeline and we’ve also spent to make the ecosystem even better • Cook on Apple’s R&D more than doubling YOY: There is clearly some amount of R&D happening on products that have not yet reached market • Maestri: Apple is very supply constrained on iPhone 7 Plus, certainly more supply constraint vs. last year’s iPhone 6s Plus • Maestri: Last Dec. quarter (Q116) set Apple’s all-time record revenue; Apple is guiding for a new quarterly record in Q117 • Cook: On iPhone 7 we will come into supply/demand balance this quarter; working to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, but demand is very strong • Cook: Cannot comment on rumors (Apple Car). We’re always looking at new things and, with the car space in general, it’s clear that technology will be important and Apple sees it as “interesting.” • Cook: iPhone 7/Plus – carriers that had upgrade plans say demand is very robust. Demand is outstripping supply on worldwide basis, esp. for iPhone 7 Plus — analysts’ questions begin — • Apple’s board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of the Company’s common stock. The dividend is payable on November 10, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 7, 2016 • Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 first quarter: – revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion (return to growth over all-time record) – gross margin between 38 percent and 38.5 percent – operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion – other income/(expense) of $400 million – tax rate of 26 percent • Apple tax rate for fiscal 2016: 25.6% • Total buyback activity reduced total AAPL share count by 1.5% • Apple returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter • IBM: Now more than 90,000 Macs at IBM, 81,000 iPhones, 48,000 iPads • iPad Pro is the top choice for planned purchases • iPad gained share in U.S. market during Sept. quarter: 82% share of $200+ tablets • iPad channel inventory is below 5-7 week target range • Mac install base reached new all-time high – exciting news to share very soon (Thursday) • Apple saw strong double-digit growth in several services categories • App Store growth rate 45% • Average ASP of $619 for iPhone in quarter • Worldwide demand significantly outpaced supply, particularly iPhone 7 Plus • Exited quarter with iPhone channel inventory well below target range (supply greatly constrained) • Services: $6.325 billion (quarterly record) • Mac: 4.886 million units, $5.739 billion • iPad: 9.267 million units, $4.255 billion • iPhone unit sales: 45.513 million units, $28.160 billion in revenue • Gross margin: 38% • Luca Maestri goes over earnings figures… • Apple and Deloitte will help companies quickly and easily transform the way they work by maximizing the power, ease-of-use and security the iOS platform brings to the workplace through iPhone and iPad. As part of the joint effort, Deloitte is creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors who are solely focused on helping businesses change the way they work across their entire enterprise, from customer-facing functions such as retail, field services and recruiting, to R&D, inventory management and back-office systems. • iPhone sales in India up over 50% and “we believe we’ve just begin to scratch the surface” of the Indian market • Siri has just arrived on the Mac and, via APIs, Appel is encouraged by developers’ efforts • Machine learning makes the fitness features of Apple Watch more accurate and makes Siri even smarter • Apple has been using AI for years and is investing heavily. Machine learning drives many features throughout Apple’s ecosystem • Aetna will provide Apple Watch to nearly 50,000 of their employees to encourage healthier living • Cook: We are off to a great start with Apple Watch Series 2, the world’s most popular smartwatch • Cook: In fiscal 2017, Apple serices will be the size of a Fortune 100 company • Apple Pay transaction during September quarter exceeded all of 2015 • Apple Pay transactions up nearly 500% YOY in September quarter • JD Power: Apple Music has highest customer satisfaction in industry • Cook: Record quarter for services, up 24% YOY • Cook: We saw more customers switch from Android to iPhone that ever before • Cook: We are excited to hold a special event this week on Thursday on the Apple campus • AAPL: 115.90, -2.35 (-1.99%), After hours: 4:55PM EDT • AAPL: 115.73, -2.52 (-2.13%), After hours: 4:47 PM EDT • Awaiting start of conference call — SEE ALSO: Apple beats Street, services revenue grows 24% to all-time quarterly record of $6.3 billion – October 25, 2016 Categories: News Tags: AAPL, Apple earnings, Apple Q416 conference call, live notes, Luca Maestri, Tim Cook Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 5 Comments RB Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - 6:34 pm · Reply What is the current store count, and how much did it grow over the quarter – usually this is a topic of discussion, especially in China and India – anyone have this information ?? AppleUseToThinkDifferent Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - 10:56 pm · Reply Somebody didn’t dance with the date that brought you… the mac is Apple. Birdseed Wednesday, October 26, 2016 - 7:26 am · Reply It used to be, before Tim Cook became CEO. TIm Cook has allowed the Mac to languish to the point that it is now pathetic. FIRE Tim Cook! M Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - 11:18 pm · Reply Meanwhile..I’m in a fsking hotel, resoring my iPad pro…for the second time..because the accelerometer stopped working and it’s stuck in portrait mode..and still no go. Pissed as I barely use this thing and only for certain work things..and I’m here for a work-related conference… pissed..and this doesn’t help feed my fanboyism.. Derek Currie Wednesday, October 26, 2016 - 10:07 am · Reply It’s still under warranty, so I’d get on Apple’s butt ASAP and have them to rush you a new one. I’d be grumbling. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles The Wall Street Journal reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘More beautiful, svelter’ Now slavish copier Samsung looks to knock off Apple iPhone’s 3D Touch All the ways Roku Ultra beats Apple TV Just like Steve Jobs, president-elect Trump to take just $1 in annual salary If you want a new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas China warns Apple’s iPhone sales will suffer if President Trump starts a trade war Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to Apple’s Mac Australian banks dismiss Android NFC past in Apple Pay negotiations Samsung buys automotive electronics-maker Harman for $8 billion to take on Apple, Google Mashable reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘Simply superb’ MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Logic Pro X - Apple Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG Final Cut Pro - Apple Notability - Ginger Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. XFINITY TV - Comcast Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Pinterest - Pinterest  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Hallelujah - Pentatonix Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Contact - Robert Zemeckis Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Statement - Madam Secretary Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Cell - The Walking Dead LCFLUTTER - Quantico Housewife House Wars - The Real Housewives of Atlanta The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy Ill Tidings - Elementary The Interrogation - Designated Survivor  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling The Witness - Nora Roberts News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple Revenue Falls on 5% Lower iPhone Unit Sales Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr October 25, 2016 | 01:47PM PT Tech company forecasts stronger December quarter on iPhone 7 demand Apple edged out earnings estimates for the quarter ended Sept. 24, even as the tech giant posted its third straight quarterly drop in revenue on lower sales of its flagship iPhones. The company reported revenue for the September quarter of $46.9 billion — down 9% year over year — and net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per share, versus net income of $11.1 billion ($1.96 per diluted share) in the year-ago quarter. Wall Street had forecast revenue of $46.9 billion and EPS of $1.65 per share. Shares of Apple were down about 2% in after-hours trading Tuesday, after closing at $118.25 per share (up 0.5%). Apple sold 45.51 million iPhones in the quarter, in line with analyst expectations, down 5% compared with the year-earlier period; iPhone revenue dropped 13% year over year, to $28.2 billion. The company on Sept. 16 began shipping the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus — which are water-resistant and don’t have a traditional headphone jack — so the quarter included just two weeks’ worth of sales for the new models. Unlike in years past, Apple did not release initial weekend sales for the iPhone 7. Related Apple CEO: Producing and Owning Original Content Is ‘Great Opportunity for Us’ “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24% to set another all-time record,” Apple chief Tim Cook said in announcing the results. The company’s Services segment, which hit $6.3 billion in quarterly revenue, includes iTunes, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services. Apple issued a more bullish forecast for the current quarter, which ends in late December and includes the holiday-shopping season. The company expects revenue to be between $76 billion and $78 billion, compared with the record $75.9 billion in the year-earlier period. However, the fiscal-year Q1 2017 includes an extra week, analysts noted, making it unclear how strong the company expects iPhone 7 sales to be through the end of the year. Moreover, Apple forecast gross margin of between 38% and 38.5%, below Wall Street expectations. On a call with analysts, Cook said “demand continues to outstrip supply” for the iPhone 7, and particularly the larger-screen iPhone 7 Plus, but the company did not break out sales figures for the new models. For the December quarter, analysts have expected iPhone sales to get a lift from the woes of rival Samsung Electronics. Last month Samsung issued a massive recall for the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after overheating batteries caused some devices to catch fire and subsequently terminated the product altogether. Related Apple Unveils iPhone 7: Water-Resistant Smartphone Omits Traditional Headphone Jack Sales in Apple’s “other products” segment — which includes Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, iPod and Apple-branded and third-party accessories — dropped 22%, to $2.37 billion. Meanwhile, iPad unit sales of 9.27 million were down 6% for the September quarter, while revenue was flat. Mac sales dropped 17% compared with the year-earlier period, to $5.74 billion. Apple has announced an Oct. 27 event, where it’s expected to roll out a new Macbook Pro and possibly a new iMac. Apple said international sales accounted for 62% of the quarter’s revenue, which is its fiscal fourth-quarter 2016. Sales in Greater China dropped by 30%, to $8.79 billion. Cook said the largest reason for the year-over-year decline in China was because in the September 2015 quarter, Apple saw an unusual surge of customers upgrading to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. “We are very bullish on China,” he said. Filed Under: Apple iPhone 7 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 12:13PM PT Judge Orders ‘Making a Murderer’s’ Brendan Dassey Be Released From Prison 2 TV 12:02PM PT Bernie Sanders: Trump ‘Touched a Nerve,’ FBI Involvement ‘Unacceptable’ 3 TV 11:15AM PT Gwen Ifill, Longtime PBS Journalist, Dies at 61 4 TV 11:06AM PT Adult Swim Regular Brett Gelman Says He Won’t Work With Network Over Treatment of Women 5 TV 10:30AM PT HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ for Second Seasons Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content CBS Buys Single Mom Comedy From Marc Lawrence & 'The Good Wife'… The Late Shoe Legend Vince Camuto Receives Posthumous Honor Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… Nintendo Switch price might been leaked early by Toys R Us Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
null
null
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Apple's quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Apple’s quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Oct 25, 2016 Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press   0 SAN FRANCISCO – Apple says it sold 45.5 million iPhones in the last quarter, 5 per cent fewer than it sold a year earlier. But the giant tech company’s rosy forecast for the holidays was better than what Wall Street had been expecting. Apple reported Tuesday that its revenue declined 9 per cent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. Profit fell 19 per cent to $9 billion. The results are a reflection of lukewarm interest in last year’s iPhone models. Apple released two new models, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, just two weeks before the quarter ended. Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines. Analysts say that’s a good indicator for 2017. The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple’s biggest. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 25 AAPL: 118.25 0.60 Apple announces Q4 2016 revenue of $46.9b: 45.5m iPhones, 9.2m iPads, 4.8m Macs Chance Miller - 3 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller AAPL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple today has officially reported its Q4 2016 earnings results with $46.9 billion in revenue and $9 billion in profit from the July to September quarter. In its earnings press release, Apple says the following: Apple® today announced financial results for its fiscal 2016 fourth quarter ended September 24, 2016. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 38 percent compared to 39.9 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 62 percent of the quarter’s revenue. Below is the breakdown of numbers: iPhone – 45.51 million iPad – 9.28 million Mac – 4.89 million Apple’s earnings come out to $1.67 per share, slightly higher than the $1.66 that analysts were expected. Revenues were slightly lower than expectation, $46.9 billion vs 46.94 billion. AAPL stock is down 2.5 percent in after-hours trading following the earnings release. Apple CEO Tim Cook spoke fondly of the company’s “strong” results, noting that the company is “thrilled” with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch Series 2. Additionally, Cook noted that Apple’s Services sector grew 24 percent to set another record: “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” Additionally, Apple’s massive pile of cash grew $6.1 billion in Q4 2016, putting it at $237.6 billion, an all-time record for the company. Notable tidbits: China down 30 percent year over year Services up 24 percent, all-time high Other Products (Apple Watch, iPod, Apple TV, Beats) down 22 percent year over year Apple’s Q4 2016 numbers compare to last quarter’s $42.4 billion in revenue and $7.8 billion in profit on sales of 40.4 million iPhones, 9.9 million iPads, and 4.2 million Macs. In the year ago quarter, Apple reported revenue of $51.5 billion and profit of $11.1 billion, while it sold 48 million iPhones, 9.8 million iPads, and 5.7 million Macs. Q4 marks our first look at the iPhone 7’s early affect on Apple numbers, though it’s worth noting that the iPhone 7 came out just a week before Apple’s Q4 ended, so the device likely didn’t have a huge impact on numbers this quarter. The holiday quarter, however, will be a different story. As usual, Apple isn’t breaking out Apple Watch sales for “competitive” reasons, but various other reports have offered a likely look at the sales of Apple’s wearable. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 first quarter, note that its revenue estimate is up year-over-year ($75.9 billion in Q1 2016). revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion gross margin between 38 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion other income/(expense) of $400 million tax rate of 26 percent The full press release for Apple’s earnings can be seen below, while Apple will hold a conference call in 30 minutes to discuss the numbers. We’ll have live coverage of that call, as well. Apple Reports Fourth Quarter Results Services Revenue Grows 24% to All-Time Quarterly Record of $6.3 Billion October 25, 2016 04:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time CUPERTINO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Apple® today announced financial results for its fiscal 2016 fourth quarter ended September 24, 2016. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 38 percent compared to 39.9 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 62 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program.” Tweet this “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” “We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return program.” Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 first quarter: • revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion • gross margin between 38 percent and 38.5 percent • operating expenses between $6.9 billion and $7 billion • other income/(expense) of $400 million • tax rate of 26 percent Apple’s board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of the Company’s common stock. The dividend is payable on November 10, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 7, 2016. Apple will provide live streaming of its Q4 2016 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on October 25, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. This press release contains forward-looking statements including without limitation those about the Company’s estimated revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income/(expense), and tax rate. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ. Risks and uncertainties include without limitation the effect of competitive and economic factors, and the Company’s reaction to those factors, on consumer and business buying decisions with respect to the Company’s products; continued competitive pressures in the marketplace; the ability of the Company to deliver to the marketplace and stimulate customer demand for new programs, products, and technological innovations on a timely basis; the effect that product introductions and transitions, changes in product pricing or mix, and/or increases in component costs could have on the Company’s gross margin; the inventory risk associated with the Company’s need to order or commit to order product components in advance of customer orders; the continued availability on acceptable terms, or at all, of certain components and services essential to the Company’s business currently obtained by the Company from sole or limited sources; the effect that the Company’s dependency on manufacturing and logistics services provided by third parties may have on the quality, quantity or cost of products manufactured or services rendered; risks associated with the Company’s international operations; the Company’s reliance on third-party intellectual property and digital content; the potential impact of a finding that the Company has infringed on the intellectual property rights of others; the Company’s dependency on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers of the Company’s products; the effect that product and service quality problems could have on the Company’s sales and operating profits; the continued service and availability of key executives and employees; war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, and other circumstances that could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products; and unfavorable results of legal proceedings. More information on potential factors that could affect the Company’s financial results is included from time to time in the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of the Company’s public reports filed with the SEC, including the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2015, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 26, 2015, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 26, 2016, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 25, 2016, and its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2016 to be filed with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple’s PR website (www.apple.com/pr), or call Apple’s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042. © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Apple Inc. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended September 24, 2016 September 26, 2015 September 24, 2016 September 26, 2015 Net sales $ 46,852 $ 51,501 $ 215,639 $ 233,715 Cost of sales (1) 29,039 30,953 131,376 140,089 Gross margin 17,813 20,548 84,263 93,626 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 2,570 2,220 10,045 8,067 Selling, general and administrative (1) 3,482 3,705 14,194 14,329 Total operating expenses 6,052 5,925 24,239 22,396 Operating income 11,761 14,623 60,024 71,230 Other income/(expense), net 427 439 1,348 1,285 Income before provision for income taxes 12,188 15,062 61,372 72,515 Provision for income taxes 3,174 3,938 15,685 19,121 Net income $ 9,014 $ 11,124 $ 45,687 $ 53,394 Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.68 $ 1.97 $ 8.35 $ 9.28 Diluted $ 1.67 $ 1.96 $ 8.31 $ 9.22 Shares used in computing earnings per share: Basic 5,366,912 5,646,916 5,470,820 5,753,421 Diluted 5,393,333 5,682,519 5,500,281 5,793,069 Cash dividends declared per share $ 0.57 $ 0.52 $ 2.18 $ 1.98 (1) Includes share-based compensation expense as follows: Cost of sales $ 186 $ 145 $ 769 $ 575 Research and development $ 476 $ 390 $ 1,889 $ 1,536 Selling, general and administrative $ 368 $ 380 $ 1,552 $ 1,475 Apple Inc. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and par value) September 24, 2016 September 26, 2015 ASSETS: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 20,484 $ 21,120 Short-term marketable securities 46,671 20,481 Accounts receivable, less allowances of $53 and $63, respectively 15,754 16,849 Inventories 2,132 2,349 Vendor non-trade receivables 13,545 13,494 Other current assets 8,283 15,085 Total current assets 106,869 89,378 Long-term marketable securities 170,430 164,065 Property, plant and equipment, net 27,010 22,471 Goodwill 5,414 5,116 Acquired intangible assets, net 3,206 3,893 Other non-current assets 8,757 5,422 Total assets $ 321,686 $ 290,345 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY: Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 37,294 $ 35,490 Accrued expenses 22,027 25,181 Deferred revenue 8,080 8,940 Commercial paper 8,105 8,499 Current portion of long-term debt 3,500 2,500 Total current liabilities 79,006 80,610 Deferred revenue, non-current 2,930 3,624 Long-term debt 75,427 53,329 Other non-current liabilities 36,074 33,427 Total liabilities 193,437 170,990 Commitments and contingencies Shareholders’ equity: Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.00001 par value: 12,600,000 shares authorized; 5,336,166 and 5,578,753 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 31,251 27,416 Retained earnings 96,364 92,284 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 634 (345 ) Total shareholders’ equity 128,249 119,355 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 321,686 $ 290,345 Apple Inc. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Twelve Months Ended September 24, 2016 September 26, 2015 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period $ 21,120 $ 13,844 Operating activities: Net income 45,687 53,394 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 10,505 11,257 Share-based compensation expense 4,210 3,586 Deferred income tax expense 4,938 1,382 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net 1,095 611 Inventories 217 (238 ) Vendor non-trade receivables (51 ) (3,735 ) Other current and non-current assets 1,090 (179 ) Accounts payable 1,791 5,400 Deferred revenue (1,554 ) 1,042 Other current and non-current liabilities (2,104 ) 8,746 Cash generated by operating activities 65,824 81,266 Investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities (142,428 ) (166,402 ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 21,258 14,538 Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 90,536 107,447 Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net (297 ) (343 ) Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (12,734 ) (11,247 ) Payments for acquisition of intangible assets (814 ) (241 ) Payments for strategic investments (1,388 ) — Other (110 ) (26 ) Cash used in investing activities (45,977 ) (56,274 ) Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 495 543 Excess tax benefits from equity awards 407 749 Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards (1,570 ) (1,499 ) Payments for dividends and dividend equivalents (12,150 ) (11,561 ) Repurchases of common stock (29,722 ) (35,253 ) Proceeds from issuance of term debt, net 24,954 27,114 Repayments of term debt (2,500 ) — Change in commercial paper, net (397 ) 2,191 Cash used in financing activities (20,483 ) (17,716 ) Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (636 ) 7,276 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period $ 20,484 $ 21,120 Supplemental cash flow disclosure: Cash paid for income taxes, net $ 10,444 $ 13,252 Cash paid for interest $ 1,316 $ 514 Apple Inc. Q4 2016 Unaudited Summary Data (Units in thousands, Revenue in millions) Q4 2016 Q3 2016 Q4 2015 Sequential Change Year/Year Change Operating Segments Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Americas $20,229 $17,963 $21,773 13% – 7% Europe 10,842 9,643 10,577 12% 3% Greater China 8,785 8,848 12,518 – 1% – 30% Japan 4,324 3,529 3,929 23% 10% Rest of Asia Pacific 2,672 2,375 2,704 13% – 1% Total Apple $46,852 $42,358 $51,501 11% – 9% Q4 2016 Q3 2016 Q4 2015 Sequential Change Year/Year Change Product Summary Units Revenue Units Revenue Units Revenue Units Revenue Units Revenue iPhone (1) 45,513 $28,160 40,399 $24,048 48,046 $32,209 13% 17% – 5% – 13% iPad (1) 9,267 4,255 9,950 4,876 9,883 4,276 – 7% – 13% – 6% 0% Mac (1) 4,886 5,739 4,252 5,239 5,709 6,882 15% 10% – 14% – 17% Services (2) 6,325 5,976 5,086 6% 24% Other Products (1)(3) 2,373 2,219 3,048 7% – 22% Total Apple $46,852 $42,358 $51,501 11% – 9% (1) Includes deferrals and amortization of related software upgrade rights and non-software services. (2) Includes revenue from Internet Services, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services. (3) Includes sales of Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, iPod and Apple-branded and third-party accessories. Guides AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 25 AAPL: 118.25 0.60 Live blog: Apple’s fiscal year Q4 2016 earnings call Chance Miller - 3 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller AAPL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Just moments ago, Apple reported its earnings for the fourth quarter of 2016 and now the company is preparing to hold a conference call with investors and reporters to discuss the Typically, Apple CEO Tim Cook and CFO Luca Maestri give a deeper look into the results, while questions will also be taken from analysts and investors. In case you missed it, Apple reported $46.9 billion in revenue and $9 billion in profit for the July to September quarter, while iPhone sales came in at 45.5 million, iPad at 9.2 million, and Mac at 4.8 million. Of note, the company’s Service’s sector was up 24 percent for another all-time high, though China spelled trouble, down 30 percent year over year. As usual, we’ll have live coverage of Apple’s earnings call in this post. The call will begin at 2PM ET/5PM PT. Tim Cook will likely speak first, followed by Maestri. The Q&A session will round out the call. Check out all the details from the call below and you can tune in for yourself at this link. Full coverage of the earnings report is here. You can listen on Apple’s investor relations website, but we’ll put the highlights here. And we’re off…Tim Cook leads things, Luca will come second, followed third by Q&A Tim Cook: Starts by teasing upcoming Mac event…’customers going to love’ what Apple announces on Thursday ‘Very strong’ Q4 numbers iPhone up in sales in 33 countries More Android to iPhone switchers in Q4 than ever before Expects ‘rapid’ adoption of Apple Pay in Japan, teases Spain launch in ‘next few months’ Apple Pay transactions up 500 percent year-over-year More Apple Pay transactions in Q4 than all of 2015 ‘Thrilled’ with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus reception, ‘best’ iPhones ever ‘Demand continues to outstrip supply,’ but working to get devices into customers hands as quickly as possible Apple Watch Series 2 ‘off to a great start’ 100 HomeKit compatible products by end of year Touting India performance, up over 50 percent in fiscal 2016 compared to 2015 still room for growth Talking Deloitte partnership, Apple’s continued emergence into enterprise ‘As we close the book on another incredible year,’ Cook thanks employees, developers, investors Luca Maestri: Canada, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, South Asia show strong iPhone sales China sales down, but reaction to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus gives reassurance for Holiday quarter iPhone ASP $619 in Q4, in line with expectations Strong ‘double digit’ revenue growth in several Services categories Mac sales face difficult year-over-year comparaison Largest Mac install base ever at end of September quarter, ‘some exciting news for current and future Mac owners very soon’ iPad revenue flat, accounts for over 80 percent of tablet market over $200 Talks IBM enterprise partnership, more on that here 4 acquisitions during the September quarter Teases ‘return to growth’ with Q1 2017 holiday quarter, predications can be found here Cash dividend of $.57/share Q&A time… Q: Thoughts on yearly iPhone upgrade numbers? Cook: Carriers that had upgrade plan show that demand is robust, worldwide case is ‘demand outstripping supply’ so hard to tell immediately Q: What about Apple’s plans for a Car? Cook: Can’t speak about rumors, but Apple looks for ways to improve customer experiences, clear that there are lots of technologies that will become available or will ‘revolutionize’ the car experience, but nothing to announce today Q: iPhone supply equilibrium by end of quarter? Cook: For iPhone 7, yes, but not for iPhone 7 Plus Q: What should we read into R&D doubling? Cook: Products in development face that have not reached market factor into R&D budget, emphasis on Services and doing things to improve that experience Q: More on China? Cook: Full year shows China down 17 percent year over year, but 2014-2016 revenue grew 43 percent, 2016 hurt by devaluation of currency by 3 percent…largest reason for decline is surge of upgraders in 2015, so when upgrade rate returned to normal in 2016, it ‘had further to fall’ Still ‘very bullish’ on China, ‘booming’ middle class and LTE adoption still growing slowly…’continue to have a really good opportunity in China’ Q: Thoughts on acquisition? Cook: ‘We look at a whole variety of companies,’ but look for companies that bring something to improve user experience Q: Is television still an area of interest for Apple? What about recent acquisitions? Cook: ‘An intense interest to me and many other people here… in terms of owning content and creating content… we have started with focusing on some original content…we have a few things going there… I think it’s a great opportunity for us… it is an area that we’re focused on’ Q: Balance AI and privacy focus? What about dedicated home assisant? Cook: ‘Most people would like assistant with them all the time… we live in a mobile society and people are constantly moving from home to work and to other things they may be doing. The advantage of having an assistant on your phone is that it’s with you all the time. That’s not to say there’s not a nice market for a home one, but usage of one on the phone will be much greater.’ 2 billion requests a week for Siri and ‘to best of our knowledge we’ve shipped more assistant enabled devices than anyone out there’ Shouldn’t have to choose between AI and privacy, might take longer but there is a solution there Q: Does Apple has a grand strategy for what it wants to do over next 3-5 years? Or does it react to the market then decide? Cook: ‘We have the strongest pipeline we’ve ever had and we’re very confident about what’s it, but we won’t talk about what’s in it. We have a strong sense of where things go and we’re very agile and able to shift where people need to.’ Q: Move to continue to increase ASP with iPhone 7 Plus? Cook: The mix that Apple projected with iPhone 7 Plus is short of what is reality…’we want to charge a fair price, don’t want to charge more than that’ Maestri: Have to keep in mind world economy fluctuations, as well Q: Carrier incentive effect on iPhone upgrade? Cook: There’s a lot of competition for customers right now, but might not happen every two years Q: Could India be as big of an opportunity for Apple as China? Cook: Important to look at per capita income, but also at number of people that are or will move into the middle class over the next decade, as well as age of population. One reason for slow smartphone adoption in india is lack of infrastructure, but ‘enormous’ investments happening with 4G this year…government focused on creating jobs and building infrastructure Clear that population in India will exceed China in next decade, but will take longer for GDP to rival…middle class will ‘really’ want a smartphone and there’s a lot of ‘headroom’ there Q: Guides AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 20/32 yield 2.193%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.70 0.88%   Euro ▲ 1.0769 0.30%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Google Takes Aim At Fake-News Sites Samsung to Buy Auto-Tech Supplier for $8 Billion Personal Technology Apple MacBook Pro Review: Same, Better and Worse FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts Science Cellphone Smudges Yield a Trove of Forensic Data Slack Braces for Competition Civics Game Advanced by Former Justice Is Classroom Hit GM Bets on Chevy Bolt to Jump-Start Market LeEco Funding Scare Casts Doubt on Grand Vision Zuckerberg Continues to Defend Facebook Against Election Criticism Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories Facebook Won’t Allow Ads Targeting Ethnic Groups GrubHub CEO Clarifies Postelection Email IBM Courts Coders with Watson FCC Tells AT&amp;T Its ‘Zero Rating’ Practice May Be Unfair At Alibaba Singles’-Day Event, Talk Turns to Trump Foxconn Profit Declines on Sharp Corp. Losses iPhone Connection Brings a Big Toll for Qorvo Google Responds to EU Antitrust Charges on Android Amazon to Reimburse Customers for In-App Purchases by Kids Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Apple Pins Hopes on iPhone 7 as Profit, Revenue Decline Full-year top and bottom lines decline for the first time since 2001, but the tech giant’s forecast for current-quarter revenue is bullish Apple posted its first annual revenue decline in 15 years. The Wall Street Journal looks at some of the key figures. Photo: Apple By Robert McMillan Robert McMillan The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyRobert McMillan @bobmcmillan therealrobertmcmillan robert.mcmillan@wsj.com Updated Oct. 25, 2016 7:10 p.m. ET Apple Inc. posted its first annual revenue decline in 15 years, but projected a return to growth in the current quarter behind strong sales of its new iPhone 7. Apple has grown to be the most valuable company in the world over the past decade on the tremendous success of the iPhone. But that formula proved less effective in the past year amid lukewarm sales of the iPhone 6S models and slowing growth in smartphone sales world-wide,... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / TouchID is finally coming to Mac as Apple leaks MacBook Pro images TouchID is finally coming to Mac as Apple leaks MacBook Pro images by Chris Smith 25 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple has leaked official images of the new MacBook Pro and the fabled contextual OLED touchbar, just two days before the expected reveal. A MacRumors reader found the pictures hiding in plain sight within the Apple Pay section of the new macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update released yesterday. The pictures show a user authenticating an Apple Pay purchase using a Touch ID fingerprint sensor built into the top right corner of the touchbar. In the process, the company has confirmed its biometric security tech will be present in a Mac for the time. Strangely, there's also no sign of an Escape key on the keyboard. The photos of what appears to be a 13-inch MacBook Pro also show to be speaker grilles either side of the new keyboard (below). Related: MacBook Pro 2016 - All you need to know This isn’t the first dead giveaway offered by the macOS Sierra update either. Earlier on Tuesday assets within the System Preferences app hinted at the keyboard change. Apple will officially reveal the new MacBook during a specially-convened event on Thursday and there's still plenty to look forward to. Now the touchbar has been confirmed we’re looking forward to seeing how it works with other applications in the macOS ecosystem. We'll have full coverage on Thursday. Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 - Head-to-Head Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display 8GB Memory - 128GB Storage MF839LL/A $1,029.99 View Item Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display & Force Touch Trackpad MJLQ2LL/A $1,599.99 View Item MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Early 2015) 2.9 GHz Intel Core i5 9 bids $910.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/apple-prefers-us-touch-magic-toolbar-instead-screen.html. Captcha Submit CLOSE Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Tech & Silicon Valley Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen Microsoft says: touch the screen anywhere. Apple says: only touch this narrow strip. Will Apple's Magic Toolbar and non-touch screen philosophy result in an exodus of buyers? By Clinton Stark - 10.25.2016 Based on all the leaks, it appears that Apple will indeed reveal a “Magic Toolbar” on its forthcoming MacBook refresh. Most are expecting to see a trio of new models: a 13″ MacBook (reportedly to replace the Air), 13″ MacBook Pro, and 15″ MacBook Pro. No doubt the updates will include faster processors, better displays, longer battery times, and smaller footprints, not to mention narrower bezels. But unless Apple is holding any surprises up its sleeve (rare these days in the world of tech) the headline feature appears to be what’s missing. Gone is the row of function keys along the top of the keyboard. In its place is something called the Magic Toolbar. The OLED touch panel strip looks to be context aware, displaying keys and actions based on what you’re doing. For instance, if you’re completing a check out, it may prompt you to use the Touch ID to authorize payment. And, I’m guessing that if you’re using, say, Adobe Lightroom, you’d see a series of softkeys related to photo processing — contrast, shadows, highlights, exposure, etc. No doubt, these will be customizable to the nth degree. Mac Rumors posted images of the new MacBook and the Magic Toolbar, and here’s how it looks: MacBook Pro with Magic Toolbar. Here seen displaying Touch ID to complete a payment. Gone are the function keys. In its place an OLED Magic Toolbar which can display context-aware actions and softkeys.   Apple prefers us to touch a Magic Toolbar instead of the screen Interestingly, it looks like Apple will not include touch-enabled displays with its 2016 Macbook refresh. Instead, we will be touching the toolbar. That touch philosophy — or lack thereof — is in marked contrast to the approach taken by Microsoft. Microsoft has gone touch in a big way. Most of its devices (but not all), including laptops and hybrids feature touch displays. HP, Lenovo, Asus, and many other third party manufacturers have embraced Windows 10’s inventive tablet/desktop operating modes to produce some fresh and unique designs. The new “Tablet Mode” makes, thankfully, for a touch friendly experience on Windows 10. Add to that the anniversary update earlier this year which added the “Windows Ink Workspace” and, in my estimation, Microsoft has catapulted into the lead. You can doodle, you can write directly on a notepad (and have it converted to text), you can use the device as a tablet, or snap on a keyboard, for instance, and use it as a plain old laptop. While Microsoft is opting for unified platform with Windows 10 — one operating system for desktops, tablets and laptops — Apple is keeping those worlds, at least from an OS perspective, separate. There’s iOS for the iPad and iPhone. And MacOS for MacBooks. Cloud services perform unification services such as syncing files, browsers and workspaces. MacBook or Surface Book? Is Microsoft out-innovating Apple when it comes to laptop design? The Surface Book features a unique hinge, and a dockable screen that can be used as a tablet. If you’re like me you’ve been waiting for hell to freeze over. Finally. Finally new MacBooks are near. Time for an upgrade? I’m still on a 2012 MacBook Air. That it works so well still (along with my old 2010 MacBook Pro which has had its internals upgraded many times over) is testament to Apple’s rock solid engineering. As always, the touchpad is best-in-class. Same with the speakers, with their rich tonal response. Those two, reasons enough I’ve never quite been able to make the jump to a Windows-based laptop, even though I’m all Win 10 on my desktop and video editing systems. I recently bought a Lenovo Ideapad Miix 700 running Windows 10 on sale and use it to storyboard and jot down ideas for Stark Insider videos. While I feel more productive using the MacBook Air, I feel more creative using the Lenovo. I sometimes snap on the keyboard cover at the coffee shop. But for the most part I find myself using it in tablet mode, using the handy adjustable stand to find the perfect angle, whether on the kitchen counter, or on a desk. It beats my MacBook Air in many ways (resolution, touchy-ness and compactness), but still falls short in some important ones, such as the aforementioned touchpad and speakers. Still, for $499 color me impressed. A few years ago I’d never dare switching from a MacBook to a Windows-based laptop. Yet, in 2016 it seems like a very real possibility. I’ll be watching both the Microsoft (Wednesday, Oct. 26 7:00am Pacific) and Apple (Thursday, Oct. 27 10:00am Pacific) announcements closely this week. A MacBook used to be a slam dunk. But, man, that Surface Book is tantalizing. If Microsoft fine tunes it enough with the second generation I might just might jump the Apple ship, Magic Toolbar and all. Explore. Create. Live. Follow Stark Insider on Twitter and Facebook. Join our 9,000 subscribers who read SI on tablets and smartphones on Google Newsstand. Prefer video? Subscribe to  Stark Insider on YouTube, the largest arts & travel channel in San Francisco. VIAMac Rumors TAGS Apple Microsoft 0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/apple-prefers-us-touch-magic-toolbar-instead-screen.html. Captcha Submit Previous article5 reasons why the smartwatch market took a dramatic nosedive Next articleSan Francisco Michelin Stars: Quince earns third star, Adega gets San Jose’s first Clinton Stark Clint has produced videos for Stark Insider since 2006. Recent projects include short MORADO shot in the Baja, mini-doc with PENTATONIX in Napa, and art-doc WRONG'S WHAT I DO BEST at the San Francisco Art Institute. He regularly writes about Canon DSLR and filmmaking. His Broadway shorts, such as SHREK UNMASKED, have garnered acclaim. He's worked with DreamWorks, Disney on Ice, Cirque du Soleil, and "studied under" filmmaker Werner Herzog. Clint also writes about the San Francisco arts scene, Napa, Silicon Valley and gadgets. More about Clint: Bio | IMDB RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) The real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? 5 reasons why the smartwatch market took a dramatic nosedive Google refreshes smartphone brand, launches “Pixel” phones starting from $649 Apple iPhone 7 on mission to kill the DSLR lubba I own the surface pro 4 low end. I hardly ever use it. The iPad and my iPhone does everything I need them to do. I would’ve gotten the iPad pro if only safari supported flash. Otherwise I would’ve never gotten the MS surface. You touted windows 10 can do tablet. But what’s to tout when there’s hardly any usable apps. CULTURE TECH/SILICON VALLEY WANDERLUST INTERVIEWS VIDEO FEATURES About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Samples Policy & Shipping Address Google Cloud Platform v11.1 © 2006-2016 BLG Media
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's holiday surprise: big sales, not so big profits By Reuters Published: 20:13 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 20:13 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Jeffrey Dastin and Anya George Tharakan Oct 25 (Reuters) - Apple Inc posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales on Tuesday and forecast slimmer-than-expected profit margins over the upcoming holiday season even as it projected record sales, sending its shares down. The world's most valuable publicly traded company said improved sales from China were around the corner, despite revenue falling almost 30 percent from the country in the latest quarter. It said sales so far to India have only scratched the surface. But a slight miss on fiscal fourth-quarter revenue and a projection of gross profit margins a touch behind analyst targets reflected broader concerns that Apple may have lost its tech superiority, even with the refreshed iPhone 7. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple's products are still seen favorably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note. Apple shares fell 2.8 percent to $114.99 in after-hours trading. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in a phone interview with Reuters it was "impossible to know" if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd halting production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month. He also said that Apple was "supply constrained" and selling all the smartphones it could make. "It's clear that Apple is bullish about growth in the iPhone, but there's little evidence of that growth in the actual results announced today," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. "Given that the iPhone 7 and especially the iPhone 7 Plus is in short supply, Apple is going to be a little constrained in its ability to take full advantage of the strong demand we're seeing," he added. NATURAL PAUSE Apple said it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24. That beat the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Revenue fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, a touch behind Wall Street targets, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Apple forecast revenue of $76 billion to $78 billion for the current, holiday-dominated quarter, ahead of the consensus estimate of $75.08 billion. If it hits that estimate, this quarter would be Apple's biggest on record by sales, ahead of the $75.9 billion revenue it posted in the year-ago period. However, Apple offered a conservative outlook on profit margins, 38 to 38.5 percent, versus expectations of nearly 39 percent, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. "I think people were a bit surprised," said Montagne, whose firm holds Apple shares. Apple shares have outperformed the market over the last three months, and Edward Jones analyst Bill Kreher said the shares were taking a "natural pause" even though results were positive. The stock hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May and has marched up since as investor confidence returned. HOPES FOR CHINA Apple is still optimistic about its business in China, CFO Maestri said. While gross domestic product growth in the country has slowed, the economy is still growing, the middle class is expanding and smartphone ownership remains low, he said. Maestri said high demand for Apple's newest iPhones made the company confident about results in the first quarter. The company's net income fell to $9.01 billion, or $1.67 per share in the quarter from $11.12 billion, or $1.96 per share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of $1.66 per share. Apple's fortunes are strongly tied to the success of the iPhone, which accounts for two-thirds of its revenue. Chief Executive Tim Cook also said on a call with analysts that India was poised to boom in smartphone sales as a more powerful 4G cellular network was put in place this year and next. He also hinted at potential future areas of business, commenting that media content creation and ownership was a great opportunity. Cook declined to say whether Apple was working on a car, as has been widely reported, but he called the industry "interesting." (Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Writing by Peter Henderson; Editing by Ted Kerr and Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's annual profits fall for the first time in 15 years as iPhone sales dip for third quarter in a row Sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period  Expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at Samsung By Reuters and Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:36 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 08:37 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail 18 shares 66 View comments Apple's profits tumbled 19% to $9 billion as it revealed its third quarter of falling iPhone sales in a row. The firm also said revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month.  However, it sold more iPhones than Wall Street had expected in the latest quarter, and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday-shopping season. Scroll down for video  Apple's profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion, and revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. AN APPLE CHRISTMAS?  Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines.  Analysts say that's a good indicator for 2017.  The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple's biggest.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period. Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  It also revealed a cash pile of $238bn, more than 90% of which is held outside the US. 'Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,' said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Forget aliens on Mars, Rosetta images reveal the Millennium... Is a genetically engineered virus the answer to alcoholism?... AT&T to launch online TV service: DirecTV Now will cost $35... Will the first astronauts travelling to Mars suffer from... Share this article Share 18 shares APPLE'S SHARE PRICE AFTER PROFITS TUMBLE  Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.'  Cook also hinted at the firm's next launch, expected to be new MacBook computers. 'We're in the middle of a very season, and on Thursday we have another event here on the Apple campus,' he said, while Apple's CFO promised 'some exciting news for current and future Mac owners very soon.'  Cook also said the firm had new products coming soon. 'We have the strongest pipeline we've ever had.' When asked about the firm's plans for a car, Cook replied:  'I can't speak about rumors but you know we look for ways we can improve the experience on different sets of products. 'We're always looking at new things and the car space is an area where it's clear there are a lot of technologies that will become available... or will be able to revolutionize the car experience.  Apple is also rolling out new designs for its stores, such as this one on London's Regent Street. 'It's interesting, but nothing to announce today.' He also said TV was still 'of intense interest' to the firm, and addressed rumours Apple was building a smart speaker. 'Most people would like an assistant with them all the time,' he said. 'That doesn't say that there's not a nice market for a home assistant - but on balance the useage of one on the phone will be much greater. 'We've been getting 2 billion requests a week on Siri, and we have shipped more assistant enabled devices than anyone out there. He also said it was false that people had to give up privacy for AI assistants. 'We don't buy that, I don't think we should throw privacy away.  'It shouldn't be making a choice.' Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company is also expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, which halted production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphone earlier this month.  Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth engine, fell 29.8 percent in the quarter, after dropping 33 percent in the preceding period.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. APPLE SALES IN  NUMBERS  iPhone – 45.51 million iPad – 9.28 million Mac – 4.89 million Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. 'We are still very bullish on China,' Cook said.  'I think we continue to have a really good opportunity there.'  Apple's shares were down 2.1 percent at $115.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. The shares hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May but have been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Revenue in the latest quarter fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, the third straight decline. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Analysts had expected revenue of $46.94 billion in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.  'We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter,' said Luca Maestri, Apple's CFO. ' We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return programme.'   Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  812 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple posts Q4 2016 earnings: $46.9 billion in revenue as stock soars Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share It's earnings season and all eyes in the tech world were laser focused on Apple today as the iPhone maker posted its earnings results for the recent September quarter. After the bell, Apple released its Q4 2016 earnings report and posted revenue of $46.9 billion. With respect to overall earnings per share, Apple posted an EPS of $1.67. By way of contrast, Apple during the year-ago quarter posted revenue of $51.5 billion and a quarterly profit of $11.1 billion. Meanwhile, Apple's EPS during its fiscal fourth quarter last year checked in at $1.96 DON'T MISS: The difference between iPhone users and Android users Leading up to today's earnings report, analysts were anticipating Apple to post revenue in the $47.1 billion range and to deliver 44.93 million iPhone sales, 9.16 million in iPad sales and 5.15 million in Mac sales. Apple's EPS for the quarter was expected to come in at $1.66. During the quarter, Apple's sales figures came in as follows: 45.5 million in iPhone sales, 9.2 million in iPad sales and 4.8 million in Mac sales. All in all, it was an impressive if not surprising showing for Apple, especially on the iPhone front. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” Tim Cook said in a press release. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.” Looking ahead to Apple's holiday quarter, the company is anticipating revenue to fall in the range $76 billion and $78 billion. In after hours trading, shares of Apple were up significantly. Developing... Trending right now: The difference between iPhone users and Android users The 10 best paid iPhone apps on sale for free today AT&T’s internet-only TV service will give you over 100 channels for $35 a month See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Google Play Music is Now Smarter, Easier to Use, More Assistive Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV Apple Accidentally Leaks Images of New MacBook Pro With 'Magic Toolbar' [Images] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted October 25, 2016 at 8:15pm by iClarified · 15698 views · Translate Apple has accidentally leaked images of its new MacBook Pro in macOS Sierra 10.12.1. As rumored, the new MacBook Pro features an OLED Touch Bar with Touch ID support. The hidden images found in macOS depict the 'Magic Toolbar' being used with Apple Pay. In the image below, an Apple Pay dialog asks the user to confirm a purchase with a finger press. It appears as though Touch ID is built into the rightmost area of the panel where the power button would typically be. Also notable, in the images is a redesigned hinge and speakers on both sides of the 13-inch model's keyboard. The keys do appear slightly flatter suggesting a butterfly keyboard mechanism. The ports are not visible but Apple is expected to include USB-C and Thunderbolt 3, dropping USB-A, MagSafe 2, or Thunderbolt 2 ports. The new MacBook Pro will be unveiled at a special Apple event on Thursday. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (15) Add Comment Nitemare - October 27, 2016 at 4:35pm And still only compatible with several titles. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam ShadowOne - October 26, 2016 at 9:19am Do a search on "Thinkpad 2014 X1 Carbon" (or https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/ThinkPad-X-Series-Laptops/New-2014-X1-Carbon-owner-very-unhappy/td-p/1397621) and you'll know how "useful" this touch bar was. Lenovo learned their lesson and dumped the touch bar the next year. Apparently Apple wants to learn the same lesson 2 years later. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam KLC - October 26, 2016 at 2:35pm You must be that special kind of stupid... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam TT - October 26, 2016 at 3:57pm Apple is not Lenovo, when Apple implements a new technology it means they mastered it, Apple been working on Touch ID when they acquired AuThentec since 4/5 years ago till they mastered it and released it to the public and it worked out great. HP and others tried to use a touch ID technology but it failed big but worked out great for Apple so the touch bar in Macs will be great too unlike Lenovo. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam MitchelM - October 26, 2016 at 6:44am Yeah right!! Like it was really accidentally leaked. I can't wait to see them though! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 10 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... Apple The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Here are all of the third-party apps that will support the new MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... earnings Crunch Report | GoPro Seriously Botches Earnings Alphabet reports a strong third quarter despite free-falling advertising values Amazon plunges on earnings miss Browse more... Apple signals a return to sales growth for the holidays in its fourth-quarter earnings Posted Oct 25, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story Pandora’s latest quarter disappoints investors All eyes are officially on the holiday season for Apple. Ahead of the Christmas retail season, Apple reported its fourth-quarter earnings that were directly in line with what Wall Street was expecting. Almost everything came as expected as the company stands in a basic holding pattern, waiting for the first full quarter of its next generation of iPhone sales to come in throughout the holiday season. It’s not super surprising, but it’s still kind of a breath of fresh air for the company, which has been on a rollercoaster for the past two quarters. Apple reported revenue of $46.9 billion and earnings of $1.67 per share. The company shipped 45.5 million iPhones, 9.3 million iPads and 4.9 million Macs. Wall Street was looking for earnings of $1.65 per share on revenue of $46.9 billion, with iPhone sales of 45 million. Wall Street was looking for iPad sales of 9.1 million. Now, everyone will be looking at the next quarter. Apple is forecasting revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion — basically in line with what Wall Street was expecting. Last year, Apple recorded $75.9 billion in revenue, so that forecast would signal a potential reversal of its revenue declines for the company, which has dogged it for several quarters. It’s a slight level of growth, but in an environment where the smartphone market has been largely saturated and with increasing competition on the low end, that’s a good sign for Apple. There’s going to be one big challenge for Apple: getting enough smartphones out to customers. If you try to buy the iPhone 7 Plus you’ll see there are weeks-long waits for shipping dates. With the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, Apple needs to capitalize on the momentum it can gain on its core competitor, and that means it needs to make enough phones that people can buy on a whim. One important note in the report was that Apple’s average selling price for the iPhone — a metric that basically determines whether people are buying Apple’s most expensive, high-end phones — fell beneath Wall Street’s expectations. There’s always concern that lower-end phones are cannibalizing Apple’s high-end phones, especially with the highly priced Plus models coming out. Apple released the smaller iPhone SE earlier this year, which may be cutting into things. To be completely expected and an exclamation point on the whole thing: Apple shares fell about 2 percent in extended trading after swinging wildly in the third and second quarter reports this year. Here’s the full scorecard: 4Q Earnings: $1.67 per share versus Wall Street’s $1.65 expectations 4Q Revenue: $46.9 billion, in line with Wall Street, down from $51.5 billion last year Gross margin: 38 percent iPhone sales: 45.5 million versus Wall Street’s 45 million estimates Mac sales: 4.9 million iPad sales: 9.3 million Apple’s past two quarters have, primarily, shown that its smartphone business is starting to slow. The company released its new iPhones, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, this quarter but we really aren’t going to see any kind of material impact. As expected, iPhone sales fell once again this quarter, with last year’s fourth-quarter sales coming in at 48.1 million. Earlier this year, Apple broke its extended streak of growing iPhone sales, and that trend continues. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Related Articles Duet Display adds pressure-sensitive input for Apple Pencil and iPad Pro Here's what you can do with the crazy new Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 Plus Apple releases iOS 10.1 with the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait mode Smartwatch sales are tanking Going into the fourth quarter, Apple has one huge tailwind that it wasn’t expecting: the Galaxy Note 7 debacle. After a series of investigations showed that the Note 7 was prone to exploding, the company is pulling the plug on the Note 7 — which was basically one of the few phones that could place a significant dent on the iPhone 7 Plus. That’s going to be critical for Apple going forward. The company, while still in a holding pattern, is still going to need as much help as it can get. In an ironically Microsoft-y problem, Apple’s shares are largely unchanged in the past year, and in the past two years are only up around 12 percent. The company is continuing to ship new products, but as smartphone saturation kicks in and markets start to slow down, it needs to figure out how to roll out new products that will make the ecosystem more sticky as a whole and promote cross-device sales. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes earnings Apple Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Gadgets DroneBase raises from Union Square to pay any pilot for aerial footage 6 minutes ago | Josh Constine Marshall’s new Bluetooth headphones promise 30 hours of life on a charge 3 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s self-driving cars are naturals when it comes to three-point turns 7 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Lima beefs up its Dropbox alternative with the $129 Lima Ultra 7 hours ago | Romain Dillet Comment moderation powered by Up Next Pandora’s latest quarter disappoints investors Posted Oct 25, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 15 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Reports 4Q 2016 Results: $9B Profit on $46.9B Revenue, 45.5M iPhones Tuesday October 25, 2016 2:39 pm PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple today announced financial results for the third calendar quarter and fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. For the quarter, Apple posted revenue of $46.9 billion and net quarterly profit of $9 billion, or $1.67 per diluted share, compared to revenue of $51.5 billion and net quarterly profit of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was 38 percent compared to 39.9 percent in the year-ago quarter, with international sales accounting for 62 percent of revenue. Apple also declared an upcoming dividend payment of $0.57 per share, payable on November 10 to shareholders of record as of November 7. The company currently holds $237.6 billion in cash and marketable securities. For the quarter, Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones, down from 48 million in the year-ago quarter. iPad sales were down to 9.3 million from 9.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, and Mac sales fell to 4.9 million from 5.7 million. For the full fiscal year, Apple generated $215.6 billion in sales with $45.7 billion in net income, down from $233.7 billion in sales and $53.4 billion in net income for fiscal 2015. As predicted, 2016 marks the first full-year revenue decline for Apple since 2001. “Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.”Apple's guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 includes expected revenue of $76-78 billion and gross margin between 38 and 38.5 percent. Apple will provide live streaming of its fiscal Q4 2016 financial results conference call at 2:00 PM Pacific, and MacRumors will update this story with coverage of the conference call highlights. Conference Call and Q&A Highlights are available in reverse chronological order after the jump. 3:01 pm: The conference call has concluded. 2:59 pm: Maestri: "Let me give you some details on both a sequential and YoY basis -- because I think that's where there may be some disconnect over last year's margins. We had both 38% in the June and September quarters, and we're guiding slightly higher in the December quarter because of improved mix, but this will be partially offset by supply constraints and other factors. […] Last year, we had a patent infringement award for $548 million. […] I think it's very important for investors to understand that over the last two years, the U.S. dollar has appreciated 15% over a basket of foreign currencies. […] At some point the strong dollar becomes the new normal and we need to work with that. I think over the years we've made good tradeoffs and our gross margins have remained very stable over that time. 2:56 pm: Q: "Luca, I wanted to ask about the gross margin guidance. I think we were expecting something a little higher -- it's about 50 basis points lower. I'm just curious, is there something going on with pricing or mix going on there?" 2:55 pm: Cook: "I think it's important to look not only at per-capita income, but sort of look at the number of people who are or will move into the middle class of India over the next decade. The age of the population of India -- over 50% of the population is under 25. You have a very, very young population. The smartphone has not done as well in India [as in China], but one of the reasons is the infrastructure has not been there. But this year, and next year, there are enormous investments going into 4G networks. We are working hard to deliver that great experience for customers. I see a lot of factors moving in the right direction there. I think the government is a lot more focused on the infrastructure and creating jobs, which is fantastic, because you really need that. Will India will be as successful as China? India's population should exceed China's over the next decade, but I think the GDP will be slower. I think the reality is there will be a lot of people in the middle class there that will want a smartphone, and I think we can compete well there. There's a lot of headroom there, and we're working very hard to realize that opportunity." 2:51 pm: Q: "Do you see India at one point being as big of an opportunity as China?" 2:50 pm: Cook: "I suspect whenever there are a large number of customers with a phone that is around two years old -- that seems to be the sweet spot -- there will be carriers trying to recruit those customers." 2:50 pm: Q: "Tim, there year we saw carrier incentives come back to force with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Two years we saw a huge upgrade push surrounding iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Do you think carriers worry about customer churn every two years?" 2:49 pm: Cook: "In terms of the ASP, the way we think about it is we want to charge a fair price. We don't want to charge more than that." 2:48 pm: Q: "Do you see more and more features being added to iPhone? Do you think you are at a point where iPhone ASPs (prices) could rise if these features are added?" 2:47 pm: Q from UBS' Steve Milunovich about Apple's product pipeline, to which Cook says Apple has the "strong pipeline it has ever had" but "as usual, it isn't going to talk about whats in it." 2:46 pm: Q from Steve Milunovich with UBS about changing ASPs, to which Maestri says those changes should be less going forward. 2:45 pm: Cook: "I think people would like to have an assistant on them at all times. We live in a mobile society. People are constantly moving from home to work to other things that they may be doing. The advantage of having an assistant on your phone is that it's on you all the time. That's not to say there isn't a nice market for a home assistant, but I think from a balance point of view, the usage of an assistant on the phone would be much greater. In fact, if you look at Siri today, which is accelerating with iOS 10 and on the Mac, we've been getting 2 billion requests per week. Siri is very large, and to our knowledge, we've shipped more assistant-enabled devices than anyone out there. Our focus is worldwide -- not just the U.S., but delivering a great experience globally. We've put a lot of effort into doing that. In terms of the balance between AI and privacy -- this is a long conversation -- but from a high level I think it's a false tradeoff that people think you have to give up privacy for AI to do something for you. We don't buy that. It may take a different kind of work, it might take a different kind of thinking, but I don't think we should throw our privacy away. It's kind of like the old-age debate about privacy vs. security -- it shouldn't be about making a choice." 2:42 pm: Q: "Tim, we've seen an increasing focus on artificial intelligence in products such as Google Home or Amazon Echo? And there's also Siri. How do you think about balancing AI with security?" 2:40 pm: Cook: "We've started on some original content as you mentioned. It's a great opportunity for us both from a creation and ownership point of view. It's definitely an area we're focused on." 2:39 pm: Q: "Cook, you've talked about interest in the TV. Can you elaborate on that? Additionally, what's been happening given acquisitions, how broadly do you think about the content that Apple has started creating itself on a limited basis? Do you think content creation or ownership is important for Apple, or do you think Apple is more focused on the ecosystem and distribution?" 2:38 pm: Maestri says extra competition is not a concern to Apple regarding the iPhone because it cannot supply enough units to keep up with demand. Apple feels confident about its trajectory going forward for the company and the iPhone. 2:36 pm: Cook: "We are open to acquisitions of significant value that can help improve products for our customers." 2:35 pm: Huberty: "Can you give an overall view of acquisitions that might be larger than normal?" 2:35 pm: Cook: "The fiscal year 2016 performance was hurt by the devaluation of the Chinese currency. If you look at what happened in fiscal 2015 in China, we had a surge of upgraders that came into the market for iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, and the upgrade rate increased relatively more in Greater China than elsewhere around the world. So when that upgrade rate returned to a more normal upgrade rate in 2016, revenue fell. That created another issue for us, because we didn't forecast that accurately, so in Q1 last year we put in too much channel inventory and have been adjusting channel inventory in the quarters that have followed. Looking forward, the response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has been very positive. It's very hard to gauge demand when you are selling everything you are making, but we'll learn more through this quarter. We are confident enough to provide guidance that we are returning to growth this quarter. Beyond the 90-day quarter, we are very bullish on China. We are seeing a booming middle class. The LTE adoption rate is still fairly low -- around 45%-50% or so -- and we continue to have a really good opportunity in China. We continue to focus significantly on China." 2:31 pm: Shannon Cross from Cross Research: "Can you talk a little more about China?" 2:30 pm: Cook: "There is clearly some R&D spent on products that are in the development phase and haven't reached the market. That's a part of it. We feel really great about the things we've got. We've put a lot of emphasis on our services category and making the ecosystem even better. We're confidently investing in the future and that's the reason you see the R&D spend increasing." 2:29 pm: Huberty: "What should we read into the fact that R&D has grown 3x while sales have grown about a fifth of that? Is this incremental spend for products that haven't come to market yet?" 2:29 pm: Maestri: "We think we can grow this year. The interest from customers towards iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is very strong. The strength of our services category is very strong. You mentioned the extra 14th week and the few extra days in the quarter do help us, but there are other factors that offset that. […] We are very supply constrained on iPhone 7 Plus. We are more supply constrained at this time compared to a year ago. Apple also had a one-off award of $548 million [from patent lawsuit vs. Samsung] last year, which was a one-off amount. When you take into account all these factors, we believe our guidance is good for the December quarter." 2:27 pm: Katie Huberty from Morgan Stanley: "Luca, can you help us understand what's embedded in revenue guidance for the extra week of the December quarter?" 2:26 pm: Tim Cook: "In the car space, there are a lot of technologies that will become available or will be able to revolutionize the car space. Certainly nothing to announce today." 2:25 pm: Gene Munster from Piper Jaffray: "What advantage could Apple have in the auto space?" 2:23 pm: Maestri has opened the conference call to questions from the media. 2:23 pm: Apple expects revenue to be between $76 and $68 billion in the December quarter, up from $75.9 billion in the year-ago quarter, signaling a return to growth during the upcoming holiday shopping season. 2:22 pm: Maestri: Apple has now completed $133 billion in share repurchases. Apple made four acquisitions during the quarter. Effective tax rate was 26%, slightly higher than 25.5% guidance. 2:21 pm: Maestri: Apple has returned over $9 billion to investors during the September quarter, including $3.1B in dividends and equivalents and $3 billion ASR. 2:21 pm: Maestri: IBM reports that PCs are 3x the cost to manage than Macs. Much lower support costs and higher residual value help IBM save as much as $535 per Mac vs. PC over the span of four years. 2:19 pm: Maestri: Corporate buyers report a 94% satisfaction rate with iPad. 2:19 pm: Maestri: iPad sales were 9.3M in the September quarter. Apple is "highly successful" in tablet market with 82% market share of tablets priced above $200. 2:17 pm: Maestri: Apple saw double-digit growth in several services categories beyond the App Store. 2:17 pm: Maestri: App Store revenue has accelerated for five consecutive quarters. 2:16 pm: Maestri: iPhone customer satisfaction in U.S. remains strong. 451 Research found that among consumers planning to purchase a smartphone within the next 90 days, 60% plan to purchase iPhone. 2:15 pm: Maestri: iPhone ASP increased to $619 in September quarter, above Apple's expectations. Up from $595 in the June quarter when Apple launched iPhone SE and had significant channel inventory reduction. 2:15 pm: Maestri: iPhone performance in China in December quarter will be better. 2:15 pm: Maestri: Strong iPhone growth in many markets, including Canada, Latin America, Central Europe, Middle East, India, and South Asia. 2:14 pm: Maestri: 45.9M iPhones sold in quarter. 2.7M iPhones were in transit at the end of the quarter. 2:13 pm: Cook thanks Apple's employees for a great year and turns the call to Apple's CFO Luca Maestri. 2:13 pm: Cook says Apple is pleased with its enterprise efforts, including a recent partnership with Deloitte that will see Deloitte creating an Apple practice with more than 5,000 "strategic advisors" focused on providing businesses with guidance on how to "change the way they work," updating technology on all of their systems, from retail to R&D to inventory management. 2:12 pm: Cook: iPhone sales in India were up over 50% year-over-year in fiscal 2016. 2:11 pm: Cook cites the Proactive features of iOS 10, advanced facial recognition capabilities of its camera software, and Siri as examples of areas where it has applied machine learning. 2:10 pm: Cook says machine learning is making Apple's products and services smarter and more personable. "We've been using these technologies for years to create better user experiences, and we've invested in it heavily through both R&D and acquisitions." 2:09 pm: Apple expects over 100 HomeKit-compatible products to be on the market by the end of this year. 2:09 pm: Cook reiterates recent software updates: iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10. 2:07 pm: Cook says iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus demand continues to outstrip supply, but Apple is working hard to get the smartphones into the hands of its customers. 2:07 pm: Apple remains confident about the future of its services department. Cook cites the loyalty of Apple's customer base. Apple expects its services category to become the size of a Fortune 100 company in fiscal 2017. 2:06 pm: Apple is seeing a strong volume of transactional volume with Apple Pay around the world. Transactions up nearly 500% year on year for the September quarter. September quarter saw more Apple Pay transactions completed than in entirety of 2015. 2:05 pm: Cook says he expects a strong response and rapid adoption of Apple Pay in Japan. 2:05 pm: 2016 saw the biggest number of Android switchers to iPhones of any year ever. 2:04 pm: Cook says iPhone sales were up year-over-year in 33 of Apple's top 40 markets. 2:04 pm: Tim Cook begins the call by saying Apple is excited about its upcoming "Hello Again" media event on Thursday. 2:02 pm: Apple's earnings call is about to begin. Tag: earnings [ 158 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Aussi3 3 weeks ago Wish I had 237.6 billion in cash and marketable securities Rating: 18 Votes navaira 3 weeks ago I wish my profits dropped to only 9 billion dollars :( Rating: 15 Votes samcraig 3 weeks ago If that is TL;DR - here's what you need to know Apple still made a crapton of money. But after 15 years, they had their first full-year revenue decline. Rating: 15 Votes realeric 3 weeks ago It's better than expectation with old products. No new Mac mini, no new Mac pros, no new iPad Air, no new iPad mini, no new iPod, no new Apple TV, no new Apple TV services, no new features on Apple watch, no new iMacs... What all Apple employees have done for a year is building the spaceship, expanding showrooms, and making new watch bands. Rating: 12 Votes Floris 3 weeks ago Since 2001, for the first time, .. and people think it's the apocalypse :) Nice job on making billions in profit Apple. Keep it up.. like, release an iMac and Mac Pro for example. Rating: 9 Votes ToM7 3 weeks ago the first that post "apple is doomed" is going to hell ;) Rating: 8 Votes Attirex 3 weeks ago time for tim to resign, jobs wouldn't have done this, worst keynote ever, not interested in iphone 7, bring back the jack, tim is an accountant not a visionary like jobs, macs haven't been updated in ten years, where is oled iphone, bring back mag safe, apple is doomed, apple has lost its way, I really miss jobs, I really miss the old apple, I remember when apple was about making macs not watchbands, the AW is a failure, moar watchbands, watchbands, safari feels snappier, where is updated mac pro, asus makes much better laptops than apple now, i'm switching to pc, eddy cue is a moron, everyone tuck in your shirts, apple is doomed, less project titan more macs, Rating: 8 Votes KPOM 3 weeks ago That's a massive drop in iPhone sales. Especially for a major iPhone update as opposed to an 'S' upgrade. Over a 5% drop, ouch. Only 2 weeks of iPhone 7 sales are included. It was actually about 500,000 units more than analysts were expecting. Rating: 8 Votes sracer 3 weeks ago Both hyperbole extremes, "oh noes, Apple is doomed!" and "Apple's doing great! No worries!" are not helpful and miss what is going on. When a company that was riding high falls, it usually falls quickly and it falls hard. To dismiss flat or a slight downturn is to do so at their own peril. Apple doesn't need to panic, but one could make the case that there are some issues with their product lines that have gone unaddressed for a bit too long. Hopefully the Oct 27 presentation will be the first in many steps towards addressing those issues. Rating: 7 Votes ILuvEggplant 3 weeks ago Get ready for that Apple Spin boys ! GREAT products coming down the pipe line! We have a great interest in that! Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 11 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD

null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple's annual profits fall for the first time in 15 years as iPhone sales dip for third quarter in a row Sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period  Expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at Samsung By Reuters and Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:36 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 08:37 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail 18 shares 66 View comments Apple's profits tumbled 19% to $9 billion as it revealed its third quarter of falling iPhone sales in a row. The firm also said revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month.  However, it sold more iPhones than Wall Street had expected in the latest quarter, and forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday-shopping season. Scroll down for video  Apple's profit fell 19 percent to $9 billion, and revenue declined 9 percent to $46.8 billion for the quarter that ended last month. AN APPLE CHRISTMAS?  Apple is forecasting a return to sales growth in the three months ending December, after three quarterly declines.  Analysts say that's a good indicator for 2017.  The holiday quarter is traditionally Apple's biggest.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.  Apple sold 48.05 million smartphones in the year-earlier period. Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  It also revealed a cash pile of $238bn, more than 90% of which is held outside the US. 'Our strong September quarter results cap a very successful fiscal 2016 for Apple,' said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Forget aliens on Mars, Rosetta images reveal the Millennium... Is a genetically engineered virus the answer to alcoholism?... AT&T to launch online TV service: DirecTV Now will cost $35... Will the first astronauts travelling to Mars suffer from... Share this article Share 18 shares APPLE'S SHARE PRICE AFTER PROFITS TUMBLE  Apple forecast revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion for the current quarter.  Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 'We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record.'  Cook also hinted at the firm's next launch, expected to be new MacBook computers. 'We're in the middle of a very season, and on Thursday we have another event here on the Apple campus,' he said, while Apple's CFO promised 'some exciting news for current and future Mac owners very soon.'  Cook also said the firm had new products coming soon. 'We have the strongest pipeline we've ever had.' When asked about the firm's plans for a car, Cook replied:  'I can't speak about rumors but you know we look for ways we can improve the experience on different sets of products. 'We're always looking at new things and the car space is an area where it's clear there are a lot of technologies that will become available... or will be able to revolutionize the car experience.  Apple is also rolling out new designs for its stores, such as this one on London's Regent Street. 'It's interesting, but nothing to announce today.' He also said TV was still 'of intense interest' to the firm, and addressed rumours Apple was building a smart speaker. 'Most people would like an assistant with them all the time,' he said. 'That doesn't say that there's not a nice market for a home assistant - but on balance the useage of one on the phone will be much greater. 'We've been getting 2 billion requests a week on Siri, and we have shipped more assistant enabled devices than anyone out there. He also said it was false that people had to give up privacy for AI assistants. 'We don't buy that, I don't think we should throw privacy away.  'It shouldn't be making a choice.' Analysts, on average, had expected $75.08 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company is also expected to get a boost in the current quarter from problems at rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, which halted production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphone earlier this month.  Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth engine, fell 29.8 percent in the quarter, after dropping 33 percent in the preceding period.  The world's most valuable publicly traded company said on Tuesday it sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months ended Sept. 24, beating the average analysts' estimate of 44.8 million, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. APPLE SALES IN  NUMBERS  iPhone – 45.51 million iPad – 9.28 million Mac – 4.89 million Revenue from Greater China doubled in the year-earlier quarter. 'We are still very bullish on China,' Cook said.  'I think we continue to have a really good opportunity there.'  Apple's shares were down 2.1 percent at $115.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. The shares hit a 12-month low of $89.47 in May but have been on an uptrend since then as investor confidence returned. Revenue in the latest quarter fell 9 percent to $46.85 billion, the third straight decline. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting the slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Analysts had expected revenue of $46.94 billion in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.  'We are pleased to have generated $16.1 billion in operating cash flow, a new record for the September quarter,' said Luca Maestri, Apple's CFO. ' We also returned $9.3 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and have now completed over $186 billion of our capital return programme.'   Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  812 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Tech Apple's new MacBook Pro has no escape key New, 108 comments Virtual buttons are a smarter approach by Chris Welch Oct 25, 2016, 4:31pm EDT share tweet Linkedin So it turns out that images of Apple's new MacBook Pro, set to be unveiled on Thursday, are actually hiding inside the latest macOS Sierra update. They confirm that Jony Ive and Apple's designers have added a touch bar to the company's top-of-the-line laptop. To make room for that, Apple completely got rid of the function keys that've been at the top of Mac keyboards for years. Physical esc key? Gone. Same for the brightness buttons and volume controls. They're history. Apple wisely seems to have combined the power button and Touch ID sensor, though it's not yet clear whether this button is actually mechanical. Now it's probably fair to assume that many of these settings — at least the more popular ones — will appear on the touch bar by default. I can't remember the last time I actually pressed esc, though I do feel for programmers and engineers. THE NEW MACBOOK HAS NO PHYSICAL ESCAPE KEY RIP VIM USERS https://t.co/n82uJapWjQ pic.twitter.com/B9VNrHClqd — David Zhou (@dz) October 25, 2016 For me, I'd hope that when I'm doing everyday tasks on my MacBook, things like brightness and volume controls will just be there. Previous reports have rumored that the touch bar will present different controls and options based on the apps you've got open, which makes a ton of sense. The versatility of touchscreens was one of the things that Steve Jobs highlighted when introducing the original iPhone, remember. "Every application wants a slightly different user interface, a slightly optimized set of buttons just for it." Now that philosophy is coming to the MacBook Pro's bottom half. How often do you really adjust the keyboard's backlight? Do those controls really need to be permanent? Forcing people out of their button instincts might also help boost Siri usage on Apple's desktop and laptop computers. I write for The Verge and have barely used it since Sierra launched, which probably isn't an awesome sign. I'm always going to miss a button in some scenarios, though, like whenever I open my laptop and audio unexpectedly starts blaring. Mashing buttons in a panic is always more reassuring than a pane of glass. As for what else Apple has courageously changed about its upcoming MacBook Pro, well, we're less than 48 hours from finding out. pic.twitter.com/NtwUxe9hUM — darth™ (@darth) October 25, 2016 First look at the new MacBook Pro Via: Owen Williams (Twitter) Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Mobile Tech Apple working on Google Glass-style AR glasses, says report by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apple is working on a wearable device similar to Google Glass that would blend an augmented reality display with a standard pair of glasses, according to a report from Bloomberg News. The company is still exploring the smart glasses market, the... New, 0 comments Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 1 comment Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 5 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 5 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Images of New MacBook Pro With Magic Toolbar Leaked in macOS Sierra 10.12.1 Tuesday October 25, 2016 1:17 pm PDT by Juli Clover macOS Sierra 10.12.1, released yesterday, includes hidden Apple Pay images that depict the brand new MacBook Pro with an OLED touch panel that's set to be announced by Apple on Thursday, October 27. In addition to confirming that such a product is in the works, the images give us our first full look at the redesigned MacBook Pro ahead of its launch. An OLED touch panel is located on top of the keyboard, where the function keys would normally be placed, and it very clearly supports Touch ID, as it is seen used with Apple Pay. As has been rumored, the touch panel, which may be called the "Magic Toolbar," appears to be contextual, changing based on what's on the screen. In the images, Apple Pay dialog is depicted, asking a customer to confirm a purchase with a finger on the panel. It appears Touch ID is built into a nearly-invisible power button located next to the display. Aside from the OLED touch panel, the new MacBook Pro looks similar in design to the existing models. It looks like the 13-inch MacBook Pro is used in the images, suggesting the machine will gain speakers located at the side of the keyboard. Thickness can't be determined from the orientation of the MacBook Pro in the images, but rumors suggest the new machine is thinner and lighter weight than existing models. A redesigned hinge can be seen in the images, suggesting it is indeed quite a bit thinner. Also visible are much flatter keys, similar in design to the keys of the Retina MacBook, which use a new butterfly mechanism. Ports are not visible, but based on past part leaks, we're expecting four USB-C ports and a headphone jack, with the HDMI port, MagSafe port, and SD card slot being eliminated. Apple will announce the new MacBook Pro on Thursday, October 27 at 10:00 a.m. A new MacBook Air model is also expected, and new iMacs are a possibility. MacRumors will provide live coverage of the event both on MacRumors.com and on the MacRumorsLive Twitter account. (Thanks, Richard!) Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Tag: October 2016 event Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 1081 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) TMRJIJ 3 weeks ago Here's my card, Apple. Rating: 82 Votes Corrode 3 weeks ago Wow. Don't have to go looking for hardware leaks in a pub anymore. Just look through Apple's own software. Rating: 61 Votes gforce216 3 weeks ago That is slick looking Rating: 48 Votes Kwstas 3 weeks ago RIP my lovely esc button Rating: 41 Votes joshen 3 weeks ago So how do you change the brightness while doing an Apple Pay payment? :( You wait one second until the payment is complete. Rating: 38 Votes jfrancis04 3 weeks ago Yeah, that's definitely the rMB butterfly keyboard. *sigh* Rating: 37 Votes Cougarcat 3 weeks ago I'm sad that they went back to the "MacBook Pro" text. It looked cleaner before, like an iPhone. Also, that keyboard looks suspiciously thin. I'm getting anxiety just looking at it. Rating: 35 Votes iReality85 3 weeks ago Well, guess we know what the MacBook Pro looks like. Looks the same. Party's over folks! Rating: 29 Votes gnsallman 3 weeks ago so where are the ports There are none. You get the computer with a full charge and once it dies, you can't charge it. You have to buy a new one. Rating: 28 Votes TheralSadurns 3 weeks ago Oh and there is quite a few other things... now that I started digging... like dark airpods... In a @3x resolution! /System/Library/Frameworks/MediaPlayer.framework/Versions/A/Resources/airpods_dark@3x-b188.png Rating: 23 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 11 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Report: Apple has team in Canada working on car operating system By Cody Lee, Oct 25, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments Apple has dozens of software engineers in Canada building a car operating system, reports Bloomberg. The engineers are said to be working at an office in Kanata, close to the offices of BlackBerry’s QNX, where many of them were previously employed. The engineers now work at an Apple office in the Ottawa suburb of Kanata, about a five-minute walk from QNX, the people said. Apple targeted QNX employees because of their experience developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management, a former QNX executive said.  The car operating system is the software core of a future Apple car platform, in the same way iOS powers the iPhone. A separate Apple team is developing software that would guide future self-driving cars and run on the operating system, one of the people said. The report says that autonomous software was just one of many features once planned for Apple’s car initiative. The project has been slimmed down dramatically since its inception, and the team has been given a 2017 deadline to prove it has some direction. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend KGI: Apple’s AR tech could end up in autonomous driving system Apple shutters parts of its car project as it rethinks strategy Small Korean firm rumored to co-develop advanced hollow batteries for Project Titan Bloomberg: Apple’s Project Titan prioritizes autonomous driving amid new hirings Related Topics Apple, Car, News, Project Titan, Rumors David Gow With billions in cash … take ur time and get it awesome Nathan Since it’s made in Canada, it probably has a built in ‘safe space’ for people to escape to when they are offended, or a ‘beast cage’ where they can exercise their right to beastiality!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac New Apple ad highlights Beats Solo3 Wireless 40-hour battery & on-ear controls   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Show Updates   People News   TV Ratings News   Entertainment News   RealityTVDB   POP Hollywood   Spoiler News Features & Interviews   Sexy Social Pics of the Day   Things to Know Profiles   Message Boards   Shows Listing The Amazing Race American Grit American Idol America's Got Talent America's Next Top Model The Apprentice Bachelor in Paradise The Bachelor The Bachelorette Ben & Lauren Big Brother The Biggest Loser Counting On Coupled Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars Duck Dynasty Hell's Kitchen Keeping Up with the Kardashians Kendra On Top Married at First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Pawn Stars Project Runway The Real Housewives Shark Tank So You Think You Can Dance Survivor Teen Mom Top Chef The Voice More Shows HOME > OTHER ENTERTAINMENT NEWS > NEWS Chris Martin performs with children Apple and Moses UPI News Service, 10/25/2016  Chris Martin delighted fans by performing with children Apple and Moses over the weekend. ADVERTISEMENT The 39-year-old Coldplay frontman brought Apple and Moses Martin, his 12-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son with ex-wife Gwyneth Paltrow, onstage to sing at a Malibu Boys and Girls Club benefit Saturday. Apple impressed with a cover of "Just a Little Bit of Your Heart" by Ariana Grande with Martin on piano. Moses later joined his dad for "House of Gold" by Twenty One Pilots, as seen in a Coldplay fan club video. Martin also performed with Beck, Jakob Dylan, Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith and E Street band keyboardist Roy Bittan. He previously brought his kids onstage at Glastonbury Festival in June. Martin and Paltrow split in 2014 after 10 years of marriage and finalized their divorce in July. Paltrow opened up about Apple and Moses in the March issue of Glamour, adding that she and Martin remain close friends. "They're smart, they're funny, they have pretty good heads on their shoulders," she said of her kids. "I think they're both gonna be drawn to perform. They're naturals -- they sing, act, play guitar, do stand-up -- it's brimming out of them." "We spend a lot of time together," the actress added of Martin. "We're still very much a family, even though we don't have a romantic relationship. He's like my brother." Martin and Coldplay last released the album A Head Full of Dreams in December. The record debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 and includes the singles "Adventure of a Lifetime" and "Hymn for the Weekend." << PRIOR STORY Amy Schumer faces backlash for 'Formation' parody NEXT STORY >> Glenn Close returning to 'Sunset Boulevard' on Broadway this winter Get more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed. Copyright 2016 United Press International, Inc. (UPI). Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent. Former 'The Bachelor' star Chris Soules to offer Nick Viall advice on upcoming season Jana Kramer: Laurie Hernandez is no longer the one to beat, this 'Dancing with the Stars' season is anyone's game Scott Disick whisks Kourtney Kardashian away to Mexico to reportedly "try and make things work again" Kelly Clarkson gushes about "awesome" day at Disney World Terra Jole -- 8 things to know about the 'Dancing with the Stars' celebrity Adam Levine shares photo with wife Behati Prinsloo and new daughter Dusty Rose -- "Everything I need" Miley Cyrus joins fiance Liam Hemsworth at family birthday party Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic message amid rumors of Tristan Thompson split -- Remove "toxic people" from your life Sasha Farber -- 8 things to know about the 'Dancing with the Stars' pro 'The Real Housewives of Atlanta' star Phaedra Parks' ex Apollo Nida reportedly engaged, to appear on new season with fiancee 'Westworld,' 'Divorce' and 'Insecure' renewed by HBO for second seasons 'Man with a Plan,' 'Great Indoors' and 'Code Black' get full-season pickups from CBS Gwen Ifill, famed PBS journalist and author, dies at 61 'One Mississippi' renewed by Amazon for second season Ashlee Simpson celebrates son Bronx's birthday at Disneyland Drake releases new video for track 'Sneakin' featuring 21 Savage 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child' wins Best Play at London Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'Beauty and the Beast' comes to life in first full-length trailer Lin-Manuel Miranda says his family re-created 'Sound of Music' in Austria Ariel Winter and actor Levi Meaden vacation in Mexico Jackie Chan, 3 other Hollywood Legends get Oscars at 2016 Governors Awards Luke Perry, Jennie Garth and '90210' cast reunite, pay tribute to Shannen Doherty Take Our User Survey Page generated Mon Nov 14, 2016 19:54 pm in 1.1885221004486 seconds About Reality TV World   •   Advertise on Reality TV World  •   Contact Reality TV World  •   Privacy Policy   •   RSS Feed Top Shows:  The Amazing Race · American Idol · America's Got Talent · America's Next Top Model · The Apprentice · Bachelor Pad · The Bachelor · The Bachelorette · Big Brother · The Biggest Loser · Breaking Amish · Dance Moms · Dancing with the Stars · Duck Dynasty · Extreme Makeover · Fashion Star · Hell's Kitchen · Here Comes Honey Boo Boo · Jersey Shore · Jon & Kate Plus 8 · Keeping Up with the Kardashians · MasterChef · Pawn Stars · Project Runway · The Real Housewives · The Real World · Shark Tank · So You Think You Can Dance · Survivor · Swamp People · Teen Mom · Top Chef · The Voice · The X Factor The Bachelor:  Bachelor 17 · Bachelor 16 · Bachelor 15 · Bachelor 14 · Bachelor 13 · Bachelor 12 · Bachelor 11 · Bachelor 10 · Bachelor 9 · Bachelor 8 · Bachelor 7 · Bachelor 6 · Top Model:  Top Model 20 · Top Model 19 · Top Model 18 · Top Model 17 · Top Model 16 · Top Model 15 · Top Model 14 · Top Model 13 · Top Model 12 · Top Model 11 · Top Model 10 · Top Model 9 · All logos and trademarks presented are property of their respective owner. All site content is © 2000-2016 Reality TV World and may not be republished or reproduced without Reality TV World's expressed written permission. This website has been solely developed and presented by Reality TV World, and is in no way authorized or connected with any network, station affiliate, or broadcasting sponsor. Page fetched in 1.2001800537109 seconds
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac News Apple's Mac event: More than just new models Has the opportunity to clarify where the Mac fits, say analysts More like this Mac sales slide 14% as slump enters fourth straight quarter Apple's MacBook Pro price hikes bolster iPad Pro-as-PC argument Apple to refresh MacBook Pro, cull 11-in. Air this month on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Credit: Apple Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Gregg Keizer Follow Computerworld | Oct 25, 2016 1:17 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac MacOS Apple Comments Apple on Thursday is expected to unveil new Mac notebooks at the first event dedicated to its personal computer line since March 2015. If Apple follows its well-worn path, company executives will trot out refreshed hardware and trumpet changes while slides on a big screen strut the new specs and prices. But some analysts figured Apple may do more than that. Not a "One more thing" moment -- the Jobsian habit that always got cheers from partisans, and a practice that current CEO Tim Cook has sometimes copied -- but instead an explanation of the Mac, a new narrative for the personal computer, a revamped marketing message for the firm's lines. Those analysts were anticipating something more because Apple has pushed many of its Mac refreshes into the deep end of the pool and made them swim with a press release introduction and a quick switcheroo at its brick-and-mortar and online stores. Live events have generally been reserved for the bigger revenue fish, like the iPhone, or the newest, shiniest products, like the Watch. The last Mac live roll-out was a year and a half ago, when Apple launched a radically redesigned MacBook. So when Apple deigned to do an actual launch, Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research, saw it as an opportunity for the firm to describe where the Mac fit. "That's more interesting" than the nuts and bolts of the next-generation Macs, Dawson said. One possibility: "Apple has talked about the iPad Pro as the vision of the [personal computing] future," said Dawson. "So what is the Mac then? Is that the present?" Dawson was referring to comments Cook made in July. "iPad Pro is ... the ultimate replacement device for customers switching from PC notebooks," Cook asserted during an earnings call with Wall Street. Apple's advertising also picked up the message, labeling the tablet and keyboard combination a "computer." Apple could "clarify the framing of the iPad Pro and the Mac," Dawson added about the Thursday event. Stephen Baker, an NPD Group analyst who specializes in retail technology sales, was also thinking of the iPad Pro. When asked whether the old-Macs-don't-sell theory was valid, Baker took the affirmative, but with caveats. "You can't dismiss the idea that some people are moving from Macs to iPad Pros," Baker said. "It's one of the unrecognized issues in the challenge to sell Macs." In fact, said Baker, if speculation is on target, Apple will signal the Mac's place in the company when it shows customers which models continue and which disappear. The talk, Baker continued, was of refreshed MacBook Pros and MacBooks, and a reduction in the number of different MacBook Airs. The result: "Fewer SKUs," Baker said, using the "stock-keeping units" label for discrete models. "For 10-in. and above, Apple doesn't need that many SKUs." Eliminating part of the Air line-up -- many pundits have written off the 11-in. MacBook Air -- or even scrubbing the whole line would speak volumes. "At those MacBook Air price points of $900 to $1,200, the iPad Pro is a pretty good solution for those customers," Baker said. "We definitely see that" in our data. RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac MacOS Apple Gregg Keizer — Senior Writer Senior Writer Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN White Paper Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... The top 12 overused IT terms A lot of what we talk about in IT confuses the heck out of our business-side colleagues. Check your Facebook account right now; you might be dead Oops. Facebook made a big mistake. It is reporting that people are dead. Disputing Citi’s dispute change Citi has taken a step in the right direction by allowing cardholders to dispute charges from within its... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close WhatsApp is rolling out video calling in new Android beta version Apple earnings Q4 2016: Apple beats estimates and iPhone revenue tops expectations despite lull in sales Everything we know about Apple’s ‘Hello Again’ Mac event Patrick O'Rourke October 25, 2016 4:01pm Those who have been waiting for Apple’s inevitable, long awaited revamp of the MacBook Pro are finally in luck. Following the launch of the iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus as well as the Apple Watch Series 2, the Cupertino, Califonia based company is set to revamp its most ancient product category, the MacBook Pro, marking its first redesign since 2012. This refresh will be the first upgrade since 2015 to a Mac that doesn’t include the company’s 12-inch MacBook getting a gold colour variant and marginally faster hardware. Rejoice, a new MacBook Pro is coming The updated Pro will reportedly feature a thinner case, larger trackpad, faster graphics card and most interestingly, a secondary OLED display that replaces its standard function keys. According to rumours, this screen will be highly customizable, shifting based on the application it’s currently running, similar to a smartphone of tablet’s touchscreen. This is a fact Apple’s former CEO Steve Jobs placed significant emphasis on at the iPhone’s initial keynote reveal back in 2007. Unlike static, physical keyboards, touchscreens have the ability to change user interfaces for every app the device is running. While strange-sounding at first, this feature could fundamentally alter how people interact with the traditional laptop. For example, a video editing application could now display controls related to its specific purpose, where as a word processor might adopt inputs related to its function. While nothing has been confirmed, this new display, which may also feature a built-in fingerprint sensor, could be called the “Magic Toolbar.” The image (posted above and first reported by MacRumours) that leaked earlier today seems to confirm the Magic Toolbar’s functionality. It’s also expected that the MacBook Pro will utilize USB-C, though it will likely feature more than one port unlike the 12-inch 2015 and 2016 iteration of the MacBook. However, it looks like Apple’s popular MagSafe port is going to be scuttled in favour of USB-C charging, though it’s possible Apple could have developed its own version of a USB-C MagSafe adapter. The laptop’s body, however, won’t be tapered like current MacBook Air and Retina MacBook, instead adopting shallower curves around its edges. Other details include the fact that the MacBook Pro will continue to be available in 13-inch and 15-inch sizes. It will also feature a pressure sensitive Force Touch trackpad, revamped keys that could be more like the 12-inch MacBook’s, thin speaker grills beside its keyboard and up to 2TB of storage space. Finally, the new MacBook Pro will feature faster flash storage, Intel’s new Skylake Processor, an improved retina display and a new colour option accompanying gold, rose gold, silver and space gray, though its unclear exactly what the hue is. Could the iMac get a refresh While this rumour is less concrete, Apple might also reveal new iMacs with updated AMD graphics chips at its event on Thursday. It’s unclear if the new iMac will also get an aesthetic revamp. Though the industry has shifted largely towards laptops, the power dedicated work stations like the iMac provide is still valuable for people working in certain industries. More recent rumours indicate that we won’t get our first glimpse at Apple’s future plans for the iMac on October 27th. Instead, the company may wait until early 2017 to reveal and launch the new desktop devices. They will reportedly not receive a processor upgrade though since they’re already using Intel’s Skylake generation of chips. As a side note, Apple could show off the successor to its retired Thunderbolt display, a new 5K (5120 x 2880 pixel) retina display with an integrated GPU, manufactured through a partnership with LG. Finally, it’s possible both the Mac mini and the Mac Pro could get a refresh, since it’s been a number of years since Apple has updated the internals of either device. It’s also possible that Apple has decided to ditch those form factors altogether though. Time to live #DongleLife It’s expected that Apple could either leave behind the MacBook Air or, in an alternate scenario, slightly revamp the device with USB-C technology. Unfortunately if the Air does live on, it likely won’t get a retina display, but will be equipped with Skylake architecture. In the scenario where the Air does survive Apple’s keynote on Thursday, speculation indicates the 11-inch Air will be retired. We’ll be on the ground at Apple’s Mac event this coming Thursday, bringing you all the news directly from the show floor. SourceBloomberg, Mac Rumours, 2 The Iceman Cometh Based on these rumours I don’t see much here of any significance really. Their refusal to adopt a 2-in-1 model for the MacBook continues to be a let-down or the ability to use it as a touchscreen similar to what the Surface Book and Pro are doesn’t make it compelling anymore. Apple used to be a leading edge company whereas now its just another dinosaur that hasn’t come up with anything original or an improvement as such for years. No doubt one thing that won’t change is the ridiculous price tags on these units and the suckers buying them. beefmoretti But the secondary display! Revolutionary! The Iceman Cometh lol! If you say so. Patrick O’Rourke Nothing revolutionary sure, but there’s a lot of anticipation for the new Mac, especially those clinging to the Aging Air and Pro. The OLED panel may not be “revolutionary” but it could change how we interact with a standard laptop, at least if it actually works well. The Iceman Cometh Well its true the Air and Pro are getting long in the tooth but this is fundamentally the problem with Apple in all their product lines. The iPhone, iPad, Mac models and even the iPhone are just not compelling as they used to be. I still love MacOS (OS X as I prefer to call it) and think its superior to Windows in many ways but I find myself using a Surface Pro more these days, Android box and tablet for my other content needs while still clinging to an iPhone but have an Android there as a backup too. Apple will sell whatever they make in sufficient numbers to drive a healthy profit but again the upgrades really appear more incremental than revolutionary and it seems like its been a long time since this company did anything worthy of a head turn. Do Do If the current 2015 Macbook Pro model were released today it would still be an excellent computer and one of top notebooks. It just wouldn’t have the latest top specs but I have no complaints, well sometimes I wish I had a couple more usb ports and sometimes I wish I had the 12″ Macbook thinness in 15″ screen size but overall, it’s really nice. Regardless of what the 2016 notebook is like, I’d wait a while, first iterations of new models always have issues. Next year or the year after should fix inevitable problems. On the other hand if I had a 2011 or earlier model, I wouldn’t wait. Cowpoke ‘Hello again…?’ But they nevir went away!!! The Iceman Cometh Compared to what Microsoft announced today Apple is going to have to do some serious rethinking of their product lines. Microsoft is beating them at the innovation game coming up with new products that challenge nearly every niche of the Apple business save the iPhone. It’s Me You’re probably right. MS is coming at hardware like a startup, because in many ways they kind of are. Apple is at their best when they are the disrupters, trying to upset the status quo. In many ways, in the laptop game, they are the establishment so it’s a difficult call to try to intentionally upset the Apple cart. The Iceman Cometh The problem is that its been a long time since Apple really ‘disrupted’ anything and that’s the most frustrating thing to watch ever since Jobs’ death. I understand their desire to not ‘upset the Apple cart’ with products that have been a proven success but its time they started to offer something different outside the norm to demonstrate the company still has a shred of creativity left in it to get people to stand up and take notice. It’s Me Really hasn’t been that long. Under jobs the biggest products were the iMac (1998), iPod (2001), iPhone (2007) and iPad (2010). 3-6 year gaps. Jobs has been dead 5 years. How many new products should they have been expected to launch since then? The Iceman Cometh A couple at least. The Watch really wasn’t that big of a hit but most importantly the market itself has evolved considerably since the early days of iMacs, iPods and the iPhone They are milking the same cows over and over again and it ain’t interesting anymore It’s Me A couple? So they should be putting out new product lines faster than when Jobs was around otherwise they aren’t keeping up? I think that’s expecting a bit much. Let’s say they wanted a new cow to milk. When you are the largest and most successful company in the world, what new product category is big enough to even make a dent on the bottom line? They come out with a new widget. It could be the best widget ever and they could sell a zillion of them. And if it doesn’t move the needle on their revenue, it’s a waste of their time and would be seen as a failure. They were made “bet the company” moves before. At their size now, what’s left worth betting the company on? Cars? That’s one of the few areas that might actually move the needle and that takes years to get to market. The Iceman Cometh Oh come on! You said it yourself. 3-6 years and it’s already been 5 years since Jobs’ passing. Unless of course you think the Watch was something unique or groundbreaking As far as being the largest and most successful company” is concerned that’s not a title they are going to hold indefinitely if shilling the same products is all they have left while their competitors power ahead with far more innovative and exciting products. Microsoft of the past has shown us that already while they’ve had to rebuild from the ground up. I just don’t feel Apple today is what it was 3-4 years ago and their products are getting long in the tooth and boring and this comes from someone who was a major fan back in the day enthusiastic about their offerings Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Confirms New Note 8 Arriving in Q3 2017 | Main | Apple Q4 2016 Financials were 100% in Line with Apple's Guidance hitting $46.9 Billion in Revenue » October 25, 2016 Apple's Canadian Office is Focused on Developing carOS   In January Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple to Open New Canadian Office in Automotive Industrial Park." We noted in the report at the time that Apple had established a presence in Ottawa, Canada. Sources had said that the facility was believed to be devoted to an Apple research and development center. Ottawa has a major presence in the automotive software sector. Kanata Research Park is already home to BlackBerry's automotive division, QNX Software Systems, which recently unveiled a slate of new software for the rapidly evolving driverless car market. That was an interesting development for Apple in context with their Project Titan and developing car systems. Today Bloomberg provides us with an update on the developments in Apple's research facility in Canada and it appears that they're aggressively chasing top QNX talent.    The Bloomberg report states that "Apple Inc. has dozens of software engineers in Canada building a car operating system, a rare move for a company that often houses research and development projects close to its Cupertino, California headquarters, according to people familiar with the matter.   Many of the engineers working in Canada were hired over the past year and about two dozen came from BlackBerry's QNX, a leading automotive software provider. Apple purposely targeted QNX employees because of their experience developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management, a former QNX executive said.   The most notable Apple hire from QNX was its chief executive officer, Dan Dodge. Since joining Apple's Project Titan car initiative early this year, he's taken on a larger role overseeing the car operating system, splitting his time between Canada and California, the people said. Another notable addition is Derrick Keefe, who left QNX last year after more than a decade as a senior engineer, one of the people said.   The car operating system is the software core of a future Apple car platform, in the same way iOS powers the iPhone. A separate Apple team is developing software that would guide future self-driving cars and run on the operating system, one of the people said.   Apple engineers also envision a heads-up display like our cover graphic. Such a display windsheild would allow drivers to access apps like maps so the driver would only have to shift their eyes to see the map.   For more on this story read the full Bloomberg report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 25, 2016 at 02:07 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 Kif Leswing Oct. 25, 2016, 3:56 PM 33,659 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla Apple reported its first annual revenue decline in 15 years as sales of the iPhone continue to shrink and Wall Street frets that the world’s most valuable company doesn’t have a game-changing new product to revive its growth. Shares of Apple’s stock slipped about 2 percent in after hours trading on Tuesday. In the three months ended September 24, Apple said its revenue declined about 9% year on year. The company’s $46.9 billion in fiscal Q4 revenue was in line with Wall Street’s lackluster expectations, as Apple marked the third consecutive quarter that iPhone sales have declined. Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the recently released iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models were off to a strong start, with demand for the phones outstripping supply.That will help Apple return its revenue to growth in the next quarter, he said. “It’s very hard to gauge demand as you know when you’re selling everything you’re making,” Cook said on a conference call. Cook deflected analyst questions about the company’s rumored efforts developing self-driving car technology during a conference call, describing the potential for technology to revolutionize the car experience as “interesting.” Here's what Apple reported for the September quarter:  Q4 EPS (GAAP): $1.67 per share, down 14.79% year-over-year (y/y), versus expectations of $1.65 Q4 revenue: $46.9 billion, down 8.93% y/y, versus expectations of $46.9 billion Gross margin: 38%, down 4.76% y/y, versus expectations of 37.9% iPhone unit sales: 45.5 million, down 5.3% y/y, versus expectations of 45 million iPhone ASP: $618, down 7.7% y/y, versus expectations of $625 iPad unit sales: 9.2 million, down 6.8% y/y, versus expectations of 9.1 million Mac unit sales: 4.8 million, down 15.7% y/y, versus expectations of 5.1 million December quarter revenue guidance: Between $76 billion and $78 billion. At its midpoint, that guidance suggests 1.44% growth next quarter over last year.    Here's a table with all the results: Apple Here are the charts: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Here are our notes from the earnings call: 5:02: Apple really should use Beats 1 as the hold music.  5:03: Apple CEO Tim Cook opens by talking about Thursday's MacBook Pros, which leaked today! 5:04: iPhone sales up y/y in 33 markets, says Cook. Apple music rev grew by 22% thanks the growing popularity of apple music. 5:05: Cook talking Apple Pay in Japan. "We expect a strong response and rapid adoption ... we are seeing strong growth in transaction volume in Apple Pay. Transactions up 500% y/y for the September quarter." Says more transactions in September than in all of 2015.  5:06: "We have almost doubled the size of our services revenue in the last four years," says Cook. 5:06: Demand continues to outstrip supply for new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, says Cook.  5:07: Finally Cook gets around to talking Apple Watch. Apple still doesn't give Apple Watch revenue, but "other products" were down.  5:09: Tim Cook talks Apple's Home app and its new smart home integrations. "We expect over 100 HomeKit products on the market this year ... all reviewed by Apple," Cook says.  5:11: Tim Cook: iPhone sales in India were up over 50% in fiscal 2016 compared to the prior year. 5:13: Now Apple CFO Luca Maestri is on the line.  5:15: Maestri points out the average selling price for the iPhone is up on a sequential basis, and expects another jump in the December quarter.  5:16: Services revenue up 20% from a year ago, and App Store growth has accelerated for five straight quarters.  5:17: Now Luca Maestri is teasing Apple's Mac launch on Thursday. He's confident that next quarter, Apple's China performance will be better.  5:19: Maestri is "seeing great examples" of iPad and Mac usage in businesses.  5:21: Here's what investors want to hear about: Maestri talking share buybacks. Apple has reduced its share count by 1.5%. 5:22: Apple made four acquisitions in September quarter, Maestri says.  5:23: Question time! First question is about the Apple Car. 5:25: "I can't speak about rumors but you know we look for ways we can improve the experience on different sets of products and we're always looking at new things and the car space in general is an area it's clear there is a lot of technologies that will become available or will be able to revolutionize the car experience so it's interesting from that point of view, but nothing to announce today," Cook said about the car.  5:28: Luca Maestri says Apple is more supply constrained on the iPhone 7 Plus than it was last year on the iPhone 6S Plus. 5:29: R&D question! "Are R&D investments less efficient than they were earlier in the company's history?" 5:30: "There's clearly some amount of R&D on products that are in the development phase that have not reached the market, that's part of it, and we feel really great about the things we've got, we've also put a lot of emphasis on our services business, and making the ecosystem even better, we're confidently investing in the future, and that's why you see R&D investment increasing," Cook said.  5:31: "We had a surge of upgrades" in 2016 "for the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus" in China. "When the upgrade rate returned to a more normal upgrade rate, akin to what we saw with the iPhone 5S, that's the main reason why you see a difference. We didn't forecast that accurately, so we put in too much channel inventory in Q1 of last year, those two issues," are why Apple's China iPhone sales have been disappointing, according to Cook.  5:33: Tim Cook: "We're giving you guidance that we're returning to growth, which obviously feels very good for us." 5:39: Does Apple see itself making content or does it seem like more of a ecosystem play? 5:40: "I would confirm that television has intense interest with me and many other people here," Tim Cook said. 5:41: Tim Cook seems more low-energy than usual, and doesn't seem to have the same joy he usually has when he gives non-answers to questions about the Apple Car or TV service.  5:43: Siri gets 2 billion requests per week, Tim Cook says.  5:45: Tim Cook says it's a false tradeoff that you have to "give up" privacy to have good artificial intelligence. Compares it to "privacy vs. security." Cook says we should have both.  5:46: "Does Apple have a grand strategy? I know you're not going to tell us, but do you have one?" 5:47: "We have the strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about the things in it but as usual we're not going to talk about what's in it," Cook gave a salty reply. "We have a strong sense of where things are going." 5:50: Tim Cook says when looking at India you are looking at then number of people entering the middle class in the next 10 years. "The smartphone has not done as well in India in general," he says, pointing to the lack of infrastructure.  5:53: "There are going to be a lot of people in the middle class who are going to want a smartphone, and I think we can compete for some of those," Cook said. He seems to be hedging a lot when talking about India.    5:58: Maestri talking about the strong dollar, and pointing out that two thirds of Apple's revenue comes from overseas. 6:00: We announce our thinking on capital return every April, Tim Cook says.  6:01: And we're done! Thanks for tuning in!  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Apple's new MacBook Pro just leaked NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple aapl apple earnings Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 Apple reported its first annual revenue decline... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple results due By Reuters Published: 16:14 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 16:14 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors, including housing and consumer products, failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, was expected to report results after the closing bell. Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker than expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.29 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Microsoft's All-in-One Surface Is About 2 Decades Late Better late than never. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 25, 2016 at 2:41PM Original iMac design vs. current iMac design. Image source: Apple. Software giant Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is hosting a product event tomorrow, and the headliner on the hardware front is expected to be a Surface all-in-one (AIO) PC. That would be a direct challenge to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iMac, which has long been one of the best-selling AIOs and a standard bearer in the industry. Here's the thing: Microsoft is 18 years late to the party. A trip down memory lane It's not an exaggeration to say that the original iMac, launched in 1998, was a game-changer for Apple. It was the first major product that the company launched following Steve Jobs' return, and it helped catapult Jony Ive into celebrity as an industrial designer. The original iMac was a hit, and the related revenue helped bring the company back from the brink of bankruptcy. For example, here's an excerpt from the 1999 annual report: During 1999, the Company experienced a 25% rise in Macintosh unit sales. This increase is primarily attributable to the success of iMac, the Company's moderately priced desktop Macintosh system designed for the education and consumer markets. The Company sold approximately 1.8 million iMac units in 1999, an increase of approximately 730,000 units or 68% over unit sales of similar products in 1998. After the iconic "Think Different" campaign, which was more about rebuilding the brand than marketing a specific product, Apple needed to deliver a smash hit -- and it did with the iMac. Microsoft is just getting started Of course, the obvious context here is that Microsoft only started meaningfully making its own hardware in 2012 with the Surface, a path that it now continues on. Microsoft now makes more hardware than it ever has before in its 40-plus-year history. As far as what the product may be like, the Surface AIO is expected to have a large 24-inch or 27-inch display (Apple's flagship iMac features a 27-inch display). Given Windows 10's heavy emphasis on touch, there may be a hinge that allows the device to fold down flat so users can use the touchscreen without the ergonomic nightmare. Microsoft patented such a design earlier this year (originally filed in 2015): Microsoft patent filing describing hinge design. Image source: USPTO. Microsoft exec Yusuf Mehdi has suggested that whatever the company unveils tomorrow will target creative professionals. https://t.co/79UxgBQXJC get ready to get creative.. — Yusuf Mehdi (@yusuf_i_mehdi) October 7, 2016 It should be obvious that a Surface AIO that folds down on a hinge would go perfectly with a stylus for creative use cases. Now that Microsoft makes first-party devices, it does make strategic sense to go after this important chunk of the market, even if there's not a whole lot of potential financial upside for the software giant. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 2:41PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Killed the Apple Car? After over a year of speculation that the world's largest tech company was poised to become an auto manufacturer, Apple has reportedly backed off. Here's why. John Rosevear (TMFMarlowe) Oct 25, 2016 at 2:18PM Rumors about an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) car have been buzzing around the tech scene for years, but they never seem to materialize beyond vague allusions. In this week's Industry Focus: Energy and Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Motley Fool contributor John Rosevear talk about what happened to Apple's Project Titan, a few of the many reasons the tech company seems hesitant to break into the auto manufacturing market, and how likely we are to see an Apple car in the foreseeable future. Also, John shares why General Motors (NYSE:GM) could be a great long-term buy for investors who want some more exposure to the auto industry. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Oct. 20, 2016. Sean O'Reilly: This Motley Fool podcast is brought to you by Tommy John. Tommy John makes underwear that keeps everything in place, whichever way a man moves. For 20% off your first purchase, go to tommyjohn.com/fool and use the promo code FOOL. That's tommyjohn.com/fool, promo code FOOL. Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast the dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, Oct. 20, 2016, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined today, first time, in studio by the Motley Fool's senior auto specialist John Rosevear. John, cannot thank you enough for being here. John Rosevear: It's so great to be down here, at the epic Fool HQ. I don't get down here enough. O'Reilly: Yeah, you were saying, a year and a half ago? You were here for a conference, Toyota asked you to come down? Rosevear: My dear colleague Rex Moore, who some of our listeners may know -- O'Reilly: We passed him in the hall. (laughs)  Rosevear: Yeah. Rex and I had, for a while, a video series called Motor Money. We were invited by Toyota, which was having a big gathering of executives in D.C., to come do Motor Money for them for an hour and talk about the future of the auto business. It was an exciting opportunity. The Toyota people were great. It was a lot of fun. O'Reilly: And with that, you are clearly the person to talk to about today's topic, which is -- Dylan Lewis over on the Tech podcast is going to be mad, we're talking about Apple, but not about iPhones or computers. We're talking about their plans to build a car, or lack thereof. Rosevear: Yeah. Here's what we know. Apple, of course, has said nothing about this officially, except a couple little hints from people like [CEO] Tim Cook. But, what we know from reports is that Apple, for a while, has had a team called Project Titan, which is pursuing the idea of building an Apple car -- or, maybe an Apple car service, it's never been completely clear. Bloomberg came out with a report on Monday confirming some other things that have come out of Silicon Valley in the last few months, saying Apple has scaled this thing way back. Initially, they planned to build their own car, which might have been a futuristic electric car, sort of to out-Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) Tesla. O'Reilly: It would look like a Mac mouse, probably. Rosevear: No idea. A lot of the Apple senior execs are car enthusiasts. Eddy Cue is on the board of Ferrari. These people are into cars. There's kind of been this project for a long time, even Steve Jobs had talked about it. Tim Cook said last year, "The auto industry is an inflection point for massive change," which was kind of a big hint that the car is going to be the next device and Apple's going to play. The hint was they were working on this revolutionary new high-tech electric car, or possibly a premium Apple-branded ride-hailing service, something fully automated. Like robot Uber, only it's fully integrated with the Apple device ecosphere, so it knows your iPhone and your iPad and your Mac and everything else, and it all works the same way. This project had over 1,000 people on it at one point. O'Reilly: Which makes one's eyebrows pop. Rosevear: Right. Even for Apple, that's a big crew, it's something serious. They're spending a good amount of money here. But something changed at the end of last year or the beginning of this year. It looks like senior management decided to scale the thing way back. Steve Zadesky was a former Ford (NYSE:F) engineer who had been with Apple for a while, leading the project, he left early this year. It was taken over by Bob Mansfield, who's a longtime Apple veteran, has held all sorts of roles in the company for many years -- O'Reilly: But, obviously, no auto industry experience. Rosevear: Right. It was sort of like, OK, the old Apple culture is bringing this back in. The team was told, "We're not going to build a car now. We're going to work on an underlying self-driving program," which is a big shift. O'Reilly: This reminds me of what Mobileye doing, they're trying to build the brain and offer it to everybody. Now, I have to ask you, from the auto experts you know, industry insiders and everything, why do they think Apple was doing this? Was it just because they have $200 billion in cash lying around and there's only so many things they could do with such a big pile of money that would move the needle? Were they threatened? Rosevear: There's been this popular idea kicking around Silicon Valley and investors and so forth for the last few years that the auto industry is ripe for disruption -- O'Reilly: There's that D-word. Rosevear: Right. That's what they love, opportunities to disrupt. As technology advances, as cars become more automated, it's really like a big device. A company like Apple is better positioned to optimize a device than Ford. That was the thinking in Silicon Valley. But, what they're running up against is a few different things. There have been a few hints about why Apple might have backed away from this. First of all, it's just the challenge of making something that's "Apple" special. They can build a great car that requires a human driver, but so does BMW, so does Mercedes. So does even Cadillac now. These are great premium vehicles that are terrific. O'Reilly: (coughs) Tesla (coughs) excuse me. (laughs)  Rosevear: Yeah, Tesla, too! But, they're not going to out-Tesla Tesla. It doesn't bring Apple's advantages, its unique specialness to this, necessarily. Now, they could make a great autonomous mobility pod that's routed by an Apple ride-hailing service. But then, Uber is already way ahead on building the infrastructure for this. Lyft is way ahead. Lyft has GM as a huge partner. Didi in China, and various others around the world. Baidu is getting in on this. The opportunity to be special isn't necessarily there. There's also a hint in the Bloomberg report that the automotive supply chain daunted them, which is interesting because we hear that Tim Cook is the supply chain master with devices, but those are places where Apple can bring its scale. They can go to a chipmaker and say, "We're going to ship a trillion iPhones next quarter, give us 18 months lead time right on your latest technology, where only we can use it, and Samsung and other competitors can't use it." They can't do that in cars. They go to an auto supplier, first of all, for some of these parts, the cost to tool up is much higher than to tool up to build Gorilla Glass or whatever. And also, Apple's not proven. We don't know how many Apple cars they're going to sell. They may go to a supplier and the supplier says, "We can't give you that kind of advantage." O'Reilly: Not only that, but they've had a 100-year history, GM and all these guys. Rosevear: Yeah. When GM comes in and says, "It's a six-year program, we're going to sell 80,000 a year..." O'Reilly: You trust them. Rosevear: You can trace that. GM's been at this a while. Toyota, likewise. Any of these companies. We don't know that the Apple car is going to sell. Especially at first. You may issue the Apple Car 1.0 and it doesn't sell all that well. And then you get a 2.0, and maybe you don't need our part anymore, maybe it needs to be different. So, there's no guarantee they'll have the sales volumes. There's no track record to look to. Then, the last thing -- this is what I always say, what I've always said all along -- making cars is really hard.  O'Reilly: (laughs) It goes without saying, but it bears repeating. Rosevear: It does. I can't tell you how many times I've typed this sentence: Profitably mass-producing cars to global standards of quality is extremely hard. O'Reilly: You've said that on multiple podcasts. Rosevear: It's kind of my mantra in the last couple years when talking about tech. It's not impossible. It's not a problem Apple couldn't solve with enough money and enough experts hired from outside. But it's not a problem that plays to Silicon Valley's strengths. It's not a problem that plays to what Apple can bring to bear. They would have to do what Tesla has done, which is throw money at it, hire auto industry veterans. Tesla has people from Audi, from Ford, from Volkswagen, and so forth, now working for them, working on their manufacturing, because that's where the expertise is. The expertise isn't in Silicon Valley. Apple is a great manufacturing company. They're great at manufacturing devices. But the scale and expense of auto manufacturing may have just proven daunting. They're watching Tesla just like everyone else. Tesla has whiz-bang software, and they have some good designs and intriguing technology. But scaling up the manufacturing has been a problem. O'Reilly: They miss deadlines all the time. Rosevear: They miss deadlines all the time. Things are up and down. The falcon-wing doors on the Model X took them months to get manufacturing that right, and there's questions as to if they still have it figured out -- O'Reilly: Those help it fly, right? Rosevear: I don't know what they help it do. (laughs) They make it look cool, they're definitely cool. Also, this is why [Alphabet's] Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) backed away from the idea of making its own car. It's just hard. And profitably is a key word here. Operating profit margin in a good year, a lean, well-run auto maker, it's like 10% -- like BMW is 10%. Net margin is going to be down even considerably lower. That's not what Apple wants. O'Reilly: 10% is a fraction of their margins on the iPhone. Rosevear: The tech answer to that is, "Well, Apple will be able to command a higher price." Well, OK, but if Apple is offering a car at $70,000, that limits the audience. They're not going to sell this to one in three people on Earth at the kind of price they'd have to charge to get the kinds of margins they and their investors are used to. O'Reilly: Wow. All right. Well, before we talk about Apple's plans for the future at this point, I wanted to give a shout-out to our friends over at Tommy John. Tommy John is a revolution in men's underwear that focuses on fit, fabric, and function. Shirts that stay tucked, socks that stay up, and underwear that keeps everything in place, whichever way a man moves. Tommy John products keep you comfortable. They're designed and developed using smart fabrics that are breathable, lightweight, non-pilling, quick-drying, or warming for cold-weather conditions. It also offers a wide selection of styles. For example, underwear comes in briefs, square cuts, trunks, boxer briefs and boxer shorts. Undershirts come in a variety of neckline options. Socks come in all sorts of color and pattern options to suit all tastes. They were actually good enough to send me a couple sample products. They are awesome. I can personally attest. As a special offer to our listeners, you can get 20% off your first order by going to tommyjohn.com/fool and using the promo code FOOL, plus get free U.S. shipping on any order over $50. That's tommyjohn.com/fool promo code FOOL. Thanks again, Tommy John, for your support of The Motley Fool. So, Mr. Rosevear, what is Apple going to do if they're not going to throw $200 billion at building a car? Rosevear: Well, it would probably only take about $15 billion. O'Reilly: Oh, well, sorry. (laughs)  Rosevear: Bloomberg reported that Apple has refocused Project Titan on the idea of developing an autonomous driving system, an Apple-branded autonomous driving system. This would allow Apple to either partner with an existing automaker, or at some point in the future, if it looks good, to go back to building their own car. So here's a problem with that. Everybody else is already attacking that problem, and they're already well along. We've talked about this on past podcasts. Ford says it will be mass-producing fully Level 5 self-driving cars, no steering wheel, for ride-hailing services by 2021. That's a little over four years out. Delphi and Mobileye, we talked about this, too, they will have a full self-driving system that will be available to any automaker in 2019 -- O'Reilly: I'm going to build my own in my garage. Just kidding. Rosevear: Yeah, good luck getting the Feds to approve it. (laughs) There is that guy, I don't recall his name, who has built one in his garage, who says, "Mobileye blah blah blah." But, it's one thing to build something in the garage that mostly sort of works. It's another thing -- O'Reilly: To mass-produce something that works. Rosevear: Right, that passes and automakers test for, "This will be perfect for 200,000 miles." And it's not just the traditional automakers. NVIDIA in this, Baidu's in this, Uber is throwing a lot of money in, they want their own system, self-driving vehicles are a key to their business model in the future -- O'Reilly: We have the Volvos in Pittsburgh. Rosevear: Yeah, the Volvos and the Fords. They're all making huge investments. Just last night, Tesla came out and said, "We're going to start shipping our cars with available hardware that will enable fully self-driving software when we have it done," which is sometime, they hope, in the next year and a half or so, if they can get it past the regulators. Why would any of them need Apple? You might see a little company -- we've talked about this before, too -- the companies that might be natural customers for the Delphi-Mobileye effort, the smaller companies that maybe don't have the $100 [billion] to $200 billion to blast into this, companies like Subaru or Fiat Chrysler, some of the Chinese automakers. O'Reilly: Let me ask you, correct me if I'm wrong, it almost seems like if Apple wanted to do this, they should have done it five years ago. Rosevear: Yeah. There's another problem in this whole thing, too, and that's the problem that Google has bumped up against -- the automakers may not want Apple. I've talked to senior executives at some of the other companies. They know what happened in the phone business. They don't want to be making "dumb cars," like dumb phones, the self-driving equivalent of Android. They don't want to be HTC or whatever. They don't want that situation. They're mindful of that. O'Reilly: You mean they don't want to break even at best? John?! Rosevear: It's hard enough to make money in the car business, give me a break! (laughs) And, they don't want to give up control of the data, too. They know, you partner with Google, Google wants the data, Google will monetize the data. You're just a box the data is being collected from. They aren't going there. There have been hints, about a year ago, Google and Ford were reported to be in close conversations. Those talks reportedly broke down. Nobody officially ever said anything. There have been some hints that Ford said, "We're not giving you the data," and Google said, "Then we can't do business." It was all very mindful of the phone example. Like I said, there might be an opportunity with some company. [Fiat Chrysler Automobiles] is the one we always point to because they have a ton of debt and they're scrambling to keep the basics going. They might be willing to compromise to come in here. But then, Apple is in a position where, what is it offering that is special? Because, they're going to be competing with the Delphi-Mobileye effort, probably others, maybe Google even trying to get in here to offer the prefab solution to some automakers. What are they going to do that's special? This is the interesting question. O'Reilly: It sounds like they're making the right decision here, unfortunately. Rosevear: Yeah. Again, it comes down to the question, there are things Apple does really better than anyone else. When it crafts a special, gotta-have project with that Apple magic, it's a lot about user interface, it's a lot about how it works seamlessly with other devices, it's a lot about how it anticipates the user's needs. How to translate that to an automobile, I think, it's a question that they may be haven't answered yet. O'Reilly: Yeah. I cannot thank you enough for your thoughts on this Apple thing. What was it, hinted at a year ago by Bloomberg, I remember getting a push notification on Project Titan, and I -- Rosevear: It was a Wall Street Journal report about a year-and-a-half ago. We all speculated over, "What is this?" O'Reilly: Yeah. I can't thank you enough for your thoughts. Before we head out, I always like to have a little bit of an investor takeaway. What's an auto stock that you like these days? Since it's obviously not Apple. (laughs)  Rosevear: I am an Apple shareholder. I love Apple. O'Reilly: Full disclosure. Rosevear: This is my Mac, this is my iPad -- O'Reilly: Oh, here we go. Rosevear: I actually got a gift for my 14th birthday many years ago, I got to share of Apple that's now over 100 shares because of all the splits that have happened in the '80s and the '90s. O'Reilly: And you never sold? Rosevear: I never sold, so I can still say, unless your last name is Wozniak, I've probably owned Apple stock longer than you have. Anyway, that said, I wouldn't buy Apple for a car stock right now. This market's slowing down. With that happening, it's a cyclical market, you have profits may be squeezed for a little while, but looking at a little longer term, I really like where General Motors is going. I like where [CEO] Mary Barra is going. I like that they are on top of this potentially disruptive technology. Their 200-mile electric car goes into production in a few weeks, it will be shipping before the end of the year. They're well ahead on the self-driving effort they're developing internally. They've bought Cruise Automation, which was a San Francisco start-up. They have this great thing where they let Cruise be Cruise, but they've given Cruise access to GM's resources and GM's deep opportunities. So, that's progressing really quickly, and the Bolt will be the platform for their self-driving stuff. And meanwhile -- O'Reilly: They're making money. Rosevear: Yeah, they're making a lot of money right now. They're making money in China, they're doing well in Europe, and in the U.S., not only are they selling a lot of trucks and SUVs with $2 gas -- big profit margins -- but also, Barra has set rolling a number of initiatives to make sure that the margins stay fat as time goes on, as it perhaps becomes somewhat less profitable to sell trucks as you have to incorporate more technology to meet tightening regulations. Like, for instance, one of the things that we talk about a lot is they're ramping up Cadillac. Luxury brands are very profitable. Cadillac was a joke for years, tufted velour seats built for elderly Americans -- no offense to elderly Americans. Those were nice cars, if that's what you wanted. But now, Cadillacs are moving upscale. They're much better built. And there's this long-term effort to elevate the brand, as well. It's already starting to show success. That's just one example. There's other things going on where they're cutting costs, they're making better use of their global scale. On top of that, GM is cheap, which means the dividend that they're paying is a 4.5% yield, give or take. You reinvest that through the ups and downs in the next few years, and as we get price appreciation as Barra's plans really start to show up on the bottom line in 2020 or 2022, somewhere around there, and you might be really happy. O'Reilly: Cool. All right, John, thank you again for coming to Fool headquarters, and thank you again for your thoughts. Rosevear: Thanks for having me. O'Reilly: You bet. That's it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you. Just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. Once again, that's industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on this program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you on this program. For John Rosevear, I am Sean O'Reilly, thanks for listening and Fool on! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Rosevear owns shares of Apple, Ford, and General Motors. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Apple, Ford, NVIDIA, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Rosevear (TMFMarlowe) John Rosevear is the senior auto specialist for Fool.com. John has been writing about the auto business and investing for over 20 years, and for The Motley Fool since 2007. Follow @jrosevear Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 2:18PM Industrials Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Ford NYSE:F $12.06 down $0.22 (-1.79%) General Motors NYSE:GM $33.28 down $0.74 (-2.18%) Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $181.45 down $-7.11 (-3.77%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Silicon Valley vs. Detroit: Who Will Conquer the Driverless Car Revolution? What's Happening With Apple's Car? Your Smartphone Battery Is About to Last at Least Twice as Long Apple, Inc. Likely to Unveil New Beats Products Alongside iPhone 7 Tesla Reportedly Makes Another Game-Changing Manufacturing Hire Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem macOS 10.12.1 spills the beans on the new MacBook Pro Oops: TouchID, the "magic toolbar," and thinner footprint all clearly visible. by Andrew Cunningham - Oct 25, 2016 8:02 pm UTC Login to bookmark 252 Apple This probably wasn't supposed to be revealed so soon. Apple This probably wasn't supposed to be revealed so soon. Apple A close-up of the TouchID button. Who needs rumor sites and analyst reports when Apple leaks its own hardware ahead of time in its own software? An eagle-eyed MacRumors reader went digging into the macOS 10.12.1 update that was released yesterday and found an official Apple Pay-related image that outs the new MacBook Pro and a whole bunch of its banner features. The image, seen above, appears to show off the 13-inch MacBook Pro that Apple is expected to reveal at its hardware event on Thursday. The screen bezel is noticeably thinner than in the current design, and there's less metal surrounding the keyboard, which is in keeping with reports that the hardware would have a smaller, slimmer profile than the current model. The row of function keys (including the Escape key and the power button) has also been replaced with a long narrow black strip, which rumors have said is an OLED display panel that can display different information depending on the app you're using. The right-most section of the strip includes an embedded Touch ID fingerprint sensor, which can be used for Apple Pay and presumably to unlock your Mac. Trademark filings suggest that this OLED strip will be called the "Magic Toolbar," and analyst notes have suggested that it may be powered by some sort of ARM-based coprocessor separate from the Mac's main CPU and GPU. This would make some sense if Apple wanted to bring over the Secure Enclave and encryption features from iOS without having to redesign them for the Mac. There's still a lot we don't know about the new MacBook Pro, including its port selection, its thickness and weight, its keyboard travel, and what's inside it, but these images go a long way toward confirming the reports we've been reading all year. We'll be at Apple's event on Thursday to bring you the rest of the information as we get it. Listing image by Apple Expand full story Reader comments 252 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
