PREGNANCY BABY TODDLER BIG KID TEEN EDUCATION SPED KIDS WELLNESS FAMILY LIFE CELEBRITY MOMS Daddy iPhone 7 News Update: Dual-Camera System, Pressure-Sensitive Home Button and Waterproof Features Now Leaked By Abbie Kraft, Parent Herald August 15, 01:14 pm TAG iphone, iPhone 7 iPhone 7 will soon make its way into the markets and consumers are eager to know what Apple has in store for them. Several speculations emerged wherein it was stated that the iPhone 7 is designed to be waterproof with dual camera and a pressure sensitive home button. Advertisement Apple is set to release iPhone 7 next month, and Bloomberg revealed that it designed with a pressure sensitive home button and a dual camera. Another major changed that is set for the new iPhone 7 is said to be the removal of the 3.5 mm headphone jack which is said to bother consumers. iPhone 7 specs speculations first emerged this June wherein it was mentioned that the new button for the upcoming iPhone will not easily click down once pressed. The new home button will, however, have a haptic feedback, which will provide a haptic feedback giving the sensation of a real click for the consumers. iPhone 7's dual camera is said to be one of the phone's most awaited feature. The camera for iPhone 7 is said to produce a better color production on a single image. A source from Bloomberg who was able to use the prototype mentioned that the image's brightness and low lighting conditions is definitely something iPhone fans could look forward to. The camera will also feature better zoom due to its dual camera sensors. The Verge then added that the smaller version of the iPhone 7 which is only 4.7 inches won't come with the dual camera feature, the unit will have a more advanced feature compared to the latter models. Fans are looking forward to Apple's latest iPhone release, but there are those who expressed their dismay over the headphone jack. It was mentioned that iPhone 7 would no longer have the standard analog jack as Apple is planning to use Bluetooth speakers instead. The removal of the analog jack will pave the way for the phone's second speaker. © 2016 ParentHerald.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple iOS 10 News & Updates: iOS 10 Will Allow Users To Delete Unused Apps Tech News Update: Will Nokia Release Their Line of Smartphones? Microsoft Xbox Exec Apologizes For Hiring Erotic Schoolgirl Dancers For GDC Party UFO Sightings: NASA Covered Up An ‘Alien Sighting’; ISS Live Stream Cut Off After UFO Appears 'Making A Murderer' Season 2 Updates: Steven Avery-Brendan Dassey Conviction Comprehensive Timeline - Where The Documentary Is So Far 'Wonder Woman' Latest News: Gal Gadot Talks 'Tight' Costume And Meeting Lynda Carter For The First Time Sign up for our Newsletter Most Popular Baby Boy Born With Parasitic Twin Brother Born With No Legs And Genitals Just Clinging In His Chest Pregnancy After 35 Years Associated With Better Cognitive Function In Later Life, New Study Confirms Childhood Obesity: How To Promote Physical Wellnes Among Kids Difficulties Faced By Barron Trump During Campaign Raise Some Questions On His Possible Autism Daycare Owner Hangs Toddler: Nataliia Karia Flees Scene, Gets Arrested As 16-Month-Old Baby Survives Alcohol Advertising Effects: When Alcohol Advertisments Take Over The Minds Of The Youth Romanian Teen Cries ‘Mama! Mama!’ Raped, Stabbed, But Survived And Had Google Translate To Explain What Happened Why Giving Your Baby Water Can Be Hazardous And Even Fatal At Times Opinion National Prematurity Awareness Month: Reflecting on the Importance of Healthy Pregnancies 5 Excellent Ways To Teach Your Baby To Self-Soothe Nutrition’s Emerging Role in Concussion Treatment Five A-Plus Gifts Parents Can Give To Their Children Our Picks Carrying A Baby Induces A Mysterious Drug-Like Addiction & It's Good For The Health Hollywood Baby News: Pink Announces She Is Expecting Her Second Baby With Former Racer Carey Hart How To Cure The 4 Most Common Pregnancy Discomforts With FOOD! Playing Sport Vs. School Performance: How Sports Can Have A Beneficial Effect On Academics Good News: Children Health Insurance Has Escalated In The U.S Top 5 Sacrifices Parents Do For Their Newborn Babies NEWS PREGNANCY BABY TODDLER BIG KID TEEN EDUCATIONSPED KIDSWELLNESSFAMILY LIFE ABOUT US CONTACT US TERMS OF SERVICE PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 PARENT HERALD All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Toggle navigation Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video Toggle navigation Home About us Contact Us Authors US Edition November 23, 2016 Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video TECHNOLOGY Here is the Reason Why Apple Inc. is Introducing a Lightening Port on the iPhone 7 Apple is highly expected to replace the 3.5mm jack on the iPhone 7 with a lightening port Published By: Ken Bock on August 14, 2016 01:11 pm EST Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon AAPL Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is less than a month away from releasing its iPhone 7 which has led to numerous rumors regarding the upcoming smartphone device. One of the most talked about rumored feature on the upcoming iPhone 7 is the introduction of a lightening connector which will replace the standard 3.5mm headphone jack found on every previous iPhone model ever released. This rumored change has divided opinion but majority of the users cannot grasp the idea of Apple replacing the standard 3.5mm headphone jack with a lightening connector, especially considering the fact that majority of headphones come with a standard 3.5mm headphone jack. However, there just might be a method to Apple’s madness of incorporating a lightening port in its next generation iPhone model. There is no denying the fact that Apple is going to face a lot of backlash from users if the tech giant does indeed introduce a lightening port in place of the standard 3.5mm headphone jack on its upcoming iPhone 7. However, there is one popular theory that Apple actually would prefer a backlash now, so that users get accustomed to the lightening connectors in time for the launch of the iPhone 8. As we have already reported that Apple will bring huge changes to its 2017 iPhone model in order to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone model. If Apple diverts the hate and abuse, caused by the introduction of lightening connectors, towards the iPhone 7 then users will be accustomed and better prepared for the change on the iPhone 8. So, Apple might be protecting and prioritizing the sales of its iPhone 8 over the iPhone 7 which is not expected to bring revolutionary changes for users anyways. Also, the age of the 3.5mm headphone jacks could soon officially come to an end as the sound produced on headphones through lightening connectors is superior to the one on a standard 3.5mm headphone port. Whether we like it or not, Apple is all set to replace the standard 3.5mm headphone jack with lightening connector on its upcoming iPhone 7 model. Surely, Apple will aim to justify the big shift in how it intends its users to use their headphones. September is only a few weeks away, so watch the space! Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. trending Outlast 2 Developer Red Barrel Launched Companion Diaper on ... Gaming 16 minutes ago Microsoft Corporation Xbox One VR Streaming Comes To Oculus ... TECHNOLOGY 20 minutes ago Boeing Co (BA) Tackles Demand Of Super Hornet From Canada Industrials 33 minutes ago About Us TheCountryCaller aims to be the epitome of all news providing outlets combining the dynamic Finance sector, with the latest in all of Technology and Entertainment. Catering to a diverse audience, our visionary authors and analysts keep a watchful eye over the constantly evolving markets and keep our users up to date with the breaking, Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2016 The Country Caller ×
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Wearables > Are flag-themed Apple Watch bands a dig at… Are flag-themed Apple Watch bands a dig at Samsung's Olympics sponsorship By Kyle Wiggers — August 15, 2016 1:38 PM Subscribe to this topic Casetify Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio is one for the history books, no doubt. Controversy, namely in the form of pool algae and allegations of performance-enhancing drug usage, have cast a shadow over the festivities, sure, but this year’s games have elevated by historic achievements like Katie Ledecky’s record-breaking 800-meter freestyle, gymnast Simone Biles’ all-around gold medal win, and Fiji’s first gold medal win. Purveyors of goods from book bags to plushies have attempted to ride the coattails of good vibes, unsurprisingly, and now even Apple is jumping aboard. Last week, the Cupertino, California-based company announced a limited run of country flag Apple Watch bands timed to coincide with the Olympics. Apple debuted a series of 14 $100 watch bands last week — including bands for the United States, Canada, and Brazil — at its brick-and-mortar outlet at the VillageMall shopping center in Barra de Tijuca, about six miles from the Olympic village. They were an overnight hit, apparently — the shop was “close to selling out” last week, according to Reuters, and several eBay auctions for the bands have already climbed into the hundreds of dollars. Related: North Korea has confiscated the Galaxy Note S7 devices given to its Olympic athletes Olympians have been given front-of-the-line privileges. German’s team manager told iPhone Ticker that the Rio Apple Store is giving away two free bands to any customers “who can show proof of Olympic participation,” and several have already taken advantage. U.S. sprinter Trayvon Bromell and defending decathlon champion Ashton Eaton tweeted photos of themselves wearing the bands on Twitter. Apple’s promotion appears to a clever subversion of Olympic Games sponsor Samsung. The Seoul, South Korea-based electronics giant, which became a global sponsor of the Games in 1998, has historically gone to great lengths to snuff out competitors. This year, for example, it requested Olympic participants cover Apple logos on iPhones during opening ceremonies, and in July, it debuted a limited-edition variant of the Galaxy S7 edge, the “Olympics Games edition,” as the “official phone” of the Rio Games. Olympic sponsors like Samsung can pay as much as $100 million over four years to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for exclusive Olympic marketing rights, according to Reuters. The reason? Incomparable exposure. More than 32.7 million tuned in to watch U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps compete for Olympic gold, for instance — viewership unheard of for a single event, short of the Super Bowl. Related: There is an underwater photography drone patrolling the pool at the Olympics While Apple’s stunt comes close to encroaching on Samsung’s paid turf, it doesn’t quite. As long as Apple refrains from displaying the bands “alongside the Olympics logo … oy any other obvious Games symbol,” it’s in the clear. “As long as they do not use the Olympic logo, the Rio 2016 logo or our look, there is no infringement,” Sylmara Multini, director of licensing and retail for the Rio 2016 organizing committee, told Reuters. Other watchband makers might not be, though. In the middle of August, Casetify launched a new series of $50 nylon watch bands in 16 different Olympics-inspired color combinations  — “The World Flags” collection includes the flag colors of the U.S., U.K., Netherlands, Sweden, Norway, Scotland, Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Russia, and Brazil. Unlike Apple’s limited-edition bands, the company’s promotional material make conspicuous mention of the Olympic Games in Rio. As of yet, the IOC has yet to issue a response.
News Games Reviews How To Culture HOMEPAGE News Smartphone Tablet/Laptop/PC Apps Accessories Security Business Games Mobile Games PC Games Xbox Nintendo PS4 Reviews Gadget Review Apps Review Games Review How to Culture TV Shows Movies Advertisement TAG iPhone 8, iPhone 7, Release date rumors, Specs and features, Apple, smarthphone iPhone 8 Specs, Release Date Rumors Round-Up: What We Know So Far 15 August 2016, 6:50 am EDT By Dheeraj R Mobile & Apps Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during a Special Event at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium September 9, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. unveiled latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the 6S and 6S Plus and announced an update to its Apple TV set-top box. (Photo by Stephen Lam/ Getty Images)   ( Stephen Lam/ Getty Images) ) Apple is about to celebrate the iPhone's tenth anniversary next year. With this, the company is expected to incorporate many new specs and features like all-glass chassis and touch sensitive panel in the upcoming iPhone 8. Advertisement According to reports, the Galaxy Note 7 consists of more great specs compared to the current iPhones, like its 4 GB RAM, Iris scanners, and much more. This is stated to be the reason behind Apple's plans to provide a major specs overhaul to the iPhone 8. News.com.au reported that Apple will be redesigning the iPhone series in order to increase their market share as compared to the Samsung Galaxy devices. As far as the specs are concerned, Apple is expected to bring in a huge design change with all-glass chassis with an OLED display screen. Reports claimed that the new iPhone 8 will sport a curved display with higher pixel resolution and more lively colors. However, no exact specifications details are out yet. Moreover, there are rumors that the new iPhone 8 will also consist of the Iris recognition technology along with the facial scanners for added security measure. Also, the Apple device will be powered by the latest A10 chipsets along with the upcoming iOS 10 operating system. It is also rumored that the handsets will consist of the provision of wireless charging. Advertisement Furthermore, there are reports that the new device from Apple will sport few features similar to that of the iPhone 7 like the touch-sensitive panel and a lightening Smart Connector port. Meanwhile, according to the Canalys analyst Rushabh Doshi, the new iPhone 8 will also feature of many hardware changes in addition to the new software specs. "We expect Apple to focus strongly on service innovation," said Doshi, as reported by BGR. "Artificial Intelligence would take center stage in the coming years as the smart phone becomes a true assistant to the users. The recent acquisition of Turi continues to underline the importance of AI for Apple." Stay posted here for more updates on the upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 specs and release date. © 2015 - 2016Mobile & Apps, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPad Pro 2 Release Date Set In Early 2017? Apple To Have Huge Plans On Anniversary Year Is The MacBook Air 2016 Dead Along With Other Air Line-Up? Laptop No Longer Fit For Apple's Vision? Android Nougat Update On LG G5, G4 & V10 To Be Released By 2017? iOS 10 Jailbreak Rumors: Jailbreak Tool Soon To Be Released For Real? ExtraTorrent And Other Torrent Sites Rumors Of Going Down May Soon Stop; Google To Restrict Ads On Fake News Sites Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Join Our Conversation Sign up for our Newsletter Advertisement Most Popular 1 gadgets-review Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Asus Zenfone 3 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Review: Which Is Your 2016 Phone? 2 gadgets-review Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Note 7 Review: Will the Galaxy Note Series Be Abandoned Altogether? 3 xbox Xbox One Backwards Compatibility Update: 'Call Of Duty: Black Ops II' Still Tops Most Requested List; Two New Games Added Advertisement 4 gadgets-review Samsung Gear S3 Review: New Wearable Works With Any Android Running Kitkat or Above 5 Black Friday 2016 iPhone 7, iPad, Apple Watch, MacBook Pro Deals: Target Might Just Have The Best Offers 6 gadgets-review Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs Oppo F1 Plus Review: Phones Bringing Great Cameras And Batteries To The Mid-Range Market Advertisement 7 gadgets-review Motorola Moto M vs LG V20 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review: Which Is The Best Budget Smartphone? 8 wearables Apple Watch 3 2017 Release Date Set With iPhone 8? New Wearable To Feature New OS, 3D Touch Functionality And Micro-LED Panels? 9 'Final Fantasy 7' Remake: Everything We Know So Far; Release Date, Gameplay, And More Advertisement 10 smartphones Android Nougat 7.0 Update Release For Huawei Mate 9; Everything You Need To Know Advertisement Cultures More Cultures Did Park Bo Gum Just Reveal His Romantic Relationship With 'Moonlight Drawn By Clouds' Co-Star Kim Yoo Jung? Details Here ‘Friends’ Reunion In ‘Man With A Plan’ Likely To Happen In One Episode? Series’ TV Ratings Still 'OK' 'The Legend Of The Blue Sea' Expected To Surpass 'Descendants of the Sun'? Lee Min Ho, Jun Ji Hyun's Drama's First Episode Beats Song Joong Ki, Song Hye Kyo's Records ‘Pitch Perfect 3’ Release Date Delayed Again Because Of Anna Kendrick's Busy Schedule? Barden Bellas Open To Lesbian Sex Scene? NBA Trade Rumors: Chicago Bulls To Send Jimmy Butler To Minnesota Timberwolves For Andrew Wiggins? Kate Middleton's Pregnancy Rumors Cause Rift With Prince William? Royal Couple To Announce Divorce On 2017? Is Nurse Hoffel Helping Out The Green Meanie In ‘Scream Queens’ Season 2? New Episode To Have Big Revelations? George R.R. Martin To Release 'Winds Of Winter' Before 'Game Of Thrones' Season 7? Prequel To HBO Series Currently In Talks News Games Reviews How TO Culture Videos About Us | Contact Us | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2016 Mobile&Apps Inc. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Apple (AAPL) Stock Higher in After-Hours, Berkshire Hathaway Boosts Stake Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) disclosed on Monday that it increased its stake in Apple (AAPL) by 55%. Rachel Aldrich Aug 15, 2016 5:18 PM EDT NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Apple (AAPL) were up in after-hours trading on Monday as Berkshire Hathaway (BKR.A) upped its stake in the company by 55%, CNBC reports.  Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway held 15.2 million shares of Apple as of June 30, according to a regulatory filing. Three months earlier, the Omaha-based company held 9.8 million shares. The company's Apple stake was valued at $1.46 billion as of June 30, Bloomberg noted. Berkshire also reduced its Walmart (WMT) stake to 40.2 million shares from 55.2 million. (Apple is held in Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS. See all of his holdings with a free trial.)  Separately, TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this articles's author. TheStreet Ratings rated this stock as a "buy" with a ratings score of B. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its largely solid financial position with reasonable debt levels by most measures, expanding profit margins and notable return on equity. We feel its strengths outweigh the fact that the company has had lackluster performance in the stock itself. You can view the full analysis from the report here: AAPL If you liked this article you might like Sling TV's Addition to Comcast's X1 Platform Reflects Pay-TV's New Dynamics Dish Network's Sling TV is eager to pass the 1 million subscriber mark, securing a deal with the cable giant to upsell the skinny bundle through its X1 set-top box. Leon Lazaroff Nov 23, 2016 12:56 PM EST Here's How Apple, Hardware Suppliers Could be Hurt by Trump's Trade Crackdown Tariffs at home would hit sales of iPhones and myriad other electronic products Chris Nolter Nov 23, 2016 11:38 AM EST Infineon Says it is in the Driving Seat for Electric Vehicles The German chipmaker predicts sales growth to the automotive sector will outstrip group expansion. Mariko Iwasaki Nov 23, 2016 8:59 AM EST European Markets Mixed After Wall Street Record; U.K. Budget Statement Awaits European stocks are trading cautiously at the open ahead of a key budget statement from U.K. Finance Minister Philip Hammond. Martin Baccardax Nov 23, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Warren Buffett ups investment in Liberty,… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos huddle with needy Nuggets stun Bulls C-470 expansion project DIA 8th in delays Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver Weather Business Warren Buffett ups investment in Liberty, Apple, Phillips 66 Berkshire Hathaway sheds some of Suncor Energy stake Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press August 15, 2016 at 7:23 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Denver Sheriff Department penalized for wrongful hiring practices Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver for Atlanta U.S. court blocks overtime expansion pay rule for 4 million people Judge hears arguments in Highlands Ranch neighbors’ effort to halt C-470 expansion Three leaders in the Bandidos motorcycle club headed to prison Broncos’ high-stakes meeting with Chiefs carries only one guarantee: drama Warren Buffett’s company is taking an even bigger bite of Apple stock and adding to its already sizeable stake in Phillips 66. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed an update with regulators Monday on its roughly $130 billion U.S. stock portfolio. Berkshire said it held 15.2 million Apple Inc. shares at the end of June, up from the 9.8 million share stake it first disclosed in the spring. The Apple investment raises eyebrows because Buffett has always been reluctant to invest in technology companies. It may have been the work of one of Berkshire’s two other investment managers. The quarterly filings don’t disclose who is managing Berkshire’s Apple investments, and Berkshire officials don’t generally comment on the filings. Buffett tends to handle the larger investments in Berkshire’s portfolio, such as IBM, Wells Fargo and Coca-Cola. He has said that investments of less than $1 billion are likely to be the work of Ted Weschler or Todd Combs, who each handle about $9 billion for Berkshire. At the end of June, Berkshire held 78.8 million Phillips 66 shares, which represents about 15 percent of the oil refiner’s stock. That’s up from 75.6 million shares three months earlier. Buffett’s company cut its Walmart Stores Inc. stake to 40.2 million shares in June from 55.2 million in the spring. During the second quarter, Berkshire also made several other changes in its portfolio, including: — Increasing its stake in Douglas County-based Liberty Media Corp. to 37.5 million shares from 30 million. — Reducing its Suncor Energy Inc. holdings to 22.3 million shares from 30 million shares. — Increasing its stake in Liberty Global PLC, which has its U.S. headquarters in Denver, to 30.7 million shares from 23.8 million. Besides investments, Berkshire owns more than 90 companies in a variety of industries, including insurance, utilities, BNSF railroad, furniture and jewelry. Tags:  Berkshire Hathaway Liberty Global Liberty Media More Business News Suncor Energy Warren Buffett Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Six things to watch for on Black Friday November 23, 2016, 9:21 am The frenzy is about to begin. Thanksgiving marks the starting line for America’s annual holiday shopping hysteria. Lufthansa pilot strike forces 1,800 flight cancellations November 23, 2016, 9:05 am German airline Lufthansa canceled nearly 900 flights on Wednesday and scrapped another 912 scheduled for Thursday after pilots launched a two-day strike in a pay dispute. Mondays are Black Friday for shippers as holiday shopping looms November 23, 2016, 9:03 am FedEx Corp. and United Parcel Service Inc. expect to set another record for packages handled this holiday season, fueled by an estimated 17 percent jump in online spending. Mondays will bear more of the crunch than ever before. U.S. court blocks overtime expansion pay rule for 4 million people November 23, 2016, 10:06 am A federal court on Tuesday blocked implementation of a rule imposed by President Barack Obama’s administration that would have made an estimated 4 million more higher-earning workers across the country eligible for overtime pay starting Dec. 1. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 45 mins S&P 500 2,202.36 -0.58 (-0.03%) Dow 30 19,067.82 43.95 (0.23%) As Warren Buffett's Berkshire Buys More Apple Stock, Should You Buy AAPL? Zack'sAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B raised its stake in Apple AAPL by 55% to 15.23 million shares as of June 30.  About 3 months ago, the firm held close to 9.8 million AAPL shares which were purchased at an average price of about $109 per share.  Warren Buffett, founder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is commonly regarded as one of the greatest (if not the greatest) investors of all time.  It should be noted, however, that it wasn’t Buffett’s decision to initiate the first purchase of Apple shares 3 months ago. Warren Buffett favors a value-oriented mentality when it comes to investing, so it should not come as a large surprise that his firm picked up more shares last quarter.  After all, Apple’s share price trended down since Berkshire’s last purchase, and value investors love buying beaten-up shares in companies they own.  They do this because of their strong belief in the long term potential of their investments.  Berkshire Hathaway seems confident enough to double down on Apple, so should you follow suit and pick up some AAPL shares?    Long Run For long term investing, it is hard to argue a case against Apple.  There are weaknesses, like the strong reliance on its iPhone to drive revenue numbers and growing competition on the smartphone front as Samsung (SSNLF) keeps finding ways to test the limits of modern technology.  It should be noted, however, that Apple commands a strong user base with unparalleled brand loyalty.  Many iPhone users don’t just buy the phone for its hardware specs, but because it is simply the iPhone.  Fans of the brand refuse to use a platform that isn’t running on IOS.  This is a key aspect of the Apple brand which no other Android product has, and it will be a major key with regards to retaining its loyal user base. Also, Apple’s services have done well in showing growth potential, and in the company’s recent Q3 earnings report, Services grew by 19% year-over-year and App Store sales came in at the highest they’ve ever been.  Services include sales from Internet Services, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services, and they accounted for 14% of Apple’s revenues in the third quarter. In addition to its core base, Apple is seeking to keep innovating by investing money in several ventures such as an Uber competitor, virtual reality, autonomous driving, mobile payments, music, and more.  Although the company has hit a growth slump, it should be able to make up for that by diversifying revenues and investing in new technologies. Bottom Line Apple is trading for close to $110 right now, and it does look pretty cheap on the valuation front.  The stock trades at a forward PE of 13.08, and it has a pretty tame PEG of 1.51.  The company is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), so you may want to wait for the earnings outlook to pick up in the short term before buying shares. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report BERKSHIRE HTH-B (BRK.B): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down BGR News Warren Buffett sees $11 billion boom on Donald Trump win CNBC.com Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Business Insider Microsoft might get to take its last shot at the iPhone after all Business Insider Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out TechCrunch American consumers seem pretty excited about Donald Trump Yahoo Finance Deere hits all time high, Eli Lilly sinks to 2-year low, Urban Outfitters falls on miss Yahoo Finance How to buy a new HDTV without getting ripped off Yahoo Finance 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Camporeale: State of U.S. GDP Looks Pretty Good Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Dr Pepper just paid $1.7 billion for a little-known brand that's a threat to Coke and Pepsi Business Insider JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider Dr Pepper Snapple, Pepsi buy drinks makers in bid to diversify Reuters Trump Picks Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador Bloomberg Video Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Janet: He should have condemned them long before now. I'm somewhat relieved that he finally did it. He still has a long, long way to go before I'll call him my president. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 772 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance NFL legend Jim Kelly's story of triumph and tragedy Yahoo Finance Turkey fryers have caused $5.2 million in damage since 2004 Yahoo Finance A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Johnson & Johnson stock goes into full breakdown The Street Deere hits another all-time high CNBC Videos All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Microsoft is finally bringing Solitaire to the iPhone Business Insider How to win at Black Friday shopping on Amazon Yahoo Finance There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider Almost 80% of Americans Make This Major Tax Mistake -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance The New Rules of Retirement Planning Consumer Reports This viral email from General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis about being 'too busy to read' is a must-read Business Insider How Much Notice Should You Give When Quitting a Job? Credit.com Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search As Warren Buffett's Berkshire Buys More Apple Stock, Should You Buy AAPL? August 15, 2016, 06:55:00 PM EDT By Zacks Premium Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B raised its stake in Apple AAPL by 55% to 15.23 million shares as of June 30.  About 3 months ago, the firm held close to 9.8 million AAPL shares which were purchased at an average price of about $109 per share.  Warren Buffett, founder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is commonly regarded as one of the greatest (if not the greatest) investors of all time.  It should be noted, however, that it wasn't Buffett's decision to initiate the first purchase of Apple shares 3 months ago. Warren Buffett favors a value-oriented mentality when it comes to investing, so it should not come as a large surprise that his firm picked up more shares last quarter.  After all, Apple's share price trended down since Berkshire's last purchase, and value investors love buying beaten-up shares in companies they own.  They do this because of their strong belief in the long term potential of their investments.  Berkshire Hathaway seems confident enough to double down on Apple, so should you follow suit and pick up some AAPL shares?    Long Run For long term investing, it is hard to argue a case against Apple.  There are weaknesses, like the strong reliance on its iPhone to drive revenue numbers and growing competition on the smartphone front as Samsung (SSNLF) keeps finding ways to test the limits of modern technology .  It should be noted, however, that Apple commands a strong user base with unparalleled brand loyalty.  Many iPhone users don't just buy the phone for its hardware specs, but because it is simply the iPhone.  Fans of the brand refuse to use a platform that isn't running on IOS.  This is a key aspect of the Apple brand which no other Android product has, and it will be a major key with regards to retaining its loyal user base. Also, Apple's services have done well in showing growth potential, and in the company's recent Q3 earnings report, Services grew by 19% year-over-year and App Store sales came in at the highest they've ever been.  Services include sales from Internet Services, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services, and they accounted for 14% of Apple's revenues in the third quarter. In addition to its core base, Apple is seeking to keep innovating by investing money in several ventures such as an  Uber competitor ,  virtual reality ,  autonomous driving ,  mobile payments ,  music , and more.  Although the company has hit a growth slump, it should be able to make up for that by diversifying revenues and investing in new technologies. Bottom Line Apple is trading for close to $110 right now, and it does look pretty cheap on the valuation front.  The stock trades at a forward PE of 13.08, and it has a pretty tame PEG of 1.51.  The company is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), so you may want to wait for the earnings outlook to pick up in the short term before buying shares. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report BERKSHIRE HTH-B (BRK.B): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AAPL , BRK.B More from Zacks.com Subscribe Apple Inc.'s Mysterious OLED iPhone Revealed 3 Inexpensive Top Stocks You've Overlooked This Fall 1 More Way Apple Inc. Should Differentiate the OLED iPhone in 2018 Related Stocks Articles Subscribe 1 Way Qualcomm Inc. Is Leaving Intel Corporation in the Dust 11/23/2016 01:00 PM Why PDL BioPharma Inc. Is Down 14.8% Today 11/23/2016 12:57 PM Midday Update: Dow Anchored to Record High; Healthcare, Tech Weakness Weighs on S&P and Nasdaq 11/23/2016 12:52 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated VW to Take Ax To German Jobs -- WSJ Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Q3 Profit Falls 96% Qualcomm Commences Tender Offer For NXP Semiconductors Former Executives Accused In Fraud Against Valeant -- WSJ Russia Blocks LinkedIn -- WSJ 10 Investing Rules You Should Know by Heart Anavex Life Sciences Announces Data on 41-Week Treatment of ANAVEX... How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting A Closer Look At Top Interest Rate Hedged ETFs View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced AAPL 86% Rate It BRK.B 100% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.

null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Donald Trump picks Betsy DeVos to be education secretary: NBC News × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market You'd have to be 'deaf, dumb and blind' to buy Apple, investor says Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 5:58 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Time to buy Apple?    Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 4:19 PM ET | 06:09 Apple shares are up more than 10 percent in the last month, but contrarian investor Bert Dohmen said he wouldn't touch the stock with a 10-foot pole. Since Apple's revenue top in late 2014, every quarter has been worse than the one before, he told CNBC's "Closing Bell" on Monday. "The deterioration is accelerating," the president and founder of Dohmen Capital Research said. "You've got to be deaf, dumb and blind to buy this." Apple has had a mediocre year but has rebounded after its last earnings report, and is now outperforming the S&P 500. Andrew Burton | Getty Images Apple logo at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference On Monday, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway revealed it upped its stake in Apple by 55 percent. It now owns a little more than 15 million shares of the tech giant. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster is bullish on Apple's prospects and believes in the near-term its iPhone cycle will boost shares. He has a $151 price target on the stock. He's predicting revenue will be up 10 percent in 2017 as a "flood" of people upgrade their iPhones. "They've had a difficult period. I think it has nothing to do with their core strength of coming out with great devices, and I think they're going to continue on that path for the next five years," Munster told "Closing Bell." While investors are focusing on the iPhone and the potential for a super cycle next year, he thinks Berkshire Hathaway is looking even further out at the possibilities in augmented reality and automotive. "That gives some optimism for investors that this isn't just a one-year trade, that there's some ground work where they could get into some big growth markets in the future," he said. However, Dohmen thinks all Apple has been doing is investing its own money and borrowed money into paying dividends and buying back its stock. "This is not innovation. It's financial engineering," he said. — CNBC's Kate Kelly and Paayal Zaveri contributed to this report. Disclosure: Piper Jaffray makes a market in the securities of AAPL Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events NEw: Future of Retail 2017 Report Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit Apple Releases Olympic-Themed Watches Exclusively In Brazil Arts & Culture Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members The colorful bands were developed for fans to show support for their country at the games Craig Davis 15 august 2016 For those fully immersed in Olympic spirit, Apple has a new offering that should allow that passion and energy to flourish well after the conclusion of the Rio Games: a limited batch of Apple Watch bands dressed in the colors of 14 competing nations. The catch? These special-edition straps are only available at the Apple Store in Barra da Tijuca, a neighborhood in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro. That means only those who travel to Brazil will be able to purchase the nylon bands celebrating different countries including the United States, Great Britain, Jamaica and Japan. For fans lucky enough to land the $49 accessory, it will be tough to decide whether to rock the bands in a display of patriotic pride, or sell them on the secondary market for a potential hefty profit. Those not able to make their way to Barra da Tijuca can settle for Casetify’s Olympics Capsule Collection, featuring 18 Olympic-themed Apple Watch straps available for online ordering. Apple Watch  PSFK is your source for innovation news from the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, from VR programming and machine-designed shoes to crowdsourced health apps and surveillance balloons. Check back daily for updates and read more here about the services and technologies that are shaping this year’s games. Arts & Culture Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Adidas Unveils Performance Shoes Made From Synthetic Spider Silk Emma Hutchings Posted August 15, 2016 Fashion Travel Today Language App Bot Simulates Real Conversations Duolingo's latest app feature bots lets users test their language skills in A.I. fueled conversations to help them practice pressure-free Gaming & Play Today Lollipop Controllers Make Playing Video Games Even Sweeter NYU student Nicole He has developed a way to use touch technology and people's natural electric current to play games Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Retail 2017 See All Luxury Today Micro-Penthouse Lets You Live In Luxury Wherever You Are Ember is a luxury tiny house that includes a number of amenities to increase the function and style of a micro-home Op-Ed Today Communications Officer: What This Holiday Season Means For Millennial Shoppers Dallas Lawrence of the Rubicon Project shares why holiday cheer is all about likes, views and retweets PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Britta Riley Social Entrepreneur, Technology Designer, & Artist, Design Retail Today Editorial Roundtable: How To Become A Customer-First Company eBay, Away, Parachute, peach, quip and Salesfloor all consider themselves a customer-first company—learn what it takes to join them Design & Architecture Today Activewear Line Comes With Built-In Sports Tape ReForm is a workout garment that features integrated compression benefits as well as kinesiology tape Travel Today Airbnb's New Trips Feature Provides Curated Local Guided Tours The travel site's new offering breaks into yet another step of the travel process PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed Yesterday Digital Strategist: Why “Big Sensing” Is Key To Retail’s Future Bud Caddell, Founder of NOBL, shares why the most capable and useful asset in any retail environment is the workforce PSFK Labs november 15, 2016 Retail Spotlight: Home Depot Reimagines How Employees Conduct Tasks The home improvement retailer puts the customer first by initiating local fulfillment centers and simplifying freight-to-shelf inventory management Sustainability Today Facebook Adds Donation Buttons For Non-Profit Organizations By adding the feature to live videos, organizations can reach out to audiences easier without taking them off of Facebook Augmented & Virtual Reality Today AR Kit Turns Any Table Into An Augmented Play Space OAK is a customizable AR interface that lets you turn any flat space into an immersive experience PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Syndicated Today Sign Uses Solar Power And Electronic Paper Soofa's Bench in Boston offers a sustainable way to advertise, and is currently providing live updates given by city officials Technology Yesterday UK Insurer Creates On-Demand Drones To Light Your Way Direct Line has come up with a clever way to make people safer in dark areas PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Syndicated Yesterday Can Montreal Fight Gentrification By Banning Restaurants? A controversial law limiting new restaurant openings has pitted business owners against those who believe they are fighting for Canada’s ‘culture capital’ PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Arts & Culture Yesterday Homewear Line Made From Toilet Paper Dutch Designer Nienke Hoogvliet challenges the notion of toilet paper as waste with a new line of products Advertising Yesterday TOMS New Apple Watch Bands Help Provide Solar Light One watch strap equals one year of solar power PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs USA Yesterday Soccer Field Built Inside A Metro Station The new pitch in Atlanta gives city children a public space to exercise No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more Understanding The Impact Brands And Brand Experiences Can Have On Women’s Lives Beauty Facebook Adds Donation Buttons For Non-Profit Organizations Advertising Airbnb's New Trips Feature Provides Curated Local Guided Tours Arts & Culture Sign Uses Solar Power And Electronic Paper Design & Architecture Editorial Roundtable: How To Become A Customer-First Company Retail Lollipop Controllers Make Playing Video Games Even Sweeter Technology Language App Bot Simulates Real Conversations Travel Stories Wrapped Around Wine Bottles Let You Read And Sip Food This Inhaler Combats The Negative Effects Of Air Pollution Health Adidas Unveils Performance Shoes Made From Synthetic Spider Silk Fashion Lexus Creates A Sriracha Car For Los Angeles Auto Show Automotive [News] Apple is working on a pair of smart glasses [News] Pro-Trump extremists have called New Balance “the official shoes of white people” [Stat] $12.6 trillion ROI expected over the next decade in IoT [News] Sam’s Club partners with Samsung on holiday deals [Insight] Fred Wilson: labor clouds and being your own enterprise [Insight] Activist investors are targeting American companies [Insight] What goes into organizing a successful protest? [Inspiration] What goes in to making first-class airline food delicious? [News] A new slow-release pill could make malaria treatment much easier [News] Microsoft exec: How does Apple get away with selling obsolete hardware? [Insight] Gender neutral pronouns are gradually catching on [Insight] How the Paul Newman company is adjusting to millennial consumers [News] National Geographic is planning a series about traveling to mars [News] There is now a bot that will argue over your cable bill for you [Insight] Why civic tech must take a new approach to our current political reality [Insight] After the election surprise, marketers are looking to take a new approach [News] BMW launches a car-sharing service in Brooklyn [Stat] Tracking the growth of the online economy [Stat] Slack reaches $100m in annualized recurring revenue [News] Facebook is trying to manage the fallout of its miscalculated metrics [Stat] Americans projected to spend over $75 billion on holiday gadgets this year [Insight] “Stem to Seed” dinner heightens cannabis fine dining [Insight] Why Snapchat’s potential $25b flotation could change the company’s appeal [News] VR has come to Google maps, and it’s great [Insight] Why Microsoft is the best bet in Silicon Valley [Insight] Why Manchester is the site of a growing tech scene [News] IBM Built a Copy of the Internet to help companies guard against cyber attacks [Review] Do Snapchat’s Spectacles live up to the hype? [News] Samsung to Buy Harman for $8 Billion [Insight] How deep learning can impact the fishing industry SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (33) Post your comment Three iPad models rumored for next year, AMOLED screens coming in 2018 15 August, 2016 Apple is prepping three new iPad models for next year, according to Ming-Chi Kuo, the world's foremost speculator on all things Apple-related (and an analyst by day). These will all come with similar designs to what we have today in Apple's tablet range, with more drastic redesigns being pushed to 2018. In 2017, we are apparently going to see a 12.9" iPad Pro 2, but also a 10.5-inch iPad Pro - a first for Apple in that size. These two will allegedly be complemented in the company's portfolio by a lower-cost 9.7-inch tablet. The 12.9" and 10.5" iPads will both be powered by the upcoming Apple A10X chipset, built on TSMC's 10nm process. The new 9.7-inch model will feature the A9X, which is the same SoC found inside the currently selling iPad Pro 9.7. In 2018, on the other hand, Apple will redesign its iPads, and Kuo expects the company to use flexible AMOLED displays for its flagships. Previously, the same analyst has predicted the same thing happening to iPhones in 2017. But while we wait for this dramatic revamp of Apple's slates in two years, iPad sales will keep dropping. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version

Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 It looks like the headphone jack dilemma will be pretty messy to start Jeff Dunn Aug. 15, 2016, 6:00 PM 8,340 facebook linkedin twitter email print As you've heard ad nauseam, Apple appears extremely likely to remove the headphone jack from its next iPhone. This hasn’t gone over well! Apart from forcing some people to buy new wired (or wireless) headphones, it’s likely to raise the cost of the average pair, and make many learn to live with dongles. Still, there are some potential benefits to adopting a digital audio connection like Lightning — noise-cancelling could become standard, for instance, and higher-end Lightning cans could provide better sound. Plus, if Apple makes jack-less iPhones the norm, it’d at least do so in one fell swoop. Lightning replaces 3.5mm, and that’s that. The Lenovo Moto Z. Business Insider/Jeff Dunn Where things get messier is on Android. There, USB-C makes for a natural headphone jack replacement: It has all the same digital capabilities as Lightning, works with various types of devices, and can still pass analog audio, meaning its headphones wouldn’t necessarily have to cost more, the way Lightning pairs tend to. The problem is not everyone’s making the switch. While Lenovo’s Moto Z has (with little immediate benefit), other Android manufacturers are drawing a line in a sand. After Samsung openly mocked Apple over the rumor earlier this month, LG not only confirmed its upcoming V20 will keep the jack late last week — it used that decision to help sell the phone as a whole. More specifically, it promoted how it’s partnered with audio firm ESS to put a 32-bit “quad-DAC” in the device. That means it uses up to four digital-to-analog converters, which in turn means it’s capable of stronger audio — so long as you’re using wired 3.5mm headphones. This could complicate things. There’s less risk in creating Lightning headphones if the next few iPhones only have a Lightning port. If Android phones are on both sides at once, though, headphone makers have less incentive to create USB-C models, which, again, seem like a legitimate successor to what’s available today. They still could, since most Android OEMs are adopting USB-C anyway, but people will buy traditional pairs if the jack is available. A rumored leak of the iPhone 7. Weibo Right now, all of this in limbo, both for buyers and manufacturers. “In general, I feel that about 30% of flagship brands are considering dropping 3.5mm, such as Motorola just did,” V-Moda CEO Val Kolton told Business Insider. “I think they are also waiting to see what Apple will do with Lightning.” Indeed, it’s still early. If the current hysteria turns out to be hot air, you’d think more than 30% of Android OEMs would be comfortable turning to USB-C. The rise of wireless headphones would negate things, too. For the near future, though, it looks like Android has found yet another way to feel fragmented. SEE ALSO: Apple is killing the headphone jack — here's how headphone companies are preparing for a total hardware revolution NOW WATCH: Sorry Apple fans — the iPhone 7 is going to be boring Loading video... More: Tech Gadgets Smartphones Headphones iPhone 7 Audio usb-c Android LG facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru It looks like the headphone jack dilemma will be pretty messy to start It looks like the headphone jack dilemma will be pretty messy to start As you've heard ad nauseam, Apple appears... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Apple's $200B offshore cash stash, and other Money... CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel by car CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel rush CBS This Morning Trump softens positions CBS This Morning Tennessee school bus tragedy CBS This Morning Presidential Medal of Freedom CBS This Morning Trump's conflicts of interest? CBS This Morning Car seat failures CBS This Morning Target CEO on holiday shopping Markets The world’s No. 1 for patent applications: China Markets Dow 19,000: What finally got it this high Markets Lilly Alzheimer's drug fails in latest study Markets On a tear, Dow closes above 19,000 mark for first time Markets At Walmart, Cyber Monday comes on Friday Markets Stocks party like its 1999 even as risks mount Markets Stock trifecta: Dow, Nasdaq, S&P 500 climb to new heights Markets U.S. stocks fall short of record highs Markets Trump's attorney general pick: A buzzkill for legal pot? Markets Election blues could trim 2016's holiday spending Markets “A slugfest between uncertainty and speculative fever” Markets Target has high hopes for its new tiny stores MoneyWatch August 15, 2016, 5:05 PM Warren Buffett ups stake in Apple, cuts Walmart Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) hiked its investment in Apple (AAPL) and reduced its stake in companies including Walmart (WMT) in the second quarter, according to a regulatory filing. The billionaire's company held 15.2 million shares of Apple as of June 30, up from 9.81 million on March 31. Berkshire held 40.2 million shares in Walmart, down from 55.2 million three months earlier. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features How not to go bust during holiday shopping Target CEO talks holiday shopping deals, smaller, urban stores David Pogue's wallet guide: "Information is money" Why Apple is getting in on the Black Friday action The world’s No. 1 for patent applications: China Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 7 highest paying jobs for men and women L.A. Auto Show: 5 cars that are turning heads 11 of the best new cars for 2017 6 things NOT to buy on Cyber Monday 10 high-end kitchen upgrades to whip through the holidays Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1337, 12 Sep 16 #1336, 05 Sep 16 #1335, 29 Aug 16 #1334, 22 Aug 16 #1333, 15 Aug 16 #1332, 08 Aug 16 #1331, 01 Aug 16 #1330, 25 Jul 16 #1329, 18 Jul 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Alfred 3.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.28 and Office 2011 14.7 Hazel 4.0.8 Slack for Mac 2.3.2 Postbox 5.0.7 ChronoSync 4.7.1 1Password 6.5.1 Pixelmator 3.6 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1     Published in TidBITS 1333. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Eye-Fi Gives X2 Card Owners a Reprieve New Accessibility Features Coming to Apple’s Ecosystem Writing App Ulysses Blends Power and Simplicity TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 August 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Email | 15 Aug 2016 | Print  ExtraBITS for 15 August 2016 by TidBITS Staff In ExtraBITS this week, Tim Cook gives an unusually personal interview to the Washington Post, CVS launches its own mobile payment system, and Microsoft’s Project Murphy creates face mashups you describe. It’s Lonely at the Top of Apple -- Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down with Jena McGregor of the Washington Post to commemorate his fifth anniversary as Apple’s head honcho. The usually private Cook opened up in this wide-ranging interview, discussing his mistakes, who he asks for advice, and what he think Steve Jobs would be up to today. Cook mentioned that the job could be lonely, but he was quick to add, “I’m not looking for any sympathy. CEOs don’t need any sympathy.” Read/post comments CVS Launches Apple Pay Competitor -- Pharmacy chain CVS, a member of the Merchant Customer Exchange consortium behind the failed CurrentC Apple Pay competitor, has launched its own mobile payment platform. CVS Pay is part of the CVS Pharmacy app for iOS that combines access to your debit or credit card, ExtraCare rewards card, and a Health Savings or Flexible Spending account. Like CurrentC and Walmart Pay, CVS Pay uses barcodes to transmit information. Interestingly, since CVS manages Target’s pharmacies, when Target implements Apple Pay support later this year, you won’t be able to use Apple Pay at their pharmacies. Read/post comments Project Murphy Photoshops Faces on Command -- Microsoft has created a new experimental chatbot, called Project Murphy, that you converse with via Facebook Messenger, Skype, or Telegram. The image-morphing technology underlying Project Murphy is impressive, but the results can be wonderfully silly since the bot merges the faces in two images to create hypotheticals of personal scenes you describe. For instance, try “What if Oprah were Miss Piggy,” “What if Tim Cook were Superman,” or “What if Steve Jobs were very old?” You can even upload your photo to use in “What if” questions for 10 minutes. Project Murphy is a lot of fun, especially if (like us) you’re not good at image manipulation apps like Photoshop. Read/post comments   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>    Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Staff TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Monday, August 15, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Apple Security Seth Weintraub: Apple hasn’t often made appearances at the Black Hat hacker conference, but this year Cupertino is Thinking Different™ about security. Head of Apple security, Ivan Krstic, today said the company would pay huge (up to $200K) bug bounties to invited researchers who find and report vulnerabilities in certain Apple software. Kate Conger (via Hacker News): In the past, Apple has cited high bids from governments and black markets as one reason not to get into the bounty business. The reasoning went: If you’re going to be outbid by another buyer, why bother bidding at all? While $200,000 is certainly a sizable reward — one of the highest offered in corporate bug bounty programs — it won’t beat the payouts researchers can earn from law enforcement or the black market. The FBI reportedly paid nearly $1 million for the exploit it used to break into an iPhone used by Syed Farook, one of the individuals involved in the San Bernardino shooting last December. A bug bounty program is unlikely to tempt any hackers who are only interested in getting a massive payout. For those who only care about cash, Mogull said Apple could probably never pay enough. But for those who care about making an impact, getting a check from Apple could make all the difference. “This is about incentivizing the good work,” Mogull explained. John Gruber: Both the bounty program and the mere fact that Krstic was speaking at Black Hat are signs of Apple’s thawing relationship with the security industry. Ivan Krstić (tweet): Each SEP [Secure Enclave Processor] has reference access to a unique private key (UID) UID generated by SEP itself immediately after fabrication, using its own free-running oscillator TRNG Available for cryptographic operations via commands exposed by the Secure ROM No access to UID key material from SEP or other mutable software after fuses blown […] Production devices can be “demoted” to enable some debugging features like JTAG and loading development software on the AP (but not the SEP) Requires full OS erase and device explicitly authorized by the personalization server Forces a different UID on the SEP, no access to existing user data after demotion Matthew Green (Hacker News): A few years ago Apple quietly introduced a new service called iCloud Keychain. This service is designed to allow you to back up your passwords and secret keys to the cloud. Now, if backing up your sensitive passwords gives you the willies, you aren’t crazy. Since these probably include things like bank and email passwords, you really want these to be kept extremely secure. […] So Apple finds itself in a situation where they can’t trust the user to pick a strong password. They can’t trust their own infrastructure. And they can’t trust themselves. That’s a problem. Fundamentally, computer security requires some degree of trust -- someone has to be reliable somewhere. Apple’s solution is clever: they decided to make something more trustworthy than themselves. To create a new trust anchor, Apple purchased a bunch of fancy devices called Hardware Security Modules, or HSMs. These are sophisticated, tamper-resistant specialized computers that store and operate with cryptographic keys, while preventing even malicious users from extracting them. The high-end HSMs Apple uses also allow the owner to include custom programming. […] Note that on HSMs like the one Apple is using, the code signing keys live on a special set of admin smartcards. To remove these keys as a concern, once Apple is done programming the HSM, they run these cards through a process that they call a “physical one-way hash function”. […] So, with the code signing keys destroyed, updating the HSM to allow nefarious actions should not be possible. Pretty much the only action Apple can take is to wipe the HSM, which would destroy the HSM’s RSA secret keys and thus all of the encrypted records it’s responsible for. […] The downside for Apple, of course, is that there had better not be a bug in any of their programming. Because right now there’s nothing they can do to fix it -- except to wipe all of their HSMs and start over. Update (2016-08-17): Here’s the video of Krstić’s talk. Update (2016-09-20): Bruce Schneier: Ever since Ivan Krstić, Apple’s Head of Security Engineering and Architecture, presented the company’s key backup technology at Black Hat 2016, people have been pointing to it as evidence that the company can create a secure backdoor for law enforcement. It’s not. Apple iCloud iCloud Keychain iOS iOS 10 Mac macOS 10.12 Sierra Security Touch ID Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Scion Asset Management Dumps Apple, Buys Alphabet ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Scion Asset Management Dumps Apple, Buys Alphabet By Wallace Witkowski Published August 15, 2016 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Scion Asset Management, the hedge fund popularized in Michael Lewis's book "The Big Short" and run by Michael Burry, dumped its stake in Apple Inc. and loaded up on Google parent Alphabet Inc. in the second quarter, according to a Monday filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Burry eliminated the fund's 75,000-share stake in Apple and took a new 15,000-share stake in Alphabet. Scion also eliminated a 100,000-stake in First Solar Inc. , as well as stakes in Gentherm Inc. and Tailored Brands Inc. Also, Scion opened a new 300,000-share position in Neophotonics Corp. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2016 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money It's (Not) Different This Time DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Twitter Shares Jump on Apple Talks Shares of Twitter jumped on news of a potential deal with Apple. Anders Keitz Aug 15, 2016 4:56 PM EDT Shares of Twitter (TWTR) jumped Monday on news of a potential deal with Apple (AAPL) . Twitter is reportedly in talks to launch an app on Apple TV that could allow millions of users to watch National Football League games that Twitter will stream. The company agreed to pay about $10 million for the rights to live-stream 10 Thursday night NFL games during the 2016 season. Twitter also has streaming agreements with Wimbledon, CBS News, the National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball, National Hockey League and Pac-12 Networks. If you liked this article you might like How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday Here's a technical look on how to trade some of the most active stocks on the market today. Jonas Elmerraji Nov 23, 2016 12:10 PM EST Facebook Reported to Have Created Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China Mark Zuckerberg said he didn't want to be an "arbiter of truth" meanwhile Facebook has been developing a censorship tool to get back into China. Vicky Huang Nov 23, 2016 10:39 AM EST Donald Trump Looks to Improve His Relationship With the New York Times President-elect Donald Trump met with executives of the New York Times on Tuesday and one topic at the meeting was Trump's belief that the Times had not covered him fairly. Amanda Schiavo Nov 22, 2016 5:25 PM EST Amazon Prime May Soon Come With Live Sports Package Option The e-commerce giant is exploring the idea of attracting new members through streaming NBA, MLB and NFL games, among others. Vicky Huang Nov 22, 2016 1:04 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 33-42 We set you thinking Thursday 24 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Philippines president vows to free economy 'from clutches' of oligarchs 1479921926 World Greek PM Tsipras, Trump talk about cooperation, security 1479921080 World France's Fillon seen winning conservatives' primaries: poll 1479921349 World EU lawmakers denounce Russian info tactics, anger Putin 1479920462 World Israel police to probe naval contract with Germany: attorney-general 1479921633 World NATO ends counter-piracy mission as focus shifts to Mediterranean 1479921169 Business EU regulator conditionally approves Abbott's purchase of St Jude 1479921870 Business Lufthansa pilots extend strike to Friday, grounding short-haul flights 1479921581 Business Generali to exit weaker markets, cut costs 1479921252 World Venezuela opposition says Vatican-brokered talks 'frozen' 1479921603 Business Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank: it's complicated 1479919087 Business November U.S. auto sales to show 5 percent rise: JD Power, LMC 1479920415 World Pakistan says nine civilians, three soldiers killed in Indian shelling 1479920891 Business Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq 1479919220 World More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar 1479921565 Business Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions 1479919928 Business Oil prices rise even as doubts remain on OPEC-led cut 1479919613 Business Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs 1479919568 World Pleading innocence, wanted general says Turkey's purge ruining military 1479917632 World Israel proposes 500 new settlement homes near Jerusalem 1479916487 World Lech Walesa sees support for Polish gov't ebbing as money runs out 1479919014 World Iran rejects Israel claim of arms to Hezbollah on commercial flights 1479917363 World U.S. says troubled over arrest of Malaysian activist under security law 1479918555 Business U.S. crude stockpiles fall as imports drop, refinery rates rise: EIA 1479917747 Business Federal Reserve finalizes lower dividend for member banks 1479917167 Business Exclusive: EU regulators set to clear Microsoft's LinkedIn deal - sources 1479916602 Business Russia still working on how to freeze oil output ahead of OPEC talks 1479915643 Business Bracing for Brexit, UK to ramp up borrowing, cuts growth forecasts 1479917536 Business 'Chapter 22' looms over some U.S. oil and gas bankruptcy survivors 1479886675 Business In wake of Wells Fargo, U.S. regulator mulls tougher bank sanctions 1479875223 Voices S’pore team did good job of solving Circle Line woes 1479919284 World South Africa's Zuma hits out at state capture report implicating him 1479915410 World U.S., China agree on new North Korea U.N. sanctions, Russia has issues: diplomats 1479913913 World Anti-Houthi Yemeni fighters harass medics, endanger civilians: Amnesty 1479915089 World Bahrain sentences six to life in prison for attempted police bombing 1479914850 Business Iraq willing to cut oil output in OPEC's plan to boost prices - minister 1479916111 World Germany, France seek four-way talks on eastern Ukraine conflict on November 29 1479909393 Business Deere earnings beat estimates but outlook downbeat 1479914107 Business Restructuring at Airbus puts over 1,000 jobs at risk: unions 1479915216 Singapore Singapore to continue working with TPP partners to seek way forward: MTI 1479914700 Business Consumer prices in Singapore fall for 24th consecutive month 1479914460 World Indian police arrest 11 people for trafficking babies in biscuit boxes 1479911426 World As crops fail, savings could stop women hitting the road in Myanmar 1479911124 World Iraqi Shi'ite group says shuts off western access to Mosul and Tal Afar 1479910176 World South Africa's Zuma says action by banks to close Gupta accounts 'suspicious' 1479910588 Business Peaks, black swans and bonanzas: Market tips, bold calls and eyecatchers for 2017 1479909493 Business U.S. durable goods report hints at pickup in business spending 1479910956 World Civilians flee as Shi'ite groups close in on flashpoint town west of Mosul 1479898342 World Iran warns of retaliation if U.S. breaches nuclear deal 1479910319 Business Dollar soars to highest in more than 13 years on Fed hike view 1479912719 Business Berkshire takes bigger bite of Apple, pares Wal-Mart Warren Buffett, Chairman, CEO and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway takes part in interviews before a fundraising luncheon for the nonprofit Glide Foundation in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, August 16, 2016 Updated: 12:05 PM, August 16, 2016 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc <BRKa.N> on Monday said it has increased its stake in Apple Inc <AAPL.O> by 55 percent, boosting its bet on the iPhone and iPod maker even as prominent investors like George Soros and Carl Icahn shed theirs. Berkshire owned 15.23 million Apple shares worth $1.46 billion as of June 30, up from 9.81 million shares as of March 31, according to a regulatory filing from Buffett's Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate. The filing also said Berkshire cut its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the world's largest retailer, by 27 percent to about 40.23 million shares from 55.24 million. Wal-Mart has been in Berkshire's portfolio for more than a decade. It was unclear whether Buffett or one of his portfolio managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, are investing in Apple. Berkshire owned more than $133 billion of equities as of June 30. Buffett is typically responsible for larger investments such as Wal-Mart, while his deputies handle smaller investments. "They have more of a trading orientation than Buffett, and may view Apple as attractive because the stock appears cheap or may have a catalyst later this year," Jim Shanahan, an equity analyst at Edward Jones, said in a phone interview. "If Warren Buffett is buying a stock, he's probably not going to sell it, or at least not sell for a very long time." Berkshire also owns roughly 90 businesses including Geico car insurance, the BNSF railroad, Dairy Queen ice cream, Duracell batteries, and Fruit of the Loom underwear. It also paid $32.1 billion in January for aircraft and industrial parts maker Precision Castparts Corp, Buffett's largest purchase. Share prices often rise when investors perceive that Berkshire has given them its imprimatur, including the 3.7 percent one-day boost that Apple got in May after Berkshire unexpectedly revealed it had taken a stake. Berkshire revealed its higher Apple stake on the same day George Soros' firm Soros Fund Management and Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors Inc said they dissolved their own Apple stakes. Icahn in April said he had sold his entire Apple stake, citing concerns about China's policies regarding the company. He later said he would reinvest in Apple if his concerns ebbed. Monday's Berkshire filing also disclosed other portfolio changes, among them lower stakes in farm equipment maker Deere & Co <DE.N> and Canadian oil and gas company Suncor Energy Inc <SU.TO>, and a higher stake in John Malone's telecommunications company Liberty Global Plc <LBTYA.O>. It also reflected Berkshire's more than 14 percent stake in oil refiner Phillips 66 <PSX.N>. Shanahan said he believes Berkshire has been shedding Wal-Mart shares at least in part to buy Phillips 66. He has a "buy" rating on Berkshire. Berkshire's filing showed that food company Kraft Heinz Co <KHC.O> was the company's largest equity investment as of June 30, at $28.81 billion, followed by Wells Fargo & Co <WFC.N>. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With S$4 billion port, Malacca eyes slice of shipping giant Singapore’s pie What are the differences between millennial and traditional leadership? Wells Fargo payouts should be halted in wake of ruling: U.S. lawmakers Wells Fargo faces tighter controls as U.S. regulator reverses course Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Inside Today World Philippines president vows to free economy 'from clutches' of oligarchs Israel police to probe naval contract with Germany: attorney-general Venezuela opposition says Vatican-brokered talks 'frozen' More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar France's Fillon seen winning conservatives' primaries: poll Business EU regulator conditionally approves Abbott's purchase of St Jude Lufthansa pilots extend strike to Friday, grounding short-haul flights Generali to exit weaker markets, cut costs November U.S. auto sales to show 5 percent rise: JD Power, LMC Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions Sports Dissent, confusion mar Lions preparations ahead of do-or-die clash with Indonesia Spain prosecutors call for two-year jail for Neymar Singapore in the driving seat as it negotiates new F1 deal High-tech trainers more likely to cause injury, study suggests AFF Suzuki Cup: Lions down but not out despite loss to Thailand Entertainment Apprentice wins award at Golden Horse Film Festival New Singapore film channel by Viddsee to build support for local works Harry Potter producer David Heyman on making a good Warriors film The rise of the anthology What it’s like to work for Michelle Chong About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 42° F Few Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 31° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven students hold pep rally before distributing food Updated: 8 mins ago Some young people are stepping up to help their neighbors this holiday season. Connecticut elects Milford 5th grader new Governor Updated: 7 mins ago MILFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – Secretary of the State Denise Merrill interrupted an assembly at John F. Kennedy Elementary School with a remote ele… New Britain Police make arrest in motor vehicle thefts Updated: 58 mins ago Thanksgiving Weekend Essentials – Traffic, Weather, Holiday Travel & Shopping 11:52 am Holiday rush underway at Bradley Airport, across the country Updated: 48 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 42° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 36° F Wind: NW 10 Humidity: 45% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 6:49 AM Sunset: 4:26 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 42° F Few Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 31° F Apple patent hints future iPhones could be waterproof By CNN Published: August 15, 2016, 5:33 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Image: Shutterstock (CNN) — It’s been long rumored the next-generation iPhone could be partially waterproof — and a newly published Apple patent just added potential credibility to those claims. The company was recently granted a patent by the US Patent and Trademark Office that hints at its possible plans for waterproof or water-resistant gadgets. The patent highlights editing tools that could be used for underwater photography to ensure those scenes don’t have “undesirable tints”. This means underwater pictures could stay vivid and maintain a blue water hue. While many Apple patents reference concepts that don’t ever see the light of day, this is its latest in a string that demonstrates it is keen to develop gadgets like iPhones that can be used underwater. For example, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) was approved for a patent earlier this year for “submersion detection circuitry” designed to help gadgets sense when they’ve been dipped into water or other liquids. Meanwhile, in late 2015, Apple was awarded a patent for a “protective barrier” that covers ports to make the area water-resistant. There’s also the patent published in March 2015 that highlights how Apple has considered special coatings and seals to shield “electronic components from moisture.” Simply put, there’s a clear trend with all this paperwork. The tech giant is expected to announce the iPhone 7 in September. In addition to incorporating waterproof features, Apple’s next-generation smartphone is rumored to ditch the headphone jack, a move that would make the phone less vulnerable to water damage. Although the existing iPhone 6S isn’t a waterproof device, CNNMoney previously dunked it in a vase of water for five minutes as a part of a test. Remarkably, the iPhone 6S continued to operate while submerged and functioned for about 10 minutes after it was removed. Eventually, the screen went white, stopped working and shut off for good. It wouldn’t come as a big surprise for Apple to add waterproof features to its next iPhone; after all, it’s behind the curve on the trend. Samsung has offered water-resistant products for years, and the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7 features a waterproof metal and glass body, and a waterproof stylus. The Note 7, just like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, is waterproof for about a half an hour in up to 5 feet of water. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Apple hints at a foldable iPhone once again Apple’s quarterly sales fall, but forecast calls for gains Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh Samsung, CPSC Recalling 2.8 Million Top-Loading Washing Machines Due to Risk of Explosion Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Donald Trump picks Betsy DeVos to be education secretary: NBC News × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway raises stake in Apple by 55 pct Fred Imbert | @foimbert Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 4:44 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Berkshire Apple stake increased by 55%    Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 4:18 PM ET | 00:58 Berkshire Hathaway has added a large chunk of Apple stock to its portfolio. The multi-billion-dollar conglomerate, which is run by legendary investor Warren Buffett, increased its stake in Apple by 55 percent as of June 30. Apple's stock has been on a tear lately, rising about 21 percent over the past three months. Berkshire's stake in Apple was first revealed in May. It wasn't Buffett himself who made the initial purchase, but rather one of portfolio managers. AAPL 3-month chartSource: FactSet Berkshire also raised its stake in Phillips 66 by 4.3 percent, but cut its stakes in Deere, Suncor Energy and Wal-Mart by 5.7 percent, 25.8 percent and 27.2 percent, respectively. Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Researchers can hack Apple’s iMessages, but you’re already safe Chris Smith BGR NewsAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share In mid-March, during the FBI vs. Apple scandal surrounding the encrypted San Bernardino iPhone, a report revealed that security researchers from Johns Hopkins University were able to access photos and videos in iMessage conversations, even though they were encrypted. The same university came up with a different attack against the same iMessage, one that allowed them to access content that should be protected by the strong encryption Apple advocates. The good news is the security holes have been patched already. You just have to run the latest versions of iOS and OS X. However, the researchers recommend that Apple should replace its iMessage encryption with one that eliminates potential weaknesses. DON’T MISS: The iPhone 7 is going to be so much more exciting than you think The security issues called a “ciphertext attack” would let the attacker access certain type of payloads and message attachments as long as at least one of the people involved in a conversation is still online. The researchers discovered that Apple doesn’t rotate encryption keys at regular intervals like modern protocols do, which means a hacker could even break into older conversations that are backed up to the cloud. “Overall, our determination is that while iMessage’s end-to-end encryption protocol is an improvement over systems that use encryption on network traffic only (e.g., Google Hangouts), messages sent through iMessage may not be secure against sophisticated adversaries,” the attackers wrote. While average hackers might not be able to pull off such tricks, nation states would have the resources needed to do it. The process did involve gaining access to Apple’s servers of using stolen TLS certificates. As MacRumors notes, law enforcement would be able to retrieve data from encrypted messages using this flaw by simply issuing a court order to force Apple to provide access to their servers. Apple was notified of the issues as early as November 2015 and patched them in iOS 9.3 and OS X 10.11.4, and worked with researchers to push out other fixes to several of its products. More details about this security issue are available at this link. Trending right now: Yet another exciting new iPhone 7 feature may have just been uncovered iPhone 8 concept shows the major design overhaul everyone wanted on the iPhone 7 12 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Square Enix Montreal’s latest game, Deus Ex Go, is out on Android and iOS this Thursday Google testing ‘Top Features’ tagging in Play Store Apple CEO Tim Cook says augmented reality and AI will be core technologies for the company Rose Behar August 15, 2016 4:56pm In an expansive interview with the Washington Post, Apple CEO Tim Cook opened up about a number of personal and professional subjects, from the importance of his public coming out to why he believes analysts are wrong that Apple has nowhere left to grow. Perhaps most interesting for Apple product enthusiasts was his admissions about what he sees as core technologies of the future, namely AI and augmented reality. In explaining why he believes mobile “is the greatest market on Earth from a consumer electronics point of view,” Cook states “Look at the core technologies that make up the smartphone today and look at the ones that will be dominant in smartphones of the future — like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today.” When it comes to privacy concerns, the famously private Cook doesn’t believe AI will pose much of an issue. “I think that talented people can come up with fantastic ways of using AI without violating privacy.” Cooke also compared the mobile market against the PC market, saying: “The global sales of PCs each year are about 275 million right now. That number’s been declining. The global market for smartphones is 1.4 billion. Over time, I’m convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone.” As for augmented reality, Cook says “I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about.” Unfortunately, readers keen to hear about Apple’s most buzz-worthy secret project of late — its alleged attempt at creating a self-driving electric car — are out of luck as Cook declined to comment on the so-called ‘Project Titan.’ Related: Apple will reportedly release new 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017 SourceWashington Post Surveillance Not gonna lie I’m looking forward to seeing what Apple brings to the AR table Anton Bruckner Sensible comment unlike most here who seem to like bashing this company Sally Mae Lol! How are things in…er…Waterloo, Maestro…? Surveillance Helps when you’re an adult I suppose Smanny As for AR, I can see a huge growth in this area. With things like Pokemon Go revenue being generated. It’s already made over 300 million so far, for a game that isn’t on the market for 3 months. Not to mention the ad revenue being generated. Apple is suppose to make 3 billion from Pokemon Go, from a total of 29 billion being generated. No wonder why everyone is going to jump on the AR bandwagon. Not to mention Google’s Tango, Hololens and other AR products and applications. It’s going to see a major growth. With 1.4 billion smartphones. AR is a no Brainer on smartphones, especially when they already give you all the hardware needed for AR, and are fairly inexpensive and easy to obtain. As far as AI is concerned. That is all server side. Sure the input will come from the smartphone or PC/laptop. But the AI processing is all done on the server side. This is where other companies have been pushing in that area for quite a while now. So it makes sense that Apple is going to try and do the same thing. Marc Palumbo I think you gotta read between the lines on what Tim Cook is sayng. If Apple is coming up with anything AR related, it’ll most probably needed to be tethered to an iPhone, like the Apple Watch is. Whereas other products such as HoloLens are not. I think we can safely assume that you’ll need an iPhone to go along with their AR product. Smanny Just writing software for only iOS would be good enough for Tim and Apple. Apple already does that with a bunch of their software and services currently (iMessage, FaceTime,…). Even when Apple does write software for other platforms, then it’s always limited or restricted on those platforms. Maybe they are going to add some APIs to help developers with AR/VR. Who knows? I brought up other AR hardware like Hololens, and Google’s Tango to show that others have been already making both hardware and software for AR already. But you also don’t need any hardware as well. Look at the game Pokemon Go as an example. There is even other AR games and tools as well. That have been out for years even. They just use your existing smartphone hardware. There is no denying that this recent Pokemon Go was a hit with not only revenue, but with its AR on smartphones. This game has certainly brought more attention to AR in general. More so than Hololens and Tango ever brought. If more hits like that come to mobile, then AR will see more attention and revenue come down the pipeline. Look everyone knows already Apples smartphones have low resolution displays. They suck when it comes to VR vs others currently on the market . So maybe Apple will make a headset that is both AR and VR or make separate headsets. Maybe Apple will increase the resolution of their iPhones? Who knows? We do know Apple loves to make lots of money and find different avenues that generate different revenue streams. If Apple does make a headset then they have to increase the speed of their lightning and increase the current as well. Like what USB-C has done on Android devices. Or maybe Apple would adapt USB-C on their iPhones, like they did with USB-C on their macbooks. Who am I kidding, Apple loves their proprietary route. It also helps lock in their accessories as well. In any case if Apple does make a AR/VR headset that does plug into their iPhones. Then rest assured it won’t be cheap. Especially since it will have to contain all the sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, buttons, pad), as well as the high resolution display(s). If LG 360 VR was $250 USD or $299 CAD, then Apples is going to be $500 or more. Marc Palumbo I would hate to compare apps running on HoloLens to Pokemon Go because apps on HoloLens use the surrounding environment with the holograms. PokemonGo is pretty bare when it comes to AR, which I’m not taking a shot, I’m just saying that AR has so many capabilities, that Pokemon Go is really simple (on the surface). As for Apple, I wasn’t saying that Apple only writes software for their own platform, I mean that their wearable devices are iPhone dependent and given what this article quotes Tim Cook saying, is most probably Apple’s AR device will need to be tethered to an iPhone just like the Apple Watch. They want to make sure that you still need an iPhone to do things like make phone calls or use FaceTime, etc. Omar Two things… The reason PC sales per year are declining is because, unlike smartphones, most people don’t upgrade yearly. I don’t think the markets are comparable. I think it is fair to say most people who use PCs use them for a few years, if not longer, before upgrading. Secondly, 1.4 billion smartphone users is impressive, sure. But there are over 7 billion people on Earth. Saying I think everybody will own a smartphone one day is like Miss Universe saying she wants world peace for everybody. Shoey5 I agree, though I think PC Sales are more due to the fact that there just isn’t as much as a need to upgrade as mid to high range hardware performs the majority of tasks effortlessly. Where as in the past, even an OS upgrade required a faster computer. Rev0lver Most people don’t upgrade their smart phones yearly either… Sally Mae Yarp; I’ve had my current phone for nearly 5 years and as Apple was kind enough to replace the battery for free last year (warranty), I expect I’ll get another couple o’ years outta the ol’ thing. Omar That’s a good point. I should have said compared to computers, people upgrade their phones more often. Smanny PC are down, because mobile devices can already do a number of things that PCs use to do. However mobile devices have already surpassed PCs in a number of areas. First of all with a mobile device you check on a number of things much easier and faster than any PC. Like news, weather, sports, stocks, and more. Not to mention social media is much faster, easier, and more convenient than any PC. I can even do my banking, and its much faster, and much easier on my smartphone. With smartphone devices you were guaranteed to have a touch screen, GPS, compass (or direction), cameras, accelerometers, and other sensors. PC just didn’t come with most of that. So developers could make apps based around this type of hardware. That’s why you see a lot of the growth areas on mobile for AR, VR, and more on mobile devices. Not to mention high end mobile devices are now offering you lots of ram, storage, and now you can get some devices that have 1/2 a teraflop. With some devices coming out next year offering you almost 1 teraflop in the palm of your hand. To put things in perspective an XBox One has 1.24 teraflops. So having a smartphone that almost has the processing power of an XBox One console that sits in your hand is telling. Omar Those are typically small things however. Luxuries, if you will. And you’d be surprised, my laptop for example has a touch screen, GPS, a front-facing camera, sensors, etc etc. You are listing things that aren’t reasons why most (I use this loosely) people by PCs. If you are buying a PC to do trivial things like that, sure you don’t really need one. But if you are a university student, work in an office, work as a journalist, media, etc etc… Then yes, you’ll need a PC to do real work. I may not be 100% correct on this, so somebody please correct me if I’m wrong, but there is a difference between mobile SOCs and PC SOCs and maybe even RAM. There is a reason we don’t see Qualcomm processors in computers, isn’t there? A smartphone can replace your PC for luxury, but not when it comes to work. Shoey5 Seems the past few years, Apple seems to regurgitate what other companies are already doing… Brad Fortin These past few years? Apple’s never really been first to any market, they just happen to do things better than a lot of the competition. Shoey5 They’ve released somethings first, past few years it’s been more apparent on how much they’ve lost their innovation. Wouldn’t agree that they just happen to do things better…there is a lot better out there then most Apple products… Brad Fortin Give me some examples of products or features they’ve released first. It wasn’t in personal computers, PDAs (although they did coin the term), MP3 players, smartphones, tablets, or wearables. The problem with innovation is that the term is so overused that most people don’t even realize what it means anymore (hint: inventions are not always innovations, most of them are novelties). Shoey5 No they weren’t first to bring any of that stuff to market though sadly they tried to make people think they invented a lot of those things to the point of trying to patent them and even sadder, a lot of people believe it. They were however first to bring a number of things mainstream to market in an innovative way (that’s what I meant)….besides that things like Mini Display Port, Apple A5 (though through Arm) Brad Fortin They’ve brought a lot of innovations forward in the last few years, though, that go unnoticed by most people. In the 2015 MacBook, for example: The keyboard (making not just a new type of switch, the butterfly switch, but making the switches out of nylon-wrapped glass instead of plastic), the batteries (terraced batteries that can conform to a contoured chassis rather than leaving empty space or conforming the chassis to the battery), the trackpad (both being pressure-sensitive and relying on a vibrating motor for haptic feedback instead of the traditional diving board style of trackpad), and the display (incredibly thin while remaining very bright and vibrant). Sally Mae Lil’ Timmy Co*k’s time would be better spent in developing batteries that last more than 5 minutes of moderate use and implementing features into his products that loyal consumers have been crying for decades… Mo Dabbas “Apple CEO Tim Cook says augmented reality and AI will be core technologies for the company” — he means in 2020?? Mamba Where did you read “for the company”? More like he’s referring AR as “technology that can be built around on”. Mo Dabbas Are you for real? I quoted the title. Mamba Ah. I apologize. I should be directing this to the author. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use

Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call Matt Weinberger Aug. 15, 2016, 4:33 PM 17,606 facebook linkedin twitter email print Peter Lee, Microsoft corporate VP and Microsoft Research NExT boss.Microsoft In 1991, Microsoft founded Microsoft Research, a division for the company's army of PhDs and scientists to pursue the coolest, wildest, most science-fictional ideas that they possibly could, with the very noncorporate goal of expanding human knowledge. They came up with some incredible stuff. Over the years, Microsoft Research contributed to a whole mess of inventions, including Google Maps-style global mapping, voice-recognition software, and the smartwatch. The problem was, very few of those cool academic discoveries were actually making their way back to Microsoft's actual commercial products. Microsoft may have invented the tablet, but the Apple iPad ran away with the market. Meanwhile, the world of tech has changed drastically. Facebook, Uber, Google, Apple, and pretty much every other company in the tech market are trying to build products that require solving really hard computer-science challenges, like artificial intelligence and self-driving vehicles. So all of these companies are hiring their own crack internal science teams. That's why, about 18 months ago, Dr. Peter Lee — a longtime Microsoft Researcher, formerly of DARPA and Carnegie Mellon's computer-science department — thought that it was time for Microsoft Research to take a risk and make some changes. "Twenty-five years in the tech industry is an eternity," Lee says, and he had these "crazy thoughts" about how to give Microsoft Research more impact. Microsoft Research Corporate VP Jeanette WingMicrosoft Lee's big idea would manifest as Microsoft Research NExT, or "New Experiences and Technologies." In its short life, NExT has been responsible for Microsoft technologies like Skype Translator, some of the intelligence behind the Cortana digital assistant, and robots like China's beloved Xiaoice and the notorious rogue Twitter bot Tay. Behind the scenes, too, Microsoft Research NExT is responsible for the more subtle, but still important, leaps that make modern tech possible. If Alex Kipman, development lead for the Microsoft HoloLens holographic goggles, needs "four technological miracles for HoloLens," then it's a NExT team that gets the call. But building NExT required a big change in how Microsoft Research did business — or, perhaps more accurately, how it didn't. What's NExT? In his "wildest dreams," Lee says, he saw maybe 15% of Microsoft Research adopting this new way of doing things. Lee loves Microsoft Research and didn't want to rock the boat too much. But when he took his ideas to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Microsoft Research boss Harry Shum, they pushed him to go further. "This is really interesting, but you're being way too timid,'" Lee says Shum and Nadella told him. As a result, about half of the division, around 500 researchers, was reorganized into Microsoft Research NExT with Lee at the head. Distinguished computer scientist Jeanette Wing has control of the other half of Microsoft Research, still focused on more academic areas of study. Microsoft Research head Harry Shum.Microsoft The idea, Lee says, is that "every great research mind is special." Some PhDs and scientists will still want to come to Microsoft Research to pursue the more academic experience that the company has provided for the last quarter of a century, and where science will still be pursued for science's sake without corporate oversight. "There's a big part of Microsoft Research still focused on that life goal," Lee says. By splitting off NExT, though, the company is diversifying its appeal for recruiting top scientists. Companies like Facebook and Google are "snapping up PhDs like crazy," offering the chance for academicians to tackle practical problems that will have a direct and tangible benefits on people's lives, from self-driving cars to cutting-edge quantum computers. And so, NExT is designed to encourage a more entrepreneurial mindset. Science startup If teams at Microsoft Research NExT want funding and access to Microsoft's vast store of resources, then they have to go through a process similar to any private startup. First, Lee says, each team has to "declare very clearly, a very specific goal in the world." That has to be a yes or no question, like "Can we build a bot that humans will want to interact with every day?" because it's the metric on which they'll be judged. Then, the idea has to be vetted by the so-called launch team, a group of executives who act "very similarly to the managing partners of a venture-capital firm," Lee says. If they like what they hear, then the launch team will authorize the necessary resources and the capital for the project. The infamous Tay chatbot came out of Microsoft Research NeXT.Microsoft From there, each team is placed under the auspices of one of three groups, Lee says, as makes sense: One, led by Yi-Min Wang and focused on "execution," works on solving specific problems on a case-by-case basis. So if HoloLens needs a miracle, then Wang's team gets the call. Another, led by Norm Whitaker, is in charge of "special projects," which is similar to Google's idea of "moonshots." Big ideas like building Microsoft data centers underwater came from Whitaker's lab. Finally, Dr. Hsiao-Wuen Hon leads Microsoft Research NExT's efforts in China, which Lee considers to be a huge opportunity. Xiaoice, the smash-hit chatbot in China that has users literally falling in love, came from Hon's team. The end result: Science from Microsoft Research has been moving into the real world much more quickly than it used to. That's good news for Microsoft, which has been betting big on cutting-edge advancements in security and artificial intelligence as it moves past Windows and into a new age. SEE ALSO: I spent 5 minutes inside the quietest room in the world NOW WATCH: Microsoft has created an AI bot that captions photos and it’s shockingly accurate Loading video... More: Microsoft Microsoft Research Peter Lee facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call In 1991, Microsoft founded Microsoft Research... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 45 mins S&P 500 2,202.31 -0.63 (-0.03%) Dow 30 19,067.56 43.69 (0.23%) 4 Surprising Things Apple CEO Tim Cook Said in That Big Washington Post Interview Brad Tuttle MoneyAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Siri is getting much, much smarter.More Over the weekend, the Washington Post published a huge 10,000+ word Q&A with Apple CEO Tim Cook. During the wide-ranging talk, Cook covered plenty of ground that will be familiar if you keep tabs on this sort of thing. He discussed the importance of publicly coming out as gay (which he’s done many times before) and delved into Apple’s standoff with the FBI over privacy matters (the subject of a TIME cover story and Q&A earlier this year). Cook also provided a fair amount of predictable, rah-rah boosterism for his brand. He downplayed declining sales in China and the company’s largely poor performance in the stock market for 2016, and contended that without a doubt Apple is a long-term growth company that isn’t anywhere near its peak. Unsurprisingly, Cook refused to comment on specific future developments and products that haven’t already been discussed publicly during the interview. On other hand, Cook did said a few things that are somewhat surprising, and certainly interesting for people who follow Apple mostly from the consumer perspective. Here are five noteworthy tidbits Cook offered up during the interview: One day everyone on earth will have a smartphone. Right now, there are about 1.4 billion smartphones in the world. Cook thinks that sometime down the line, the market will expand five-fold (or more), so that there’s one smartphone for each human being on the planet. Read Next: The Best Way to Come Out to Coworkers and Bosses “Over time, I’m convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone,” Cook said. “That may take a while, and they won’t all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on earth from a consumer electronics point of view.” Siri will soon be able to order you an Uber. Apple has opened up Siri to third-party app developers, and the result, which should become reality as soon as this fall, is that “whatever kind of ride-sharing app you might use, Uber or Lyft in the United States, you could just — using your voice — order the car.” Siri will know where you parked too. No time frame was offered on this one. But Cook promised that Apple’s voice-activated assistant will become so smart it’ll automatically remember where you parked the car—so you’ll never have to wander cluelessly hunting around the parking lot again. He didn’t acknowledge Apple Watch’s struggles. During the interview, Cook admitted several mistakes he’s made as CEO, including one notable bad hire and a misguided decision to replace Google as the default map app on iPhones. Yet Cook didn’t hint that anything was awry with the Apple Watch, despite the lukewarm consumer response to the device that some have described as irrelevant and a flop. Read Next: The Big Risk of Donald Trump’s Fight With Apple The worst the Washington Post intro would say about the Apple Watch—the “first all-new device during [Cook’s] tenure”—is that it’s “not yet a mega hit.” Cook would only say that the Apple Watch has enable the company to get “into wellness and in health,” and that, “We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us.” Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down BGR News Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Business Insider Microsoft might get to take its last shot at the iPhone after all Business Insider Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out TechCrunch Don’t watch it! There’s a video clip that will annoyingly crash your iPhone when you play it Digital Trends American consumers seem pretty excited about Donald Trump Yahoo Finance Deere hits all time high, Eli Lilly sinks to 2-year low, Urban Outfitters falls on miss Yahoo Finance How to buy a new HDTV without getting ripped off Yahoo Finance iPhone 7S and iPhone 8 rumors Digital Trends Camporeale: State of U.S. GDP Looks Pretty Good Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Dr Pepper just paid $1.7 billion for a little-known brand that's a threat to Coke and Pepsi Business Insider JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider Dell, Amazon Black Friday Doorbuster Deals You Can Buy Now PC Magazine Trump Picks Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador Bloomberg Video Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Janet: He should have condemned them long before now. I'm somewhat relieved that he finally did it. He still has a long, long way to go before I'll call him my president. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 772 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance NFL legend Jim Kelly's story of triumph and tragedy Yahoo Finance Turkey fryers have caused $5.2 million in damage since 2004 Yahoo Finance A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Thinking about buying a Google Pixel? Verizon has a killer Black Friday deal Digital Trends Deere hits another all-time high CNBC Videos All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Microsoft is finally bringing Solitaire to the iPhone Business Insider How to win at Black Friday shopping on Amazon Yahoo Finance There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider Buyer beware: Hackers target Black Friday/Cyber Monday shopping weekend Digital Trends MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance The New Rules of Retirement Planning Consumer Reports This viral email from General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis about being 'too busy to read' is a must-read Business Insider How Much Notice Should You Give When Quitting a Job? Credit.com Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Desktops Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Notebooks Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Smartphones Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Tablets Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: NES Classic Edition Alienware 13 Samsung 960 EVO GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Surface Studio Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home News by Brittany Goetting — Monday, August 15, 2016 Apple’s ‘Lonely’ CEO Tim Cook Views Augmented Reality As A Core Technology Apple CEO Tim Cook recently celebrated his five-year anniversary as CEO and the one billionth iPhone sold. Cook argues that his job, however, is not always a bucket of lollipops and rainbows. The self-proclaimed “lonely” CEO recently sat down with The Washington Post to discuss the difficult and controversial topics like the future of iPhones, AI, the Chinese market, possible tax evasion in Europe, Project “Titan”, and the importance of AR. Perhaps the biggest surprise in the interview was the love Cook showed for augmented reality. Apple has largely stayed away from augmented reality, however, it has become more interested in the field thanks to the success of products like Pokémon GO. Cook remarked, “I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about.” In the interview Cook spoke often about the future of the company. iPhone sales fell by 23% this past year, however, Cook believes that new technologies will keep the device relevant. He commented, “AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren’t leaving home without it today — you’re really going to be connected to it in the future.” The company recently acquired machine learning startup Turi.  Cook also responded to the recent 33 percent sales decrease in China. The Chinese smartphone market contains many low-cost competitors like Huawei and Xiaomi. Cook insisted that the decrease is a short-term result in a long-term plan. He claimed, “So as I look in the long term, I think China is an unbelievable market — not only from a demand point of view and the revenue potential there, but also as a great source of talent.” Apple is also currently waiting for the European Union to rule whether or not the company owes billions of dollars in back taxes. There is currently a rumor that Apple and Ireland had a deal that lowered corporate tax liability. The question therefore right now is: Where should Apple’s taxes be going? Cook did not appear to have much of an answer to this question. He insisted that Apple has behaved in a perfectly legal manner and that the United States is due for corporate tax reforms. Cook was incredibly vague regarding Apple’s rumored electric car, Project “Titan”. He stated, “I can’t answer a question about something we haven’t announced.” It looks like consumers will not be receiving any new information about the Apple car anytime soon.   Tags:  Apple, iPhone, tim cook, VR, AI, AR, tax evasion Via:  washingtonpost.com Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Ubuntu Based Zorin OS 12 Linux Could Be...32 Netflix 4K Streaming Comes To PC, But...11 Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Mocks Apple...9 Apple Reportedly Throttling iPhone 7...8 NVIDIA Offers Free Gears Of War 4...5 Microsoft Rumored To Include x86 on...4 Stanford Study Shows That Students Are...4 FEATURED Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets,... Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish,... Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...746k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...584k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...559k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...543k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...485k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...383k THREADS HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...8 ATI Graphics Card Overheating Problem7 off topic - why are facebook videos so...6 Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?1 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Facebook Facepalm Moment As Fake... President-Elect Trump’s Top Tech... Researchers Hack Headphones Into... NHTSA Encourages Smartphone OEMs To... Google 'Popular Times' Feature In... Sony Allegedly Covering-Up Serious... $599 Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel i7... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tweet that TD: Twitter scores deal to stream Thursday night NFL games Bill Roberson Digital TrendsAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Also: Will Apple debut a "flexible" iPad with an OLED screen in 2018? And Google is working on a new OS that isn't Android. What will it be used for?More ‘Flexible’ Apple iPad with OLED screen in 2018? As we count down the days to the next big Apple event next month, more rumors, this time about future iPads, have popped up. According to 9 to 5 Mac, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at Taiwan-based KGI Securities, who has a very strong record of accuracy when it comes to what Apple is up to, says Tim Cook and team are about to reshuffle the iPad lineup. New models may include a 12.9-inch iPad Pro “2”, a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, and a new, low-cost 9.7 inch iPad. But the really interesting prediction is that Apple may introduce a flexible iPad with an OLED screen in 2018. Along with those features, Kuo predicts the 2018 models will have a radical redesign, including big changes to the user interface. Will all these predictions come to pass? Maybe, maybe not, but 2018 just got a bit more exciting. Colorful new OS under development at Google? What’s going on over at Google? Some fishing around in GitHub and elsewhere has turned up code that appears to be the basis of a new operating system, dubbed Fuchsia. And no, this isn’t the next version of Android, either, it’s something completely new, and by the looks of it, a ways away from being complete. According to Hacker News, two guys who worked on BeOS and other operating systems are involved, and speculation about what Fuchsia may be for range from an OS for Internet of Things devices, to a mashup of Android and Chrome operating systems. Google said they have no comment about it right now, so we’ll keep an eye on it for you. Twitter’s NFL deal brings Thursday Night Lights to your phone It’s mid-August and for many people, that’s when their football itch starts to get really… itchy. Well, Twitter is going to help you scratch that itch this year, with a deal in place to livestream 10 NFL Thursday night games. The first game you can twitter stream will be the September 15th contest between the Bills and Jets, and there is some chatter that Apple TV users might be able to stream the games on their TVs using the Twitter app. But… we’ll see. What the NFL/Twitter streaming experience will look like exactly is still a bit unclear, but the New York Times offered up a rendering, which clearly shows the ability to tweet away during game time, of course. Twitter is also reportedly in talks with Major League Soccer (MLS) and the PGA for even more sporting event streaming down the line. Report: 10.5-inch iPad Pro could precede 'radical' design changes in 2018 Is Apple about to ditch the 11-inch MacBook Air for a new 15-inch model? Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is Apple working on 'health ring'? Patent reveals ECG monitoring device that can be worn as a ring, watch or brooch Patent was filed by Apple Inc. on April 15 and published August 11 Describes ECG that isn’t sensitive to the relation of the wearer's heart Users would place it on up to 6 different areas to calibrate the device This corrects abnormalities in device so it can be worn anywhere Rumors have surfaced about a new Apple healthcare device for 2017   By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:58 EST, 15 August 2016 | Updated: 18:41 EST, 15 August 2016 e-mail 35 shares 9 View comments When it comes to the ‘next frontiers’ in product development, Apple believes healthcare is ‘the biggest one of all’. And a new patent reveals the Cupertino firm might be working on a new device that records electrocardiograph signals of the wearer, which would be completely separate from the Apple Watch. This unnamed device could take the form of a ring, brooch or watch, with the sole purpose of monitoring a person’s heart – regardless of where it is worn on the body. Scroll down for videos  Apple's latest patent describes a device that records electrocardiograph (ECG) signals of the wearer, using a range of sensors. This unnamed device could be any form of wearable material such as a ring, brooch or watch WHAT IS THIS UNNAMED DEVICE IN APPLE'S PATENT?  Apple describes a wearable electrocardiograph device with the sole function of monitoring the wearer's heart. Although an ECG monitor is not a new innovation, Apple’s patent describes one that isn’t sensitive to the relation of the wearer's heart. The patent illustrates a device that is calibrated by undergoing an ‘enrollment process’ where readings are gathered from different parts of the body with the device. This means that the wearable is placed on on the wrists, then ankles, around finger s or anywhere else Apple may instruct if the technology actually hits the market. These measurements are then used to correct abnormalities in the device because of where it is located on the person’s body. Electrocardiograph (ECG) machines produce readings from multiple electronic nodes, which vary depending on the location of the recording in proximity to the heart. These readings can then be used by a specialists to diagnose various heart conditions. Although an ECG monitor is not a new innovation, Apple’s patent describes one that isn’t sensitive to the relation of the wearer's heart. The patent, first spotted by Patently Apple, illustrates a device that is calibrated by undergoing an ‘enrollment process’ where readings are gathered from different parts of the body with the device. This means that the wearable is placed on on the wrists, then ankles, around fingers or anywhere else Apple may instruct if the technology actually hits the market. These measurements are then used to correct abnormalities in the device because of where it is located on the person’s body. The black and white illustrations of this wearable displays three different ECG electrodes that will be used to take readings. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is this the release date of the iPhone 7? Reports claim... Is Apple working on a TANK? Patent reveals plans for a... Apple Watch 2 may be launched later this year: Rumours... 'This is what Apple should tell you when you lose your... Share this article Share 35 shares An example given in the patent suggests that Apple has designed these different electrodes to act as either negative or positive in order to measure the differences between them – allowing it to calibrate accordingly. If the device is worn on other areas, Apple says ‘non-standard ECG leads can be defined between the right leg and other limbs, thereby expanding Einthoven's triangle’. Although an ECG monitor is not a new innovation, Apple’s patent describes one that isn’t sensitive to the relation of the wearer's heart. If the device is worn on other areas, Apple says ‘non-standard ECG leads can be defined between the right leg and other limbs, thereby expanding Einthoven's triangle’ (right) Following this enrollment process, the device can store as many as six different measurements – one for each lead (place where the device is positioned to gather a read). THE APPLE IRING  Last year the technology giant was granted a patent for an ‘iRing’ that will be able to take photographs, text and tell the time – all while being small enough to wear on your index finger. The smart ring will even feature a tiny touchscreen as well as apps that can be accessed using the thumb. Ground-breaking: The 'iRing' will feature a tiny touchscreen with apps that can be operated with the thumb, and will be able to take photographs and send text messages ‘A processor in the device can then calculate the positions of the QRS complexes (or R waves) and can compute an average template for each of the 6 leads by overlapping and averaging the recorded beats in synchrony with the R waves, reads the patent titled ‘Method of Detecting the Wearing Limb of a Wearable Electronic Device’. ‘A time scaling can be applied to normalize each template lead to a given heart rate such as 60 bpm (beats per minute) using the same principles used in QT interval correction known in the art. A normalization in amplitude can also be applied.’ These six measurements are then stored in the system for use in other detection phases. WHAT IS APPLE'S RESEARCHKIT? Apple’s ResearchKit an open-source software tool designed to give scientists a new way to gather information on patients by using their iPhones, was unveiled last year. Several top research institutions have developed applications to work on the ResearchKit platform, including those pursuing clinical studies on asthma, breast cancer, heart disease, diabetes and Parkinson's disease. They include Stanford University School of Medicine and Weill Cornell Medical College. The format will allow users to decide if they want to participate in a study and decide how their data is to be shared with researchers. The ResearchKit platform is designed to work hand in hand with Apple's HealthKit software, which allows iPhones to work with health and fitness apps that gather information on weight, blood pressure, glucose levels and asthma inhaler use. The ResearchKit also allows researchers access to accelerometer, microphone, gyroscope and GPS sensors in the iPhone to gain insight into a patient's gait, motor impairment, fitness, speech and memory. The software is also designed to help researchers build more diverse study populations, which traditionally have been limited by physical proximity to large academic medical centers. Researchers use Apple's ResearchKit tools to create an app. An iPhone user who wants to participate downloads that app and fills out a questionnaire to determine eligibility and establish a base line for further comparisons.  Users will also learn more about the study so they can give consent. The app will tell accepted participants what to do. In the Parkinson's study, subjects will be asked to tap on the screen, speak into the microphone and walk several steps to gauge progression of the disease. Some research apps will be able to tap data from other apps, such as those for fitness trackers. Apple says participants will be able to decide whether to allow that. The company doesn't see any of that data.  April’s patent isn’t the first news that suggest the tech giant is creating a non-watch healthcare device. In an interview last year with The Telegraph, CEO Tim Cook said, ‘We don’t want to put the watch through the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) process.' 'I wouldn’t mind putting something adjacent to the watch through it, but not the watch, because it would hold us back from innovating too much, the cycles are too long.'  'But you can begin to envision other things that might be adjacent to it -- maybe an app, maybe something else.” The device is calibrated by undergoing an ‘enrollment process’ where readings are gathered from different parts of the body with the device. Following this enrollment process, the device can store as many as six different measurements – one for each lead (place where the device is positioned to gather a read) Most recently, a rumor spread throughout Taiwan last week that Apple is working on a healthcare product separate from its Watch. According to the report, Apple is currently in discussion with suppliers about a new product with sensors that can collect data like the user’s heart rate, pulse, blood sugar other biometric statistics, reports Apple Insider. Sources believe this device would launch around the same time as the 2017 iPhones.     Read more: Apple's Tim Cook declares the end of the PC and hints at new medical product United States Patent Application: 0160228025 Apple Invents a New Health Wearable Device that Measures Electrocardiographic Signals - Patently Apple Share or comment on this article e-mail 35 shares Most watched News videos Gruesome moment Korean chef dissects a LIVE octopus Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Teen films a burning 'meteorite' moving across sky in Japan Shocking moment man hits women in mass chicken shop fight Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Tidal surge filmed on Sunaoshi River in Tagajo, Japan The moment a 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima Kim Kardashian attacked in Paris by notorious prankster Mystery homeless woman in Rome avoids questions from reporter Cyclist films moment car causes him to crash then drives away Doorman knocks-out troublemaker during two-on-one confrontation 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Six rebel electors have signed an agreement to try to block... REVEALED: Number of Hamilton stars haven't voted in YEARS... Grieving mother of three bus crash victims says she... Was Hillary robbed of election by HACKERS? Experts urge... EXCLUSIVE: Frankenstein-like experiments, no anesthesia and... Politico editor resigns after calling for 'baseball bat'... Just in the nick of time! Obama gives out his last Medals of... In from the cold: Donald feels the warmth down in Mar-a-Lago... Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH... 'F*** him!' Emotional TV anchors and execs hit 'bluffing... Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing... Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Instructions on how to deal with a nuclear attack, and an abandoned box of toilet roll: Eerie photographs... Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Do 'life hacks' really work? Scientists unveil global experiments to test them - beginning with claims steel... What does YOUR phone reveal about you? Android users tend to be honest while Apple fans are more outgoing Rotten Confederate history: Time capsule buried in 1895 is unearthed, but its contents - including Jefferson... Will the iPhone 8 have GLASS casing? Rumours suggest Apple will ditch metal to support wireless charging The never-ending rainbow: Stunning circular phenomenon is spotted over Portsmouth harbour Lost shrine of Norway's 1,000-year-old Viking king uncovered: Archaeologists claim to have found the church... Government calls for phone makers to 'lock out' apps in a moving car amid 10% spike in traffic deaths Get ready for superfast internet: £1 billion investment could bring 'full-fibre' and 5G broadband to... The Bronze Age ancestor of Rodin’s ‘Thinker’:  Bizarre 3,800-year old pensive statuette is found in Israel So much for brain freeze! Eating ice cream for breakfast could make you SMARTER Would YOU try virtual reality in the bedroom? Nearly half of women admit it could make sex more enjoyable The stunning image that sent the internet into a spin: Can you work out what's REALLY pictured here? Twitter is left red-faced after suspending the account of its OWN chief executive in bizarre blunder  MORE HEADLINES Is there a PYRAMID in the Antarctic? Bizarre theory claims an alien base is hidden in a huge triangular structure Have alien hunters spotted 'hundreds' of UFOs leaving the moon (or could it just be an optical illusion...) Did Nasa's Spirit Mars rover spot signs of life on the red planet in 2007? Researchers say mysterious deposits 'closely resemble' those found at hot springs on Earth Ever wondered why World War I fighters didn't shoot their own propellers off? Stunning slo-mo video reveals the 'sync gear' in action Will the iPhone 8 be a FLIP PHONE? Apple is awarded a patent for new flexible handset design  Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Apple confirms its return to Black Friday with 'one-day shopping event' - but won't say what will be on offer The 'invisibility cloak' made of trees that could protect buildings from earthquakes Watch out! Viral 'prank video' will CRASH any iPhone or iPad almost instantly: Here's how to fix it Stunning medieval murals painted over by Shakespeare's father on the orders of Henry VIII are revealed for the first time in 450 years Your iPhone can be unlocked by a HEDGEHOG: Video reveals TouchID can store a tiny pawprint as experts question the security of fingerprints Is YOUR iPhone 6s affected by the 'unexpected shutdown' bug? Apple will now replace the battery for free Do 'life hacks' really work? Scientists unveil global experiments to test them - beginning with claims steel can remove the stench of garlic How to deal with political debate at the Thanksgiving table: Psychologists say we should channel Winston Churchill and 'never let a good crisis go to waste' Construction of the world's first full-scale Hyperloop prototype begins in Las Vegas: Futuristic pods that could travel at 760mph will be tested next year MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Turning up the heat! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72,  during vacation in Mexico  Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Angelina Jolie and Cindy Crawford  'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Addressed the breakup  Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears Sizzling Former Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa parades around in teeny bikini while soaking up the sun in Florida  Flawless body Become a deal diva: Savvy shoppers reveal how you can save HUNDREDS this holiday season  Sponsored PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face 'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital...as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' 'Little miss dynamite': Laurie Hernandez wins season 23 of DWTS with partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy Olympic gymnast raised the mirrorball trophy Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis There could be trouble From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around in the projects and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbors reveal after his arrest for possessing cannabis  'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband at a West Hollywood hot spot  Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  Filed a lawsuit against an attorney  Emmy Rossum reveals she was NAKED when Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail surprised her with a proposal of marriage Was a shock  Eminem's ex-wife Kim Mathers, 42, gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole near her home in Michigan  A fashion faux paw! Hilary Duff wears unusual outfit that includes a top covered in cat faces and bell-bottom jeans Eccentric ensemble  What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Was stopped outside a convenience store  Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron, 41, flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Slender limbs She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs She's had many looks   Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' to promote his new festive range of socks Another day, another island! As his Caribbean tour continues Harry arrives in St Kitts to meet local schoolchildren (but struggles with names) Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Her own way of coping Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam A very public proposal  Isla Fisher lets slip during a live interview that Vince Vaughn is working on a Wedding Crashers sequel Hinted that the follow-up is on the horizon   Cristiano puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Octomom says she stopped working in porn after seeing her daughter strut around in her stripper shoes and reveals she and her 14 kids are now vegan Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for? Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicola Peltz Out and about 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase  Embraces the label   Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst, and 'the minor is thinking about suing him' 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet photographers for exposing Chrissy Teigen's wardrobe malfunction Peek-a-boob! Actress Sophie Monk suffers a nip-slip in daring sheer bejewelled silver frock on ARIA Awards red carpet Sheerly a mistake? Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'I wish Blake Lively was my best friend': Selena Gomez admits she has a girl crush on the blonde actress in new interview Candid comments  He's certainly got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with  brunette who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger  Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared before campaign rallies without permission 'They told me my hips were too wide': Teenage model exposes the dark side of the fashion industry with brutally honest Instagram posts Spoke to her followers Judge cutie! Julianne Hough stuns in glamorous gown as she attends Dancing With The Stars season finale She certainly looked ready to rumba  Their breast display! The Veronicas reveal their ample busts as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to sparkle... The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident and 'will not pursue further' There's more good news for the actor The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television Your wallet will thank you! FEMAIL rounds up the best Black Friday deals and doorbuster sales to kick off your Thanksgiving holiday weekend  Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons She's one of the biggest rock stars on the planet Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'My days as a lingerie model'! Birthday girl Kelly Brook shows off her jaw-dropping figure in a throwback snap from 20 years ago as she turns 37 How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He won't have any problem paying Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at The Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good Sci-fi princess! Felicity Jones stuns in gossamer gown dotted with ancient symbols at Rogue One fan event in Mexico City Coffee-colored frock Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris Jenner rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Very affectionate Daring duo! The Veronicas sport matching sheer frocks at 2016 ARIA Awards... after giving a busty display performing In My Blood TOPLESS Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder are attached at the hip as they enjoy some holiday shopping in Beverly Hills Appeared very much in love Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing marijuana after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbors complained about him smoking drugs'  Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills Splashed some cash 'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital That's award-winning! Medal of Freedom recipients De Niro, Hanks and Diana Ross all strike a pose for the Mannequin Challenge at the White House   Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon says Planned Parenthood commits 'genocide' against black Americans Discussing life post-election Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Little left for imagination The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother who dissolved in tears as her son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Kardashian clan rush to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize screaming rapper' That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalized 'She's coming home!' Adele announces two huge gigs in London in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour after announcing plans to have another baby  American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' He apologized She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Stroll in NYC Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills The father and son duo went for a posh lunch What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Volunteering 'Thanks, America': Miley Cyrus loses teenager Darby Walker as two of her singers face elimination on The Voice Suffered two blows 'I've never tried cutting a bra before!' Prince Charles cracks a joke  at breast cancer charity event - before sharing a laugh with comedian Jennifer Saunders 'There wasn't a wardrobe malfunction': Young designer behind THAT Chrissy Teigen dress says the star wore it 'perfectly' Daring thigh high split Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) She comes from a family of talented musicians 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Always fashionable Intense new trailer for Martin Scorsese's Silence sees Andrew Garfield risk his life to rescue persecuted mentor Liam Neeson Quite the new look Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Longing for hot weather Off on a new adventure! Carefree Elsa Pataky shows off her natural beauty as she goes makeup free during a helicopter ride over the sea Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Looks every bit a model EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler announces she is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump Hot to trot! Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau Unusual attire 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex Newborn baby girl 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's upcoming sequel Cars 3 Red number 95 car voiced by Owen Wilson Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into London Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause Such a joker! 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Where are North and Saint? Kim and Kanye's kids 'are under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency Being taken care of Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who came to hospitalize the screaming rapper in cuffs' during episode  Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumors he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry Reports of a split The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Epitome of relaxation 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Adriana Lima insists she doesn't diet for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show because she's 'always ready' for the catwalk, as she reveals her top routines 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during interview Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer The struggle! Morning show star Rachael Ray, 48, 'has gained weight, is having night sweats and migraines during rough time with menopause' Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony As Chrissy Teigen and Rachel Hilbert hit the town in sky-high slits, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options to shop and reveals how to avoid wardrobe malfunctions Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' Celebrating the arrival of her little boy! Jenna Bush Hager and Savannah Guthrie flank Today's Dylan Dreyer during her baby shower Sweet celebration Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' Is she living with mom? Tommy Hilfiger insists 'any designer should be proud' to dress Melania Trump, after designer who dressed Michelle Obama claimed she would NEVER work with the future First Lady  So good she bought it twice! The Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in $1223 black cocktail dress she bought in red for Canada tour at charity ceremony Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Two contrasting worlds. Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash 'Baby and mom are doing great!': Bachelor stars Chris and Peyton Lambton welcome their first child together Chris shared the happy news on Instagram 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close-friend Kanye West hours after the rapper was taken for treatment  Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye is taken into a Los Angeles hospital  'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started mainlining with the Kardashians it was only a matter of time before he overdosed 'I wasn't surprised' 'I love when my kids need me': Kris Jenner talks about momager duty... as it's claimed daughter Kim Kardashian has moved back in with her Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere No pain, no gain: Reality star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Painful procedure  Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle in Los Angeles  Tommy Hilfiger, 65, and wife Dee Ocleppo, 46, dress to impress for the Angel Ball where Kris Jenner welled up in tears Hollywood's preppy pair A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of Ocean's Eight Wanted to be behind the action for a change  Ivanka Trump bundles up daughter Arabella and son Joseph as she takes them to school - but opts to brave the cold weather in just a chic skirt and blouse Ellen DeGeneres' entry to White House for Presidential Medal Of Freedom ceremony is delayed because she forgot to bring her ID Had to wait on a bench Boomer hits the red carpet! Michael Phelps's son joins his celebrity dad and mom Nicole at Golden Goggle Awards where the swimmer carried off the top prize  Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as kids beg them to be nice to during the holidays' 'I help make nice salads but I have no idea how to make a turkey!': Gisele Bundchen says she will ask for help when cooking Thanksgiving meal PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from her Game Of Thrones character as she joins A-list co-star Mel Gibson for filming in Dublin  'I'm very proud that I am all natural': Paris Hilton gets sexy for cover of Galore magazine as she insists she's never had plastic surgery 'It wasn't on my radar at all': Ben Stiller describes his shock at discovering 'aggressive' prostate cancer - and dealing with side effects after treatment 'We remain strong during this difficult time': RHONY star Jill Zarin reveals husband Bobby's cancer has returned Disease has spread  Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie The Birth Of A Nation because it's her 'reality'  Attacked 24 years ago Kim Kardashian 'likes' friend's Instagram post about being 'alive for a reason' and 'not giving up'... as husband Kanye is hospitalized after a 'psychotic breakdown' What emergency? Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian bring the glam to Angel Ball in two very racy dresses... as it emerges Kanye West has been hospitalised 'Mental illness isn't anything to mess with': Kanye West fans react to his shocking hospitalization as #PrayForKanye trends on Twitter 'It was one of the happiest time of my life!': Lauren Graham talks about the 'magical' Netflix revival, Gilmore Girls: A Year In the Life experience Tim Allen bashes 'hypocritical' Hollywood stars who criticized Donald Trump for being a bully - before doing the same thing to his supporters HBO releases 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls The whole cast will be back for the swan song,  'I apologize to anyone that I offended': Gigi Hadid speaks out about controversial Melania Trump impersonation during AMA hosting gig Used a fake accent That's one way to avoid being worst dressed! Bella Thorne and sister Dani strip down to their underwear after disastrous AMA outfits Bethenny Frankel's boyfriend Dennis Shields 'threatens her ex husband Jason Hoppy with harassment lawsuit after he sent couple 49 hostile emails' 'Hopefully you'll put them on and take them off shortly thereafter!' 50 Cent launches new men's underwear line  - including boxer-briefs for $150 Carrie Bradshaw would be impressed! Sarah Jessica Parker steps out in a fashion savvy outfit as she strolls around the West Village  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat The (fashion) force is with her! Felicity Jones, 33,cuts a ladylike figure as she attends Rogue One: A Star Wars Story photo call in Mexico Turned heads Can these lipsticks last through YOUR Thanksgiving? FEMAIL puts new 'long-wearing' formulas starting at just $6 to the test with impressive results 'He's on a mission to win her back': Scott Disick has 'cleaned up his act' in hopes to reunite with Kourtney 'for good' amid rumors duo are living together  After a job on SNL? Gigi Hadid showcases her karaoke prowess with a rendition of Popular from Wicked... after Melania Trump impersonation Charlize Theron shows fuller figure in loose maxi dress after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully She skipped the cosmetics 'I am truly honored to host the most prestigious award show in music': James Corden announced as presenter of the 2017 Grammys The Late Late Show star Taking the plunge! Kristin Chenoweth puts her cleavage on display in a green jumpsuit on The Tonight Show ahead of appearance in Hairspray Live Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during Caribbean tour  He is island-hopping in the Caribbean  Inside the wedding that changed the British monarchy forever: Rarely seen intimate photographs of Edward VIII's marriage to Wallis Simpson go on sale  Feeling nippy? Alessandra Ambrosio goes TOPLESS to promote swimwear line in sexy Instagram promo Jaw-dropping snap It's Keira Sprightly: Make-up free actress smiles on the arm of husband James Righton for stroll in London... after her stalker appears in court Chrissy Teigen apologizes for showing her 'hooha' on AMAs red carpet as she thanks laser hair removal specialist following wardrobe malfunction How to do the splits (and how NOT)! After Chrissy Teigan apologizes for flashing her 'hooha', here's our guide to wearing a dress with a slit  Kate Hudson looks downcast as she dines out in plunging sweater and thigh-high boots... after helping mother Goldie Hawn celebrate her 71st birthday Like A Virgin! James Corden seduces Anna Kendrick in hilarious bedroom skit before she recreates Lion King moment and 'gives birth' Their own take on film  Want to indulge in a Thanksgiving Day feast AND stay trim? FEMAIL details every exercise you need to do to burn off an average 5,000-calorie Turkey Day meal  'I went from 25 to 1.4 million followers - pretty cool!' Millie Bobby Brown, 12, dishes on her sudden rise to fame in Netflix's Stranger Things She plays Jane 'Eleven'  Emma Stone looks pretty as a picture in an elegant printed dress as she attends screening of romantic musical La La Land with Bradley Cooper  Dominic Cooper goes casual with girlfriend Ruth Negga as they sport his and hers padded jackets for low-key London stroll Winter attire  'I'm a 26-year-old woman!' Zoella defends her racy new image as she lounges on a bed in her underwear for photo shoot for Blogosphere magazine  Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown as she leads stars at the Animal Ball 2016 in London 'Everything is ruined because of Kanye': Kris Jenner stuns in sheer gown at Angel Ball... but 'spends most of night dealing with West's situation' Kris Jenner wells up with tears during tribute to late ex-husband Robert Kardashian at Angel Ball in NYC Broke down over late ex-husband 'It rivals that first year': Mother-of-eight Kate Gosselin, 41,  says having a house full of teenagers is as challenging as when the sextuplets were babies Kate Moss, 42,  flashes a coy smile as she steps out in London wearing a leopard print fur coat and skinny jeans for casual shopping spree Retail therapy  Ready for Christmas! Coco Austin has her daughter Chanel poses in a diamond necklace and red Santa dress for glamor shoot Looking ahead  Moonlight and American Honey lead the Independent Spirit Awards nominations... with Jackie and its star Natalie Portman also getting nods Pregnant! Bad Girls Club star Natalie Nunn is expecting her first child with husband Jacob Payne... one year after heartbreaking miscarriage A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list Both their films bombed 'Did Jennifer Aniston just mention "sex toys" in front of disabled children?': Actress stuns viewers as she suffers early evening gaffe on live British TV Having a ball! Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson cuddles up to girlfriend Claudia Traisac on a date night full of laughter at the LA Clippers game Forget about it! Niall Horan enjoys low-key evening out in LA with a mystery blonde... after THAT handshake with former 1D bandmate Zayn Malik Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her figure in a tiny two-piece on the beach in Dubai ahead of British reality TV debut  'I'm not dumb. I'm not a drug addict': Chloe Lattanzi hits out at haters in online rant... days after she moved away from mum Olivia Newton-John Peace y'all! Reese Witherspoon models a fun top as it's announced she's launched a media company to deliver female-driven content Victoria Beckham shares video of son Cruz singing Bieber ballad in the studio... as Justin praises his 'buddy' for 'great job' covering his track 'It looked like they're dating': Mariah Carey spotted 'hand in hand' with Bryan Tanaka... after 'spoon feeding' dancer in Los Angeles restaurant Awkward night for Harry as Antigua PM invites him and Meghan Markle for honeymoon, then hostess tries to drag red-faced Royal out for a dance Princess-in-waiting? Family of Meghan Markle share family album pictures of Prince Harry's girlfriend as a 14-year-old girl Never-before-seen pics Fourth time's a charm! Sarah Ferguson recycles her favourite orange gown as she joins daughter Princess Beatrice at star-studded charity ball in New York  Polished in plum! Queen Letizia of Spain wears purple accents as she joins husband King Felipe VI for a religious ceremony in Madrid 'I'm going to have another baby!' Adele reveals plans to expand her family with Simon Konecki as she closes her US tour with sold-out show in Phoenix 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot Stack it like Beckham! Brooklyn takes a terrific tumble as he shows off his skateboarding skills in central London  Didn't show much prowess on four wheels 'Didn't Madonna do this 20 years ago?' Swedish singer Tove Lo reveals she was 'shocked' when her sexually-charged short film was briefly banned by YouTube 'Big brother time right around the corner': Teresa Palmer shares sweet snap of her kissing her son Bodhi as she is due to give birth in a matter of weeks Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Taking a walk on the wild side! Queen Maxima looks lovely in leopard-print as she attends a royal engagement in the Netherlands  Is that a Christmas jumper, Queen Mathilde? Belgian royal looks festive as she reads to schoolchildren to celebrate the country's book week 'He wasn't young when I watched it': Peter Capaldi defends his more mature incarnation of Doctor Who  Some were critical  Leggy look! Toni Garrn shimmers in backless mini dress with cape sleeves at 2016 Angel Ball in NYC She wore her blonde hair in a ponytail Lily Donaldson shows off her endless legs in stunning scarlet gown with a thigh-high split as she struts down the red carpet at the Angel Ball in NYC Christina Milian oozes old Hollywood glamor in plunging gown with white fur shawl at star-studded NYC benefit Put on a busty display What a work-out! Former Miss International Sweden  Katarina Konow , 24, does SQUATS while lifting a man who weighs 13-stone Christmas come early? Lily-Rose Depp shops at Yves Saint-Laurent on Rodeo Drive with 'boyfriend' Ash Stymest Spotted sauntering down Rodeo Drive The perfect match! Ryan Lochte and former Playboy model fiancée Kayla Rae Reid sport matching sweaters as they step out for dinner Anna Faris 'fined $5000' after her rescue Chihuahua was found homeless and in bad shape She adopted the dog four years ago Elegant Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her svelte physique in a skintight navy dress as she attends Underworld photocall in Berlin Wowed in blue  George Harrison's only child Dhani to divorce former model  Solveig 'Sola' Karadottir after four years of marriage Filed for divorce in Los Angeles We can't stand losing it, but we're downsizing say couple who have put Sting's teenage home in North East England on the market for $323,000  Parents bought it in 1966 Commanding attention! Lily Collins works the red carpet in sexy thigh-high split shimmering gown for Rules Don't Apply premiere in LA 'Mummy, you did it!': Adele shares sweet snap of her welcome home from son Angelo... as she prepares to take '10 year break from touring' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in stark contrast to its modern glitz  402 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Recover Software Product Keys From Any Computer, Even a Broken One Do LED Light Bulbs Really Last 10 Years? How to Customize the Taskbar in Windows 10 How to Get Your Streaming Video to Stop Buffering So Darn Much Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek Your Mac’s Dictionary Is More Than Definitions: Here’s What You Can Search During the course of using your Mac, you’ve no doubt probably used the Dictionary application from time to time to look up a word, but did you know that the Apple Dictionary extends far beyond the Oxford English experience? The Apple Dictionary is sort of a jack-of-all-trades compendium of verbiage. It’s so much more than a means of looking up words in your particular language. Today let’s have a look at the many powers this deceptively simple application. Upon launching Dictionary, you can see its many skills right upfront. You can look up any word in the dictionary, thesaurus, Apple’s dictionary, Wikipedia, and any language you might enable in the preferences. Normally, when you search for a term, it will display All results in the order on the toolbar below the Search field (you can rearrange this order in the preferences). If you want to pare down your choice to one specific source, click to select it. For example, if you only want results from the dictionary, select “Dictionary” and so forth. For example, you can look up a word in the thesaurus, if you want to find different word to express yourself. You can also look up articles on Wikipedia without actually having to visit the site. This can come in handy when your kids might need to do research, but you don’t want them browsing the web endlessly (or when you’re just too lazy to open a new tab). Perhaps the neatest feature is the Apple Dictionary. Apple has invented and marketed an enormous number of unique features and terms over the course of its lifetime, using the Apple Dictionary, if you aren’t sure what something like Spotlight or Dashboard is, you can simply look it up. Okay so that highlights a few of the cooler Dictionary features. What about rearranging your current dictionaries or adding more? It’s simple to do this by accessing the Preferences from the “Dictionary” menu or pressing Command+, on your keyboard. To start, you can drag sources into your preferred order. So if you want to see Wikipedia results first, you can drag it to the top. When you select a dictionary to add or rearrange, make sure you check for any further options below it. In this case, we can add other Wikipedia languages. Additionally, Dictionary comes included with a bevy of foreign language dictionaries too. You can choose from German, Hindi, French, Turkish, and up to about a dozen more. Other languages might allow for English translations and even include a thesaurus, demonstrating just how comprehensive the Dictionary application is. Don’t forget, you can also use Spotlight to look up definitions. Simply type the word in the Spotlight field and then scroll to the definition in the resulting list. Obviously, the Apple Dictionary is more than just a simple way to look up words. Being able to add sources can really up your research game, while enabling foreign dictionaries can obviously help anyone looking to learn a new language or simply augment their existing language skill set. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (2 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Matt Klein is an aspiring Florida beach bum, displaced honorary Texan, and died-in-wool Ohio State Buckeye, who fancies himself a nerd-of-all-trades. His favorite topics might include operating systems, BBQ, roller skating, and trying to figure out how to explain quantum computers. Published 08/15/16 DID YOU KNOW? The term and concept of “tea parties” didn’t enter into the English culture and lexicon until the 1830s; the American historical event known as “The Boston Tea Party” (1773) was originally referred to as “The Destruction of the Tea.” BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Reset Your Windows Password Without an Install CD How to Use Wireshark to Capture, Filter and Inspect Packets 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Avoid Installing Junk Programs When Downloading Free Software How Artificial Intelligence Will Change Our Lives, for Better or Worse Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Install Windows 10 on Your PC Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Domino's Partners With Ready Pac To Launch Salads Nationwide by Domino's Pizza Posted: Monday, August 15, 2016 at 3:41PM EDT section> ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Domino's Pizza (NYSE: DPZ) the recognized world leader in pizza delivery, is bringing pizza and salad lovers to the same table. Domino's is now delivering salads nationwide, because sometimes, there's that one person who only wants a salad on pizza night. "Now everybody can be happy on pizza night," said Joe Jordan, chief marketing officer at Domino's. "There's no shame in wanting salad when everyone else wants pizza, especially now that Domino's has found a perfect way to offer even more options for customers across the country. The new Chicken Apple Pecan option might even lure a few pizza lovers over to the salad side!" The prepackaged salads are now available in three varieties: Classic Garden, Chicken Caesar and the new Chicken Apple Pecan. Domino's has teamed up with fresh foods innovator Ready Pac Foods, so that stores nationwide can deliver a delicious salad option to customers looking to keep everyone happy, making Domino's the largest national pizza chain to deliver salads.  "We are thrilled that our salads are now available for Domino's customers in every store," said Tristan Simpson, chief marketing officer at Ready Pac Foods. "Everyone who loves pizza night can now breathe a deep sigh of relief, and enjoy Domino's Classic Garden Salad with that slice of pizza." Domino's salads are now available for $5.99 each when you pair them with any of Domino's mix and match menu items, which also include medium two-topping pizzas, Specialty Chicken, eight-piece chicken (wings or boneless), Stuffed Cheesy Breads, sandwiches, pastas and Marbled Cookie Brownie. With all this choice, no one can veto pizza night. About Domino's Pizza® Founded in 1960, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery, with a significant business in carryout pizza. It ranks among the world's top public restaurant brands with a global enterprise of more than 12,900 stores in over 80 markets. Domino's had global retail sales of over $9.9 billion in 2015, with more than $4.8 billion in the U.S. and nearly $5.1 billion internationally. In the second quarter of 2016, Domino's had global retail sales of over $2.4 billion, with nearly $1.2 billion in the U.S. and over $1.2 billion internationally. Its system is comprised of independent franchise owners who accounted for over 97% of Domino's stores as of the second quarter of 2016. Emphasis on technology innovation helped Domino's generate over 50% of U.S. sales from digital channels at the end of 2015, and an estimated $4.7 billion annually in global digital sales. Domino's features an ordering app lineup that covers nearly 95% of the U.S. smartphone market and recently introduced several innovative ordering platforms, including Zero-click Ordering, Samsung Smart TV®, Apple Watch and Amazon Echo, as well as Twitter and text message using a pizza emoji. In late 2015, Domino's announced the design and launch of the DXP®, a purpose-built pizza delivery vehicle, as well as its first digital customer loyalty program. Order – dominos.com   AnyWare Ordering – anyware.dominos.com  Company Info – biz.dominos.com  Twitter – twitter.com/dominos   Facebook – facebook.com/dominos   Instagram – instagram.com/dominos  YouTube – youtube.com/dominos About Ready Pac Foods Home of the original Bistro Bowl® complete meal salad, Southern California-based Ready Pac Foods has been giving people the freedom to eat healthier for more than 45 years as a premier producer of convenience fresh foods and fresh cut produce. With processing facilities throughout the United States, Ready Pac Foods manufactures a complete range of products featuring fresh produce and protein under the company's Bistro®, Ready Snax®, Cool Cuts® and elevĀte™ brands. Offerings include fresh-cut salads, fruits, vegetables, snacking and complete meals distributed where consumers buy groceries and in restaurant chains across North America. For more information, visit www.readypac.com. Source: Domino's Pizza Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology What Tim Cook says about Apple's future Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Who is Nikki Haley, Trump's pick for ambassador to the UN? Were native Americans raising turkeys long before the first Thanksgiving? Solo climber sets new record conquering Yosemite's El Capitan Iran to US: honor nuclear deal, or else The Apple chief executive reiterated the company's mission while also acknowledging his foray into social issues, in an interview with The Washington Post. By Max Lewontin, Staff August 15, 2016 Save for later Saved Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook speaks during an event at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., in March. Mr. Cook reflected on his five-year tenure as Apple head in a Washington Post interview, addressing his own focus on social issues. Stephen Lam/Reuters/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Five years after he took over from Steve Jobs, Apple's chief executive Tim Cook is looking both forward and backward. In a lengthy interview with The Washington Post, Mr. Cook pointed to the company’s increasing involvement in social issues such as user privacy and environmental concerns while reiterating Apple’s focus on making “insanely great products that really change the world in some way – enrich people’s lives.” Apple’s dominance in the smartphone market, he told the Post, is a “privilege, not a problem,” rejecting some analysts’ questions about whether Apple would have to do more to compete with other tech firms amid declining iPhone sales in recent months. Recommended: Think you know Steve Jobs? Take our quiz! "I'm not saying we're not going to do anything else," he said, when asked what creations might follow the smartphone. "I'm saying this is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years. So I would not want anybody to think this, oh, this 'better days are behind us' thing," he said. Test your knowledge Think you know Steve Jobs? Take our quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the day 11/22 But in stepping into the shoes of Mr. Jobs, long regarded as the company's public face, Cook has found himself steering the company at a time when tech firms are increasingly acting as lightning rods, making stands in debates that extend well beyond their own products. While the Apple head has taken a strong position in favor of users’ privacy, standing up to objections from law enforcement officials, for example, he has also rejected questions about the company’s overseas taxes that have provoked debates in the US and Europe. “I don’t think five years ago we would even imagine these issues, a lot more has come to the forefront and a lot of these companies have to address them,” says Tuong Nguyen, an analyst at the research firm Gartner who covers Apple, particularly noting the tech firm's stance on privacy. From a technology standpoint, Mr. Nguyen tells The Christian Science Monitor, “it’s a different world today than it was five years ago. Five years ago we were much closer to the beginning of the smartphone era, whereas now everyone who wants a smartphone has one, for the most part, and any type of driver of innovation has to be on top of that.” The increasing amount of users' information contained in many smartphones has both enhanced the capabilities of artificial intelligence-driven features, such as Apple's Siri personal assistant, and given rise to privacy concerns. Asked about the growing focus on artificial intelligence among many tech firms, Cook told the Post that the growing capabilities of Siri demonstrated the company was far from being “behind.” “Increasingly, Siri understands things obviously without having to memorize certain ways to say things. The prediction of Siri is going way up. What we’ve done with AI is focus on things that will help the customer,” he said, noting that the personal assistant would enable a user to use their voice to order a ride from services such as Uber and Lyft, for example. Some researchers said the tech firm's adoption of so-called "differential privacy" with Siri and other products that make use of customers' data could be a step in answering questions about how that information is protected. "An algorithm is differentially private if any individual's data makes only a minuscule difference to its result," explains Anna Lysyanskaya, a professor of computer science at Brown University, in an email to the Monitor. "So what Cook is saying is that, even though they are using data from their users in order to learn how to improve their products, your data's contribution is going to be minuscule: their algorithms will reach essentially the same conclusions whether or not they use your private data." "This is great news for consumer privacy," Professor Lysyanskaya adds. "Apple is an industry leader, and if Apple is doing this, hopefully other companies will follow." Beyond its existing technologies, Cook also dropped vague hints about possible new directions for Apple in the interview. “The future of TV is apps,” he told the Post, noting that Apple had continued its focus on services by producing content to go along with its Apple Music service, including streaming radio. Augmented reality, Cook added, is “sort of a core technology,” though he declined to provide further details of how the company would use the technology. Dodging US taxes? But on other issues, he seemed to return to familiar stances for the tech firm. Income inequality and corporations' role in creating it continues to remain a prominent issue in the presidential campaign, but Cook brushed aside criticism of Apple’s tax practices. Apple has said almost two-thirds of its $31 billion in global profits for 2011 were generated in Ireland. The claim sparked an investigation in Europe into whether the company received a “sweetheart deal” with the Irish government that allowed it to avoid paying US taxes. “It’s not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. It doesn’t go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are,” Cook told the Post, noting that Apple’s actions were not illegal and that the company would likely bring the money back to the US if Congress revamped corporate tax rates. The company's stance has sparked a variety of criticism. The economist Joseph Stiglitz, who has advised Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, recently called Apple’s claim of significant earnings from its small Irish business a “fraud,” a comment that the Post asked Cook about. Personal privacy While the Apple head didn't stray far from the tech giant's frequent talking points, Mr. Nguyen, the Gartner analyst, says the company's growing focus on the services embedded in its products could mark a new chapter in its ongoing philosophy.  Siri, for example, may increasingly represent a balance between aiding its users and maintaining their privacy. "If you hired a personal assistant, if they knew all these things about you, would that be creepy? I think [Apple's] messaging is, they’re being fairly careful with it, but I don’t know if there is a really good or elegant way around it because more personalization means knowing more about you," he says. Siri’s voice-driven features, for example, could function as a way to integrate the many different apps that people make use of in different locations, from their homes to their cars. “I think that’s the direction they’re trying to head in, to really have more meaning for your life,” he says. Next up Test your knowledge Think you know Steve Jobs? Take our quiz! First Look Apple slowly improving diversity: How do other tech companies compare? How Apple could make money without the iPhone Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Hillary Clinton lost the white women's vote For jihadists, Trump election brings a change in strategy As US pulls back from Pacific trade deal, countries look to China As Trump's AG, how might Sessions crack down on recreational marijuana? The Trump voters you don't know Popular Now Why Hillary Clinton lost the white women's vote First Look Spacecraft Fire Experiment-II seeks to answer a burning question First Look New Zealand reef, raised by massive quake, provides new insights (+video) 7 recipes for green bean casserole Trump Foundation admits to self-dealing: What does that mean?   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the day 11/22 Latest News First Look Who is Nikki Haley, Trump's pick for ambassador to the UN? Doing Good The internet of things: a way small firms can use it Movies 'Manchester by the Sea' is true to intricacies of family strife Movies 'Nocturnal Animals' has a sadistic edge that is punitive Movies 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' has too much of a good thing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Warren Buffett loaded up on more Apple shares in the second quarter Akin Oyedele Aug. 15, 2016, 4:18 PM 5,096 facebook linkedin twitter email print Leon Halip/Getty Images Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought more Apple shares in the second quarter, according to its latest form 13F filing. The regulatory filing showed that the company bought 5.42 million Apple shares to bring its tally to 15.2 million, valuing its stake in the tech giant at $1.46 billion. Berkshire sold 15 million Walmart shares, dropping its stake by 27%, to a holding worth $2.94 billion, the 13F showed. The company also reduced its stakes in the farming equipment giant Deere and Suncor Energy. Kraft Heinz remained Berkshire's biggest holding, making up 22% of Warren Buffett's company's holdings, according to Bloomberg. Wells Fargo, Coca-Cola, IBM, and American Express were the other top holdings, and no additional shares were bought or sold. Large investment firms, including hedge funds, are required to disclose their long positions in stocks every quarter. Because of a time lag, they may have exited or changed the positions they list in the filings. SEE ALSO: WARREN BUFFETT: Despite the threat of nuclear weapons, the luckiest person in history is an American child right now NOW WATCH: It’s surreal to watch this 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump about a presidential run Loading video... More: Berkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Warren Buffett loaded up on more Apple shares in the second quarter Warren Buffett loaded up on more Apple shares in the second quarter Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought more... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 34 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Social media service trying to launch app on set-top box. Post to Facebook Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Social media service trying to launch app on set-top box.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2bv3c4N {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Brett Molina and Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 10:41 p.m. EDT August 15, 2016 Twitter's San Francisco headquarters (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images) Twitter is thinking visual, and investors agree: Shares of Twitter surged 7% Monday following a report the social media service is readying a version of its app for the Apple TV set-top box. Twitter is looking to Apple TV to bolster its plans for live streaming sporting events, specifically Thursday-night football games secured as part of a deal with the National Football League, reports The New York Times. Announced in April, the deal with the NFL was considered a big win for Twitter. The company reportedly beat out Amazon, Facebook and Yahoo. The deal allows Twitter to stream all 10 Thursday Night Football games during the upcoming NFL season. The games will be free to watch, and viewers won't need to authenticate a cable subscription to gain access. A deal with Apple could open the door to a much wider audience, says S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler. "Such a partnership would make sense for both companies, as Twitter looks for more distribution and engagement and Apple looks for more differentiated content," says Kessler. The report sent Twitter shares to $20.87 per share. Both Apple and Twitter declined to comment. Investors continue to place pressure on Twitter to show stronger gains in both revenue and its user base. During its fiscal second quarter, Twitter reported 313 million average monthly active users, up only 3% year-over-year. To help draw more users, Twitter is making a push toward streaming more sports content. Last month, Twitter reached a deal with the NBA for two weekly broadcasts, including a pre-game show. USA TODAY Twitter, NBA ink deal on livestreaming shows Twitter users got a taste of the live experience in July when it rolled out a stream of ESPN coverage from the Wimbledon tennis tournament. The left side of the screen featured a live video player, while a column along the right side displayed a stream of tweets related to the event. USA TODAY Twitter goes Live with Wimbledon stream The emphasis on live streaming is a calculated bet to reverse Twitter's flagging fortunes and flat user growth to help establish it as an Internet destination. Twitter faces withering assaults from competitors on all flanks. Facebook and Google are squeezing it for advertising dollars while image-heavy apps such as Snapchat and Instagram are drawing younger consumers. A presence on Apple TV — coupled with live-streaming deals with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the NHL and others — could make the micro-blogging service more appealing to a younger demographic and, possibly, advertisers, analysts say. "To spike user growth, Twitter needs to go where it is strong, like live events," says Holger Mueller, principal analyst at Constellation Research. "Expanding to another Apple platform would be huge." Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. 34 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bv3c4N
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 Apple Watch 2 wish list: Fix the basics, double down on fitness tracking Zac Hall - 3 months ago @apollozac Apple Watch Apple Watch Series 2 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While we’re all looking forward to seeing new iPhones next month, it’s also possible we’ll get our first look at the second generation Apple Watch during the same Apple event. I still love my Apple Watch, but it’s just plain old in fast-paced technology terms. Apple introduced the current Apple Watch almost two years ago at its September 2014 event where we also saw the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Remember all the hype? Then Apple gave the Apple Watch stage time once again at its March 2015 event before releasing it the following month. This year Apple could either update the Apple Watch soon or go into the holiday quarter with the same Apple Watch as last year. I’ve considered the window closed for buying the current Apple Watch for a while now so I’m hoping we see an upgraded Apple Watch 2 in a few weeks. After more than a year with the first generation Apple Watch, there are plenty of improvements I’d love to see as well. While battery life was widely expected to be an issue for Apple Watch before it was released, most users had no trouble getting through a day and a half on a single charge. Instead, speed has been an issue that has defined the first generation Apple Watch. It’s often faster to pull out your iPhone and launch an app than it is on the Apple Watch from your wrist. watchOS 3 makes a lot of progress with your most used apps, but the first generation hardware still presents the loading screen way too often on apps that you haven’t opened recently. While the gains made by watchOS 3 are really impressive, it will take new hardware to speed up the whole experience. More processing power should make using apps more practical. Basic system functions like using Siri should also see improvements. Apple Watch doesn’t need to be as fast as the iPhone it’s paired with, but it shouldn’t feel like the iPhone 3GS either. Speed, or lack thereof, is the biggest reason I don’t recommend people buy the current Apple Watch even though I get a lot of utility from mine. So far Apple Watch 2 sounds like a revision of the internals of Apple Watch 1 without an external makeover and I’m OK with that. You could make Apple Watch much thinner or totally change the way it looks, but it makes sense to optimize performance with the current design before tackling broader changes. That being said, there are a few hardware improvements I’d like to see in this update. Compared to traditional watches, Apple Watch is really sub par as a timepiece in direct sunlight. The glass on Apple Watch Sport isn’t as scratch resistant as the sapphire cover on stainless steel Apple Watches, but it’s somewhat more legible in bright environments. I’d love to see Apple improve this situation on both versions though. Other changes that are possible while keeping the current design including making the Taptic Engine stronger and making the embedded speaker louder. I’d prefer to mute my Apple Watch a lot of time, but I often miss taps for alerts on the current model. The current speaker could also benefit from a volume boost. I don’t expect it to match the iPhone speaker as it’s smaller, but it’s usually impractical to use Apple Watch for phone calls using the current speaker. A louder speaker could also make playing music or podcasts from Apple Watch (something you can’t currently do) more reasonable. Finally, I hope (and expect) that Apple Watch 2 maintains band compatibility with current Apple Watch bands. The connector makes changing Apple Watch bands very easy and a lot of people have a growing collection of bands already. Apple could get a lot of mileage out of the current connector too. It’s much thinner than the current Apple Watch and only defines how wide future models need to be. If design did change, I could live with a thinner overall casing. From the side view, Apple Watch can look stubby compared to its bands, although by general watch standards it’s not ridiculously fat. There’s also a gap between the glass and the display that you can clearly see from an angle or in direct sunlight that I would love to see go away. The OLED screen generally makes the display look terrific in most lighting, but you occasionally see the layers clearly. iPhones and iPads have gotten really good at removing the air gap and Apple Watch has that same opportunity. And a nit-picky detail: the side button. I really like the Digital Crown, but the side button below it is just ugly to me. It looks too much like the side button on an iPhone, only it’s actually slimmer on the iPhone than on the Apple Watch. I would prefer no side button visually, but watchOS 3 upgrades the side button’s functionality with the new Dock feature and SOS emergency calling so I don’t imagine it’s going anywhere. Still, I hope Apple Watch 2 features a more attractive side button. I really want to see stronger water-proofing fit for swim tracking. Apple Watch is more water-resistant than iPhones — Apple even instructs you to run the Digital Crown under warm water to clean it — but I wouldn’t recommend anyone go for a long swim or subject it to high-pressure contact with water. Some version of sleep tracking would also be nice, although charging nightly makes this a tricky problem to solve until battery life gets much longer and charging gets even faster. Aside from sleep tracking, I generally want to see more sensors added. Sensors that I’m not even aware of yet but ones that would track more aspects of my health and change my behavior the way the current model has done for me. Generally, if Apple Watch 2 does exactly what Apple Watch 1 does, but more reliably and faster, it’ll be a hit for me. Other rumored features so far have included an embedded GPS, cellular connectivity, and a possible FaceTime camera. On price, I hope Apple maintains the $50 drop on Sport models. Apple Watch Sport started out at $349 and $399 for 38mm and 42mm models, respectively, then dropped to $299 and $349 earlier this year. Note that at the time stainless steel Apple Watch models did not see an official price drop from their $549 and up prices. Personally, there’s enough utility from the Apple Watch that I wear mine every day. Activity tracking and alerts keep me hooked, and watchOS 3 is a positive step in the right direction. Refreshed hardware should only improve the experience for me so I’m already planning on upgrading as soon as possible. Ultimately this decision could change based on what the new lineup looks like, but I’m also planning on only buying the Sport model and not the stainless steel model this time around. I spent $700 last time and have no regrets, but the Sport model is said to have a better Taptic Engine and the non-sapphire glass is more legible in direct sunlight so I’m happy to save a few hundred dollars this time. I spend more time with the Sport and Woven Nylon bands than the stainless steel-matched leather Classic Buckle strap anyway, and I could always take the stainless steel first-gen model out for fancier occasions without losing activity tracking since switching between multiple watches is possible now. A recent report that Apple could introduce a spec-bumped Apple Watch 1 alongside new models is especially interesting compared to what Apple has done in the past with other products. It won’t be for me, but it could mean a lot more people take a look at Apple Watch if the price is right. So while Apple’s expected September event is fairly referenced as the new iPhone event (based on product revenue and interest), I’m anxiously anticipating what changes we see in the Apple Watch lineup and how they’ll benefit me. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide Apple Watch Series 2 (Late 2016) Apple's first major hardware upgrade for Apple Watch. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 macOS 10.12 Sierra beta 6 hits the Mac App Store for developers Zac Hall - 3 months ago @apollozac macOS Sierra macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple today released the sixth developer preview of macOS Sierra since showing off the software update for the Mac at WWDC 2016. The latest release is available now through the Mac App Store. macOS Sierra’s headlining feature is Siri on the Mac with other features like Auto-Unlock which lets Apple Watch users skip the password login screen. Apple Pay is also coming to Safari with macOS Sierra, although we haven’t seen the feature live on the web yet. Testing macOS Sierra currently requires a promo code for registered developers that you redeem through the Mac App Store. If you’re already testing macOS Sierra, you should see the updated version in the Updates section on your Mac. If you’re just jumping in to macOS Sierra testing with beta 6, head to Apple’s developer page to find the promo code associated with your account. We’ll update with any notable changes found in macOS Sierra beta 6, and catch up on our macOS 10.12 coverage below for all the details: Apple announces macOS Sierra at WWDC with Apple Pay, Auto Unlock, Universal Clipboard and more Apple announces macOS Sierra will ship in the fall, developer beta today, public beta in July Hands-on: New features in macOS Sierra [Video] Top 10 WWDC 2016 features from iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 [Video + Poll] Download iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 Sierra wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac macOS Sierra beta lets Mac users rearrange third-party menu bar extras How-To: Enable Picture-in-Picture for YouTube videos in macOS Sierra macOS Sierra Preview Roundup: Mac catching up with iPhone & iPad, but many iOS 10 features are missing macOS 10.12 Sierra beta 2 for developers hits the Mac App Store Hands-on with Auto Unlock in macOS Sierra beta 2 [Video] Apple has also been previewing macOS Sierra through its public beta program, which typically sees updates a couple of days after developers although later betas are often released together. Also give us a shout on Twitter @9to5mac, email us at tips@9to5mac.com, or shout in the comments below with anything interesting you discover! H/T @rxcs Guides macOS Sierra View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Twitter shares up on talk of Apple TV deal USA TODAY 8/15/2016 Brett Molina, and Jon Swartz © Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Twitter's San Francisco headquarters Shares of Twitter surged 7% Monday following a report the social media service is readying a version of its app for the Apple TV set-top box. Twitter is looking to Apple TV to bolster its plans for live streaming sporting events, specifically Thursday night football games secured as part of a deal with the National Football League, reports The New York Times. Announced in April, the deal with the NFL was considered a big win for Twitter. The company reportedly beat out Amazon, Facebook and Yahoo. The deal allows Twitter to stream all 10 Thursday Night Football games during the upcoming NFL season. The games will be free to watch, and viewers won't need to authenticate a cable subscription to gain access. A deal with Apple could open the door to a much wider audience, says S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler. "Such a partnership would make sense for both companies, as Twitter looks for more distribution and engagement and Apple looks for more differentiated content," says Kessler. The report sent Twitter shares to $20.86 per share. Apple had no comment. Twitter was not immediately available for comment. Investors continue to place pressure on Twitter to show stronger gains in both revenue and its user base. During its fiscal second quarter, Twitter reported 313 million average monthly active users, up only 3% year-over-year. To help draw more users, Twitter is making a push toward streaming more sports content. Last month, Twitter reached a deal with the NBA for two weekly broadcasts, including a pre-game show. Twitter users got a taste of the live experience in July when it rolled out a stream of ESPN coverage from the Wimbledon tennis tournament. The left side of the screen featured a live video player, while a column along the right side displayed a stream of tweets related to the event. The emphasis on live streaming is a calculated bet to reverse Twitter's flagging fortunes and flat user growth to help establish it as an Internet destination. Twitter faces withering assaults from competitors on all flanks. Facebook and Google are squeezing it for advertising dollars while image-heavy apps such as Snapchat and Instagram are drawing younger consumers. A presence on Apple TV — coupled with live-streaming deals with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the NHL and others — could make the micro-blogging service more appealing to a younger demographic and advertisers, analysts say. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY America has healed before — or have we? USA TODAY Teacher unions smarting after many members vote for Trump USA TODAY Thanksgiving getaway day: So far, so good USA TODAY Trump backs off waterboarding USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Apple Tim Cook Reveals How Apple Is Searching for the Next Steve Jobs Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Apple Tim Cook Reveals How Apple Is Searching for the Next Steve Jobs After five years in charge of Apple, Cook reflects on his tenure in a rare interview. by Maya KosoffAugust 15, 2016 3:42 pm Email Facebook Twitter Left, from The Washington Post, right, by Justin Sullivan, both from Getty Images. On August 24, 2011, as Steve Jobs’s health declined, a then 50-year-old Tim Cook stepped up to fill the Apple C.E.O.’s shoes. Now, nearly five years later, the chief executive of the notoriously press-shy tech company has given a lengthy interview to The Washington Post, touching on everything from succeeding Jobs as C.E.O. to the company’s highly publicized battle with the F.B.I. earlier this year. The interview is sprawling, and though Cook refuses to discuss certain topics—namely the existence of Apple’s secret car project—the nearly-10,000 words he does say give rare insight into how he runs the world’s most valuable company. “It’s sort of a lonely job,” Cook said. “The adage that it’s lonely—the C.E.O. job is lonely—is accurate in a lot of ways.” Jobs, who died of cancer months after Cook took over, was considered a visionary for his work at the company. On his first day at the job, Cook sent a memo to Apple’s employees: “I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change.” And in many ways, Apple hasn’t, for better or for worse. Since taking over, “the obvious things are we have more employees in the company,” Cook explained. “The company is four times larger [by revenue since 2010]. We’ve broadened the iPhone lineup. That was a really key decision, and I think a good one. We’ve gone into the Apple Watch business, which has gotten us into wellness and in health. We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us. Lots of core technology work has been done.” Before Jobs’s untimely death, Cook himself was convinced that the iconic co-founder wouldn’t actually disappear. “I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did,” he adds. “To me, Steve’s not replaceable. By anyone. [Voice softens] He was an original of a species. I never viewed that was my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. When I first took the job as C.E.O., I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve.” Cook’s tenure as C.E.O. has not been controversy, creating enormous value for shareholders even as Apple has arguably become less innovative. Over the course of the past five years, Cook has managed to double Apple’s stock price, maintaining the company’s sky-high market cap and placating hungry investors. But Apple has also offered fewer and fewer of the “One more thing” moments that came to define the Jobs era. While Cook has overseen a number of improvements to Apple’s product line, the company hasn’t created any new, innovative product categories, like the iPhone or iPad, with the exception of the Apple Watch—which wasn’t the breakthrough critics hoped. The criticism hasn’t always been easy for Cook, who says he was surprised that the press paid as much attention to him as it had to Jobs. “You’re both praised and criticized, and the extremes are wide—very wide. And that can happen all in a day,” he told The Washington Post, describing how the scrutiny forced him to develop a thick skin. But it’s also made him highly aware of how his words and actions are parsed in public. Cook, who inherited his role from Jobs quickly and soon found himself on his own, is already thinking about a succession plan for when his time as Apple C.E.O. comes to an end. “At the end of every board meeting, I discuss succession with the board because I might step off the wrong curb or something. We have the good discipline to do that,” Cook said. “Then my role is to make sure that the board has great candidates to pick from internally. And I take that role extremely seriously. Look around at the great people I get to work with—there’s some really just superb talent in the company.” Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Donald Trump Was Reportedly Desperate to Attend Chelsea Clinton’s WeddingBY EMILY JANE FOX Scott Walker Activates National Guard as Chaos Continues in MilwaukeeBY TINA NGUYEN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > DT Daily > Tweet that TD: Twitter scores deal to stream… Tweet that TD: Twitter scores deal to stream Thursday night NFL games By Bill Roberson — August 15, 2016 12:05 PM Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends ‘Flexible’ Apple iPad with OLED screen in 2018? As we count down the days to the next big Apple event next month, more rumors, this time about future iPads, have popped up. According to 9 to 5 Mac, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at Taiwan-based KGI Securities, who has a very strong record of accuracy when it comes to what Apple is up to, says Tim Cook and team are about to reshuffle the iPad lineup. New models may include a 12.9-inch iPad Pro “2”, a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, and a new, low-cost 9.7 inch iPad. But the really interesting prediction is that Apple may introduce a flexible iPad with an OLED screen in 2018. Along with those features, Kuo predicts the 2018 models will have a radical redesign, including big changes to the user interface. Will all these predictions come to pass? Maybe, maybe not, but 2018 just got a bit more exciting. Colorful new OS under development at Google? What’s going on over at Google? Some fishing around in GitHub and elsewhere has turned up code that appears to be the basis of a new operating system, dubbed Fuchsia. And no, this isn’t the next version of Android, either, it’s something completely new, and by the looks of it, a ways away from being complete. According to Hacker News, two guys who worked on BeOS and other operating systems are involved, and speculation about what Fuchsia may be for range from an OS for Internet of Things devices, to a mashup of Android and Chrome operating systems. Google said they have no comment about it right now, so we’ll keep an eye on it for you. Twitter’s NFL deal brings Thursday Night Lights to your phone It’s mid-August and for many people, that’s when their football itch starts to get really… itchy. Well, Twitter is going to help you scratch that itch this year, with a deal in place to livestream 10 NFL Thursday night games. The first game you can twitter stream will be the September 15th contest between the Bills and Jets, and there is some chatter that Apple TV users might be able to stream the games on their TVs using the Twitter app. But… we’ll see. What the NFL/Twitter streaming experience will look like exactly is still a bit unclear, but the New York Times offered up a rendering, which clearly shows the ability to tweet away during game time, of course. Twitter is also reportedly in talks with Major League Soccer (MLS) and the PGA for even more sporting event streaming down the line.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 34 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Social media service trying to launch app on set-top box. Post to Facebook Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Social media service trying to launch app on set-top box.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2bv3c4N {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Twitter shares surge 7% on talk of Apple TV deal Brett Molina and Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 10:41 p.m. EDT August 15, 2016 Twitter's San Francisco headquarters (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images) Twitter is thinking visual, and investors agree: Shares of Twitter surged 7% Monday following a report the social media service is readying a version of its app for the Apple TV set-top box. Twitter is looking to Apple TV to bolster its plans for live streaming sporting events, specifically Thursday-night football games secured as part of a deal with the National Football League, reports The New York Times. Announced in April, the deal with the NFL was considered a big win for Twitter. The company reportedly beat out Amazon, Facebook and Yahoo. The deal allows Twitter to stream all 10 Thursday Night Football games during the upcoming NFL season. The games will be free to watch, and viewers won't need to authenticate a cable subscription to gain access. A deal with Apple could open the door to a much wider audience, says S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler. "Such a partnership would make sense for both companies, as Twitter looks for more distribution and engagement and Apple looks for more differentiated content," says Kessler. The report sent Twitter shares to $20.87 per share. Both Apple and Twitter declined to comment. Investors continue to place pressure on Twitter to show stronger gains in both revenue and its user base. During its fiscal second quarter, Twitter reported 313 million average monthly active users, up only 3% year-over-year. To help draw more users, Twitter is making a push toward streaming more sports content. Last month, Twitter reached a deal with the NBA for two weekly broadcasts, including a pre-game show. USA TODAY Twitter, NBA ink deal on livestreaming shows Twitter users got a taste of the live experience in July when it rolled out a stream of ESPN coverage from the Wimbledon tennis tournament. The left side of the screen featured a live video player, while a column along the right side displayed a stream of tweets related to the event. USA TODAY Twitter goes Live with Wimbledon stream The emphasis on live streaming is a calculated bet to reverse Twitter's flagging fortunes and flat user growth to help establish it as an Internet destination. Twitter faces withering assaults from competitors on all flanks. Facebook and Google are squeezing it for advertising dollars while image-heavy apps such as Snapchat and Instagram are drawing younger consumers. A presence on Apple TV — coupled with live-streaming deals with the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, the NHL and others — could make the micro-blogging service more appealing to a younger demographic and, possibly, advertisers, analysts say. "To spike user growth, Twitter needs to go where it is strong, like live events," says Holger Mueller, principal analyst at Constellation Research. "Expanding to another Apple platform would be huge." Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. 34 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bv3c4N
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 44 mins S&P 500 2,202.31 -0.63 (-0.03%) Dow 30 19,067.56 43.69 (0.23%) Here's Why Twitter (TWTR) Stock Is Gaining Today Ryan McQueeney ZacksAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Shares of Twitter TWTR are up over 6.6% Monday after reports claimed that the social network was in talks with Apple AAPL to launch an application for streaming National Football League games on Apple TV. Back in April, the NFL announced that the league granted Twitter the rights to stream 10 Thursday Night Football games during the 2016 season. Twitter paid about $10 million for the games and beat out other bidders including Facebook FB, Amazon AMZN, and Verizon VZ. (Also Read: Will Thursday Night NFL Streaming Help Twitter Stock?) The deal with the NFL was the first in what would become a trend for Twitter. The embattled social media company has since signed streaming deals with the National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball, and the National Hockey League, among others. Twitter’s sports streaming push is yet another effort by the company to boost its subscriber numbers and get users to interact with the site more deeply. The idea is that sports fans already go to Twitter for content related to live games, so using Twitter to actually watch those games isn’t that big of a leap. "This is about transforming the fan experience with football. People watch NFL games with Twitter today," Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey said following the NFL deal. "Now they'll be able to watch right on Twitter Thursday nights." Of course, a deal with Apple TV would greatly increase Twitter’s visibility and it tackles a couple of potential problems. For one, users are unfamiliar with Twitter’s streaming platform and may not look to a social media site for live coverage like that. On the other hand, Apple TV is built for viewing audiences and would be an “easier” place to watch for some. As far as today’s trading activity goes, it might be an overreaction to the news. A new app for 10 NFL games on Apple TV isn’t the saving grace that Twitter needs. However, it IS a step in the right direction. At this point, it seems like investors are going to react positively to any signs that Twitter and its executives are actively looking to try new things and offer new services. Heading into the week, shares of TWTR were down about 15% on the year, and the company desperately needs a revival. For analysis on Twitter’s latest earnings report and other important earnings-related news, check out this episode of the Zacks Friday Finish Line podcast:  Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   VERIZON COMM (VZ): Free Stock Analysis Report   APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report   TWITTER INC (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Raptors officially file protest over controversial loss to Kings Ball Don't Lie Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down BGR News Saturday Night Live’s Colin Jost Criticized for Trans-Insensitive Weekend Update Joke Vulture Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Business Insider Vin Scully appears in greatest photo of all time at White House Big League Stew American consumers seem pretty excited about Donald Trump Yahoo Finance The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Deere hits all time high, Eli Lilly sinks to 2-year low, Urban Outfitters falls on miss Yahoo Finance Raiders, Patriots have identical records, so why is Oakland AFC's No. 1 seed now? Shutdown Corner Camporeale: State of U.S. GDP Looks Pretty Good Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance How to buy a new HDTV without getting ripped off Yahoo Finance NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Dr Pepper just paid $1.7 billion for a little-known brand that's a threat to Coke and Pepsi Business Insider Dancing with the Stars Crowns Laurie Hernandez as Its Season 23 Mirrorball Trophy Winner People Trump Picks Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador Bloomberg Video Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Janet: He should have condemned them long before now. I'm somewhat relieved that he finally did it. He still has a long, long way to go before I'll call him my president. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 772 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider NFL legend Jim Kelly's story of triumph and tragedy Yahoo Finance Turkey fryers have caused $5.2 million in damage since 2004 Yahoo Finance Important ‘Little People, Big World’ Employee Gets Deported to Mexico Superfan TV Deere hits another all-time high CNBC Videos All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Microsoft is finally bringing Solitaire to the iPhone Business Insider How to win at Black Friday shopping on Amazon Yahoo Finance Americans have changed their attitudes about cars — and it's a boon for the auto industry Business Insider MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider The New Rules of Retirement Planning Consumer Reports This viral email from General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis about being 'too busy to read' is a must-read Business Insider Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Sports on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in 0 Mail Sports Home Fantasy NFL NCAAF MLB NBA THE VERTICAL MMA NHL NASCAR Soccer NCAAB Esports Golf Tennis Rivals Boxing Cycling WNBA Horse Racing NCAAW Shop Help Fantasy Football on Yahoo Top waiver wire pickups for NFL Week 12 Apple (AAPL) in Talks to Feature Twitter (TWTR) App on Apple TV, Report Says David Oliver U.S.News & World ReportAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share The early bird catches the Apple (AAPL)? That's reportedly the narrative between Apple and Twitter (TWTR), as sources tell The New York Times that the companies are discussing an Apple TV-Twitter partnership. This partnership would feature the Twitter app on Apple TV, giving Apple TV users the ability to stream NFL games. Both companies didn't offer comments to The New York Times. Twitter's move for live-streaming rights wasn't cheap, clocking in at approximately $10 million for 10 Thursday night NFL games this season, reports TheStreet. This kind of partnership would be a boon for Twitter, as its general purpose is often the subject of mockery on its own platform. This was illustrated recently when the hashtag #SaveTwitter surfaced, and didn't seem as outrageous as one might've thought several years ago. The company's rally from its co-founder Jack Dorsey's return as CEO in October 2015 didn't last, and it's struggling to grow its user base and keep people interested in its product. It's also been the subject of much ridicule for its abuse problems. As for Apple, this buzz could help distract from what could be a less-than-exciting fall presentation. Twitter's stock is up about 7.6 percent as of Monday afternoon, while Apple's is up about 1 percent. 8 Stocks to Buy For a Starter Portfolio 13 Stocks to Buy to Bet on China More From US News & World Report 8 Stocks to Buy For a Starter Portfolio 13 Stocks to Buy to Bet on China The 10 Best Ways to Buy Tech Stocks Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down BGR News Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Business Insider Saturday Night Live’s Colin Jost Criticized for Trans-Insensitive Weekend Update Joke Vulture Apple faces decade of uncertainty after next year’s iPhone MarketWatch The Latest: Trump offers Housing secretary job to Ben Carson Associated Press Milwaukee Bucks name 'Mike McCarthy' to front office, Packers fans have all the jokes Shutdown Corner NFL Knockout Picks: Week 12 Yahoo Sports Videos As stars depart, NASCAR navigates a future of change From The Marbles NFL Week 11 cheerleaders Yahoo Sports Britain to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as ambassador Reuters SportsFlash - NHL reveals new Las Vegas franchise name Yahoo Sports Videos Frank Gore is legendary without a legend Yahoo Sports Week 12 RB rankings: Welcome back Melvin Gordon Roto Arcade Week 12 Fantasy Football wide receiver rankings: Thankful for Odell Beckham Roto Arcade NFL Week 10 cheerleaders Yahoo Sports Facebook builds censorship tool to attain China re-entry - NYT Reuters Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Janet: He should have condemned them long before now. I'm somewhat relieved that he finally did it. He still has a long, long way to go before I'll call him my president. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 772 Fantasy Flames & Lames - Week 12 Yahoo Sports Videos Stunning loss at Fort Wayne reveals what issues Indiana must fix The Dagger Week 12 Fantasy Football rankings: Stacking every position Roto Arcade Week 12 fantasy QB rankings: Marcus Mariota to keep rolling Roto Arcade Best images of NFL Week 10 Yahoo Sports US NBCUniversal doubles stake in BuzzFeed with $200 million investment Reuters College Football Playoff Rankings - Week 12 Yahoo Sports Videos Pickups of the Week: Wendell Smallwood, Tyler Boyd are priority fantasy adds Roto Arcade Report: Concerned over falling ratings, NFL considering ways to speed up game Shutdown Corner Week 12 Fantasy Football tight end rankings: Greg Olsen vs. generous Oakland Roto Arcade Conor McGregor makes history at UFC 205 Yahoo Sports US Thailand seeks to tighten cyber security, raising questions about privacy protection Reuters NFL Fantasy - DFS Thanksgiving Special Yahoo Sports Videos Ralph Branca, 'Shot Heard 'Round the World' pitcher, dies at 90 Big League Stew From bad blood to 'ice in their veins': Nick Young, D'Angelo Russell star in an L.A. Lakers love story Ball Don't Lie Fantasy defense rankings: Who to trust in Week 12 Roto Arcade Yahoo Sports - NBC Sports Network, Stats LLC, Opta. All Rights Reserved Help Suggestions Privacy About our Ads Terms
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos FORMER APPLE ENGINEER: Secrecy at Apple helps some people 'maintain an empire' Kif Leswing15 August 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Notice: Array to string conversion in /home/sites/www.businessinsider.com/releases/20160816203036/classes/Util/Posts.php on line 494 Tim CookMore (Getty) A former Apple engineer told Fast Company that Apple may be going too far with its corporate focus on secrecy, and that some people inside the company perpetuate that secrecy to make themselves seem more important. Bob Messerschmidt worked at Apple from 2010 to 2013 after it bought his startup, Rare Light, which did research on heart rate sensors. He was at Apple when the company was transitioning from Steve Jobs' leadership to the Tim Cook as CEO era.  "It's definitely not the same place" as it was when Jobs was CEO, he writes.  "There is really a contingent at Apple that has resorted to the tools of secrecy," says Messerschmidt, who now runs a biotech startup called Cor. Jobs wanted secrecy so his keynote announcements would garner as much attention as possible. But now some people at Apple are using secrecy to win internal battles, he says.  "There’s definitely a contingent at Apple that wants secrecy because it helps them maintain an empire, in a sense. It helps them create a sense that they’re doing more important things that they really are," writes Messerschmidt.  "We’ve always viewed that people love surprises. We don’t have enough anymore in our lives," Cook said recently in response to a question about secrecy. Messerschmidt led the development of the heart rate sensor on the Apple Watch — and according to Cook, sensors are the "holy grail" of what the Apple Watch is capable of. He first joined Apple when it bought his startup in 2010.  Not all of his recommendations were received warmly inside of Apple.  Apparently, he wanted the Apple Watch heart sensors to rest on the underside of a user's wrist, for example, because that's how to get the most accurate reading. Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive's industrial design team told him no, because that's not how people wear watches.  "We had to listen to them. They are the voice of the user. There’s the whole field of Industrial Design that focuses on the use case, the user experience," Messerschmidt wrote. The entire piece is a refreshingly honest look at what a former Apple engineer thinks of his old workplace--> NOW WATCH: Elon Musk just unveiled Tesla's 'top secret' master plan — here are the details More From Business Insider Tim Cook just admitted Apple is working on a new computing platform Apple CEO Tim Cook calls Warren Buffett, Lloyd Blankfein, and Bill Clinton for advice Apple has a funny way of naming its holding companies Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair http://www.hindustantimes.com/ Here’s What Saif Ali Khan Upto To Welcome Baby Khan! Business of Cinema Modi government has lost credibility, says Mamata IANS India Private Limited Don’t Expect PM Modi To Get On To The Back Foot Now; Ganesha Foresees More Key Changes GaneshaSpeaks.com Sanjay Dutt's BIOPIC Team- Ranbir, Raju Hirani & Manyata Dutt IANS India Private Limited 17 Male Actors Who Had to Totally Change Their Weight for Movies Eat This, Not That! 5 'T's to Remember While Brushing Teeth Before Bedtime Practo Guess What Happened When Salman & Vivek Landed Up At Shah Rukh's House Together Spotboye Govt scared to allow adjournment motion: Rahul Gandhi IANS India Private Limited Photos: Salman Khan Meets His Onscreen Son After Nine Years On Bigg Boss 10! Business of Cinema Akshay Kumar's Toilet-Ek Prem Katha: Godman declares Rs 1 crore reward for chopping off director's tongue International Business Times Suyyash Rai And Kishwer Merchant's Pre-Wedding Shoot Is Completely Magical Bollywoodshaadis.com Malaika REACTS on her link-up rumor with Arjun Kapoor IANS India Private Limited Geeta Phogat Refused Aamir Khan’s Wedding Gift, So Here’s What He Did! Business of Cinema Help Privacy Suggestions Terms

CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Twitter’s NFL live streams may appear on Apple TV this autumn Eric Abent - Aug 15, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit We know that Twitter has been selected by the NFL to host a number of Thursday Night Football games once the season is in full swing, but those live streams might be available on more than just your computer or smartphone. As it turns out, Twitter is reportedly in talks with Apple to bring its app to Apple TV in time for the football season to begin, potentially opening up the live stream to those who would prefer to watch the games on more conventional devices. The rumor was hidden in a longer New York Times article highlighting Twitter’s attempts to break into the streaming business and make itself more of a mainstream destination on the web. Apparently, The New York Times spoke to two anonymous sources who were briefed on the issue, but when both companies were pressed, neither said anything about such talks. Even though the two are being silent about the rumor, it would make some degree of sense for Twitter to convince Apple to let its app onto Apple TV and give it some form of visibility as we head into the NFL season. Exposing the streams to more viewers could help Twitter gain more of an in with its network partners, who are still trying to gauge what a relationship with Twitter could entail, according to CBS News President David Rhodes. “We, as a television news organization, and the social media platforms are sort of sizing each other up, trying to figure out what the relationship is going to be,” Rhodes told The New York Times, “Are they distributors? Are they promotional platforms? Are they creators in their own right?” Twitter’s NFL deal is just one part of a multi-faceted streaming strategy. Twitter gave us a glimpse of what its live streaming platform could look like when it partnered to host Wimbledon and the national conventions from both the Democrats and Republicans last month. The NFL isn’t the only sports partner Twitter has managed to woo, either, as deals with the NHL and MLB were recently announced as well. We should be seeing if there’s any truth to this rumor fairly soon, so stay tuned. SOURCE: The New York Times Tags Appleapple tvlive streamingrumorTwitter Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 How to stream the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 live Nov 23, 2016 Rocket League Game of the Year Edition drives onto PS4 and PC Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 FORMER APPLE ENGINEER: Secrecy at Apple helps some people 'maintain an empire' Kif Leswing Aug. 15, 2016, 3:04 PM 3,139 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty A former Apple engineer told Fast Company that Apple may be going too far with its corporate focus on secrecy, and that some people inside the company perpetuate that secrecy to make themselves seem more important. Bob Messerschmidt worked at Apple from 2010 to 2013 after it bought his startup, Rare Light, which did research on heart rate sensors. He was at Apple when the company was transitioning from Steve Jobs' leadership to the Tim Cook as CEO era.  "It's definitely not the same place" as it was when Jobs was CEO, he writes.  "There is really a contingent at Apple that has resorted to the tools of secrecy," says Messerschmidt, who now runs a biotech startup called Cor. Jobs wanted secrecy so his keynote announcements would garner as much attention as possible. But now some people at Apple are using secrecy to win internal battles, he says.  "There’s definitely a contingent at Apple that wants secrecy because it helps them maintain an empire, in a sense. It helps them create a sense that they’re doing more important things that they really are," writes Messerschmidt.  "We’ve always viewed that people love surprises. We don’t have enough anymore in our lives," Cook said recently in response to a question about secrecy. Messerschmidt led the development of the heart rate sensor on the Apple Watch — and according to Cook, sensors are the "holy grail" of what the Apple Watch is capable of. He first joined Apple when it bought his startup in 2010.  Not all of his recommendations were received warmly inside of Apple.  Apparently, he wanted the Apple Watch heart sensors to rest on the underside of a user's wrist, for example, because that's how to get the most accurate reading. Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive's industrial design team told him no, because that's not how people wear watches.  "We had to listen to them. They are the voice of the user. There’s the whole field of Industrial Design that focuses on the use case, the user experience," Messerschmidt wrote. The entire piece is a refreshingly honest look at what a former Apple engineer thinks of his old workplace--> SEE ALSO: Apple's secrecy obsession is a problem AND: What happens when an Apple executive decides he wants to hire you NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Cor Apple Watch Life at Apple facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru FORMER APPLE ENGINEER: Secrecy at Apple helps some people 'maintain an empire' FORMER APPLE ENGINEER: Secrecy at Apple helps some people 'maintain an empire' A former Apple engineer told Fast... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Lake County updated: 8/15/2016 5:52 PM Authorities: Two more out-of-state people target Deer Park Apple store Las Vegas residents arrested in Deer Park Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Jeri E. Duncan   Gregory J. Ganci   Lee Filas Follow @lfilasDH     Two more out-of-state residents have been charged with stealing from the Apple Store in Deer Park, authorities said Monday. Gregory J. Ganci, 50, and Jeri E. Duncan, 36, both from Las Vegas, face counts of theft, possession of stolen property, and possession of drug paraphernalia, said Lake County Sheriff's Det. Chris Covelli. Duncan also faces one count of possession of a controlled substance after being found with heroin, Covelli said. Officers were called to the Deer Park Apple Store at 20530 N. Rand Road at 3:06 p.m. Saturday for a report of suspicious people who matched the description of two people who committed thefts at Apple stores in Schaumburg and Oak Brook, Covelli said. Sheriff's deputies went to the store and found the two sitting in a vehicle, Covelli said. Sheriff deputies made contact with them and found two stolen Apple drones in their vehicle, Covelli said. The investigation determined they have been involved in other Apple Store thefts throughout the United States, Covelli said. Duncan is being held in Lake County jail on $10,000 bail and is due back in court Aug. 24. Ganci is being held in the Lake County jail on $75,000 bail and is due back in court Aug. 19. Duncan and Ganci are the latest out-of-state residents arrested since mid-July for attempting to steal items from the Deer Park Apple Store, Covelli said. There is no connection between the latest arrests and the arrests of seven New Yorkers who were operating a burglary ring, he said. However, the New York crew and the two from Las Vegas have been specifically targeting Apple Stores across the nation, Covelli said. "The sheriff's office will continue working closely with officials from Apple Loss Prevention to identify and arrest thieves targeting Apple Stores in our area," Covelli said. Tweet This article filed under: News Deer Park Crime Lake County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1336, 05 Sep 16 #1335, 29 Aug 16 #1334, 22 Aug 16 #1333, 15 Aug 16 #1332, 08 Aug 16 #1331, 01 Aug 16 #1330, 25 Jul 16 #1329, 18 Jul 16 #1328, 11 Jul 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Alfred 3.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.28 and Office 2011 14.7 Hazel 4.0.8 Slack for Mac 2.3.2 Postbox 5.0.7 ChronoSync 4.7.1 1Password 6.5.1 Pixelmator 3.6 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1     Published in TidBITS 1332. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases iOS 9.3.4 with a Single Security Fix 1Password Introduces Individual Subscriptions Apple Reports on its 2016 Diversity Efforts Kagi Shuts Down After Falling Prey to Fraud TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 8 August 2016 ExtraBITS for 8 August 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Entertainment | 02 Aug 2016 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (10) Apple Overhauls the Apple TV Remote App by Josh Centers When the fourth-generation Apple TV was released, many were dumbfounded that the Remote app for iOS didn’t work with it. Weeks later, the app was updated to support the new model, but it lacked key features like Siri support. Now, Apple has released a new app, called Apple TV Remote, that emulates the physical Siri Remote. The new Apple TV Remote app is much simpler than its predecessor. For instance, it no longer connects to iTunes libraries, only second- through fourth-generation Apple TVs. It’s also an iPhone-only app; while it will run on the iPad, it’s not optimized for the larger screen. However, the previous app, now renamed iTunes Remote, remains in the App Store, and it can connect to iTunes libraries, as well as second- through fourth-generation Apple TVs. Setting up the Apple TV Remote app is also easier; you no longer have to dig through a menu on the Apple TV to connect it. Open the Apple TV Remote app, select your Apple TV, and then enter the PIN displayed on your TV screen. The app’s interface is basically the same as the Siri Remote, with a touchpad and buttons for Menu, Play/Pause, Menu, and Siri. As with the Siri Remote, you can tap the edges of the touchpad while watching video to skip 10 seconds, or hold the edges to rewind and fast-forward. If your receiver supports HDMI-CEC, you can control its volume with the iPhone’s volume buttons, per Apple’s support document about the app. Notably, it adds support for controlling the fourth-generation Apple TV via Siri. In my testing, using it with Siri worked well, but the app causes the iPhone to vibrate when you hold down the Siri button, which is disconcerting. The Apple TV Remote app also includes some contextual controls. While video is playing, ten-second skip buttons appear to the left and right of the Play/Pause button. A Details link appears in the upper right — tapping that brings up a screen where you can control media directly. There, you can scrub the video’s timeline, as well as rewind, play/pause, and fast-forward. Oddly, controls like these don’t appear when playing songs from Apple Music. Highlighting a text field brings up a keyboard, which you can dismiss by tapping Done in the upper left. Bring it back again with the keyboard button at the top of the screen. This part of the app is a little buggy. Sometimes the icon remains even after I’ve left a text field, and sometimes it doesn’t appear when I access one. The most interesting aspect of the Apple TV Remote app is that it doubles as a game controller. When you launch a game, a game controller button appears at the top of the screen. Tap it to reveal a landscape-oriented game controller, with a touchpad on the left and control buttons on the right. Just as with the Siri Remote, you can move the iPhone around in space to play motion-controlled games. (Don’t drop it!) Overall, the Apple TV Remote app is an essential download for all owners of the fourth-generation Apple TV, and it’s much better suited for the device than the previous app. It’s a little disappointing that Apple didn’t extend its capabilities beyond what’s possible in the Siri Remote, with features like dedicated music controls and an iPad-specific version. But that gives us something to look forward to! Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Take Control of Apple TV Whether you're considering an Apple TV or you already have one, you can fully master Apple's living room device with this ultimate guide by TidBITS managing editor Josh Centers. You'll learn how to set it up and use it to watch movies and TV shows, play music, display photo slideshows, give presentations, and access all manner of apps on the big screen.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Overhauls the Apple TV Remote App (Comments are closed.) Zoran Nesic  2016-08-03 19:43 About pairing, it seems that if you have paired the old app with your Apple TV, the new app will not require you to enter the code. At least that's how it worked with my setup: iPhone SE and 3rd gen Apple TV. Josh Centers   2016-08-04 10:45 I have iTunes Remote paired with my third-generation Apple TV, via Home Sharing, but that Apple TV doesn't even appear in the device list in the new app. Curtis Wilcox   2016-08-14 08:57 Do you have the 2012 3rd gen or the 2013 3rd gen? There was a slight hardware update to the 3rd gen. Apple TV in early 2013 that enabled features like peer-to-peer AirPlay. Perhaps that hardware difference also enables the new Remote app to work with it. http://www.everymac.com/systems/apple/apple-tv/specs/apple-tv-3rd-generation-early-2013-specs.html Mike  2016-08-03 20:52 The article says that the new Apple TV remote app only connects to the 4th gen Apple TV. However, it works fine with my 3rd gen Apple TV (without Siri functionality, of course) in addition to the 4th gen. It's easy to switch between devices from within the app. Josh Centers   2016-08-04 10:43 I tested this last night, and could not get the Apple TV Remote app to pair with my third-generation Apple TV. How did you do it? Mike  2016-08-05 06:15 When I opened the app for the first time, the 3rd-gen Apple TV just appeared in the Device list. I didn't have to do anything to make it work. Oddly, my 4th-gen Apple TV did not appear in the Device list at first. (Perhaps because it was sleeping, but then so was the 3rd-gen at the time.) After waking the 4th-gen, it just appeared in the Device list, so I can now switch between them just like I could in the old Remote app. Tommy Weir  2016-08-04 11:18 I can't get it to see my Third Gen AppleTV. I did wonder whether it was because the AppleTV is connected via Ethernet to the router and not via WiFi. This setup doesn't prevent the old Remote app from working with the AppleTV so at a loss here. Zoran Nesic  2016-08-04 11:26 I have the same setup - Apple TV connected via Ethernet to the Wi-Fi router - and the new app just worked. Josh Centers   2016-08-05 10:51 Editor's note: I originally stated that the app doesn't control volume on HDMI-CEC devices. Per a new Apple support document, that's not true: it does so via the iPhone's volume buttons. The document specifies HDMI-CEC receivers and not TVs, but I imagine that it would work with any HDMI-CEC output. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204989 Andrew Malis  2016-08-09 10:36 It works fine with my 3rd Gen Apple TV. Make sure that your phone is connected via WiFi to the same network that your Apple TV is on. This is true whether the Apple TV is itself using WiFI or Ethernet. If WiFI is turned off on the phone, then the remote can't work.  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple seeds macOS 10.12 beta 6 to developers Apple seeds macOS 10.12 beta 6 to developers August 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Along with other betas going out today, Apple has seeded its sixth beta of macOS 10.12 to developers. MacOS 10.12 Sierra packs some relatively major features such as Auto Unlock via Apple Watch, Apple Pay via iPhone, and Siri finally makes it debut on the Mac. The update is currently now available for developers only.  It’s not recommended to install this beta unless you’re an actual developer as there’s no reverting back without data loss. Those with access to the macOS developer or public beta can download the update now in the Mac App Store. Tags: iMac, Mac, Mac Mini, Mac Pro, MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, macOS, macOS 10.12, macOS 10.12 beta, macOS 10.12 beta 6, macOS Sierra About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds tvOS 10 beta 6 to developers Jony Ive’s design team shot down idea of having sensors in Apple Watch bands → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Worst Mistake Apple Inc. Investors Can Make Right Now Don’t let negative headlines about iPhone sales overshadow its growth potential as an income investment. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Aug 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have fallen 7% over the past 12 months due to ongoing concerns about its slowing hardware sales and lack of game-changing new products. The bearish thesis usually consists of three main arguments: Sales of iPhones, iPads, and Macs are all declining year-over-year, services (14% of its revenue last quarter) aren't growing fast enough, and Apple's long-term road map is unclear. While those are all valid points, the worst mistake Apple investors can make today is to sell on those weaknesses without considering its income-generating potential. Let's take a closer look at Apple's dividend and why its yield could keep growing over the next few years. Image source: Apple. Apple's dividend history Apple paid a dividend in the late 1980s and early 1990s, but those payments were halted in 1996 as its free cash flow plunged to negative levels. Apple brought back the dividend in 2012, presumably to allay concerns about its growth following the death of Steve Jobs in 2011. Apple has hiked that payout every subsequent year with an average annual increase of about 11%. Its most recent hike boosted the quarterly payout by nearly 10% to $0.57 per share, which equals a forward annual yield of 2.1%. Over the past 12 months, Apple spent 24% of its $50 billion in free cash flow (FCF) on dividend payments. Other tech giants pay higher dividend yields but generally have higher payout ratios. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) pays a forward yield of 2.5%, but it spent 44% of its FCF on dividends over the past year. IBM (NYSE:IBM) has a forward yield of 3.5%, but its dividend gobbled up 36% of its FCF during the same period. This means that Apple has a lot more room to raise its dividend to "mature" tech stock levels. How much could Apple's dividend grow? If Apple spent 40% of its FCF on dividends, it could boost its yield to 3.5% -- which would be much higher than the S&P 500's average yield of 2% and attract more income investors. That yield, along with its current P/E of 13 (which is lower than the industry average of 17), would also set a firmer floor under the stock price. However, the naysayers will likely note that Apple's FCF has actually been declining since peaking in the second half of 2015. This was caused by slower hardware sales and higher spending on R&D and acquisitions. Image source: YCharts. Since those trends are widely expected to continue, Apple's FCF will likely decline further over the next few quarters. This has raised concerns that Apple could be doomed to repeat its mistakes of the early 1990s, when it killed its cash flow by spending billions on R&D and investments without creating bankable products. That's why Apple discontinued its original dividend, and why the company only recovered after Steve Jobs returned as its interim CEO in 1997. Don't forget about its overseas cash But this time around, Apple has a lot more cash than meets the eye. It holds $18 billion in cash and equivalent domestically, but about $215 billion remains overseas. The company refuses to repatriate that cash to the U.S. to fund buybacks and dividends, since it would be hit with a corporate tax rate of at least 35%. Instead, Apple prefers to utilize low interest rates and fund buybacks with debt. If the U.S. lowers its corporate tax rate after this election cycle, Apple might bring that cash back home. That game-changing move would dramatically bolster its ability to repurchase stock, raise dividends, and acquire domestic companies without worrying about its cash flow. Think of Apple as an income investment Many long-term Apple investors might want to sell the stock because its iPhone-fueled growth cycle is coming to an end. Analysts expect Apple's revenue and earnings to respectively fall 8% and 10% this year, so the stock won't likely deliver comparable returns as previous years. But before you sell, make sure you don't overlook Apple's ongoing evolution into a dividend-growth stock. If you do, you might give up a stable income stock -- a sound defensive holding for volatile markets. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Aug 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.96 down $0.84 (-0.75%) IBM NYSE:IBM $161.89 down $0.78 (-0.48%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.31 down $0.81 (-1.32%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 7 Off to a Decent, Not Great Start Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump could punish Hillary Clinton with kindness National Party News — 2m 52s ago Trump Jr. holds private talks on Syria with pro-Russia figure: report National Security — 4m 46s ago Left's new argument: Hillary didn't lose Cybersecurity — 17m 29s ago 'Face the Nation' wins November ratings race Media — 21m 58s ago Rural healthcare access at risk Healthcare — 24m 52s ago Memo to GOP lawmakers: It’s time to work for the people Economy & Budget — 29m 51s ago Dem senator: Kate McKinnon told me to ‘stay strong’ after Trump win In The Know — 36m 22s ago Tom Cotton slams Facebook's reported China censorship tool Technology — 39m 26s ago view all Apple CEO consulted Bill Clinton before testimony By David McCabe - 08/15/16 09:45 AM EDT   © Getty Images Apple chief executive Tim Cook consulted former President Bill ClintonBill Clinton'Hamilton' cast's duel with Pence sets mark for transition Graham: Trump should investigate Clinton Foundation Dems consider co-chairs to lead DNC MORE before testifying for the first time on Capitol Hill, he said in a Washington Post interview published this weekend. In 2013, Cook testified before the Senate’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations about allegations that Apple was dodging its taxes through complex legal maneuvers. Lawmakers were specifically concerned with Apple’s alleged use of foreign subsidiaries to lessen its tax bill. ADVERTISEMENT Cook told the newspaper that before he spoke with the committee he consulted a variety of people, including Clinton, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and Laurene Powell, the widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs. “I called up President Clinton,” he said. “He knows a lot about the politics. I’d not met him through a political connection. I’d met him through the foundation.” After he left office, Clinton launched a large global foundation, the Clinton Foundation, which works on a wide range of issue. Cook supports a reform of the corporate tax code and said that he thought action on the issue was possible in 2017 — when a new presidential administration will be in office. “I think there’s wide agreement to that in both parties, by the way,” he said. “There’s a difference of view with different people about how to fix it, but I think everybody agrees the current system isn’t working. So I’m optimistic that, in 2017, there will be some sort of corporate tax reform.” Cook has worked to more aggressively position Apple in Washington since taking over as its top executive. This year the company opted not to donate to the Republican National Convention because of controversial statements made by its presidential nominee, Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump could punish Hillary Clinton with kindness Trump Jr. holds private talks on Syria with pro-Russia figure: report Left's new argument: Hillary didn't lose MORE. But Cook also reportedly hosted a fundraiser for Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanTrump eyes House members for Cabinet jobs Trump’s new weapon? The bully pulpit Trump voices confidence on infrastructure plan MORE (R-Wis.) and donated to the campaign of vulnerable Republican Sen. Rob PortmanRob PortmanGOP debates going big on tax reform Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at Pelosi’s challenger Battle for the Senate: Top of ticket dominates MORE (Ohio). Openly gay, Cook has also been personally outspoken on civil rights issues, particularly lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender causes. Tags Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, Rob Portman, Paul Ryan   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Robert De Niro changes tune on... Actor tells The Hill he's "waiting and hoping" to see how Trump leads. 1,274 Shares 2 Judge blocks Obama overtime rule,... The rule backed by Obama would overtime pay to more than 4 million workers... 727 Shares 3 Clinton's popular vote lead breaks... Clinton now has 64,223,958 votes to Trump's 62,206,395, despite Trump's... 382 Shares 4 Trump eyes House members for... Here are the House members who could land a job with the president-elect. 359 Shares 5 Ben Carson hints he will accept... Carson is in the running to lead the Department of Housing and Urban... 339 Shares 6 Haley an 'easy pick' for Trump “It was a pretty easy pick, I think, for the president-elect,” Trump... 285 Shares 7 Feds want ‘driver mode’ for... A federal safety agency is aiming to curb distracted driving. 271 Shares 8 Left's new argument: Hillary didn'... Disgruntled Dems and even some researchers argue the election might have... 233 Shares 9 Report: Presidential electors... A number of Democratic Electoral College electors are planning to use... 171 Shares 10 Report: Trump building project... A stalled building project in Argentina bearing President-Elect Donald... 136 Shares 11 Activists urge Clinton camp to... The group is urging Clinton to call for a recount in Wisconsin, Michigan... 116 Shares 12 No, Trump did not win 'fair and... OPINION | This is not simply liberal sour grapes. 110 Shares 13 Mark Cuban quietly meets with... The pair met at a bar in New York City Tuesday afternoon. 106 Shares 14 Fla. charity paid Bannon, other... Bannon accepted more than $375,000 over a four-year period from a tax-... 87 Shares 15 Trump’s new weapon? The bully... Starting on Jan. 20, Trump will be in control of the most powerful force... 87 Shares 16 Elton John not playing at Trump's... A rep for John denies claim from Trump adviser that singer will perform at... 84 Shares 17 Trump peddles $149 MAGA Christmas... The ornament is “made of brass and finished in 14 karat gold.” 78 Shares 18 Naked and proud: Media tripling... OPINION | Media continues to shun any pretense of neutrality post-election 77 Shares 19 Trump: I don't want to 'energize'... "It's not a group I want to energize. And if they are energized, I want to... 75 Shares 20 Potential Trump Cabinet pick... Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, one of Donald Trump's potential... 74 Shares 21 Euphemistic 'alt-right' can turn... OPINION | Republicans' need to reach out to minorities greater than ever. 68 Shares 22 Trump aide: Elton John will play... John has not confirmed whether he will perform at the Jan. 20 event in... 66 Shares 23 Scarborough: Obama came in as ‘... "You want to come in like Ronald Reagan, where people underestimate you." 63 Shares 24 Attacks on Steve Bannon prove the... OPINION | Bannon deserves the opportunity to help Trump achieve agenda 61 Shares 25 The biggest victim under a... OPINION | The next four years will test the resiliency of the country and... 56 Shares 26 Alt-right leader says he's '... He said Trump needs people like him "to actualize the populism that fueled... 52 Shares 27 Pelosi challenger endorsed by... Rep. Tim Ryan's (D-Ohio) challenge to Pelosi now has three public... 52 Shares 28 GOP debates going big on tax reform Republican lawmakers are divided over one of their biggest priorities. 51 Shares 29 Washington Republican proposes... “Fear, intimidation and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us NEWS 2 accused of stealing drones from Apple Store in Deer Park Email share share tweet email WLS Gregory J. Ganci, 50, (left) and Jeri E. Duncan, 36, (right), both of Las Vegas. (Lake County Sheriff's Office) WLS Monday, August 15, 2016 DEER PARK, Ill. (WLS) -- Two Las Vegas residents are accused of stealing two drones from the Apple Store in north suburban Deer Park, according to the Lake County Sheriff's Office. Gregory J. Ganci, 50, and Jeri E. Duncan, 36, are charged with two counts of theft/possession of stolen property in connection with the thefts. They are also suspected in other Apple Store thefts throughout the United States, Lake County officials said. At about 3 p.m. Saturday, deputies were called to the Deer Park store, located at 20530 North Rand Road, for a report of two suspicious people. Apple told the deputies that the two individuals also matched the description of people who stole from Apple Stores in Schaumburg and Oak Brook. Deputies located Ganci and Duncan in a vehicle, where they also found two stolen Apple drones. Duncan was also in possession of heroin, according to the sheriff's office. In addition to the theft charges, she was charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia. Duncan was ordered held in lieu of $10,000 bail. Ganci was also charged with possession of drug paraphernalia and ordered held in lieu of $75,000 bail. Related Topics: newstheftappledronesSchaumburgOak Brook Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD Wayne State Police Officer in 'Very Grave' Condition After Shooting Judge denies Fenwick appeal; Plainfield winner of semifinal game Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley More News Top Stories Judge denies Fenwick appeal; Plainfield winner of semifinal game 2 children hurt, 2 teens wounded in Brighton Park shooting O'Hare lines moving well for Thanksgiving travelers Illinois state trooper hurt in I-57 crash Trump taps Gov. Nikki Haley for ambassador to UN Muslim volunteers give 5,000 turkeys to Chicago families Verizon to host Rolling Meadows hiring event Show More Man charged in Naperville, Niles CVS robberies 'Dancing with the Stars' crowns Laurie Hernandez as Season 23 winner What are the hardest cities to live in during the winter? Investment dating creates gray area for law enforcement FBI issues warning ahead of Thanksgiving parades, shopping More News Photos 2 hurt in Brighton Park chain-reaction crash 6 arrested after boy, 14, shot in Highland Park PHOTOS: Hospital asks for public's help to identify patient PHOTOS: Half of Oprah's former Chicago condo sells for $3.5M More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Review: Spark lights up machine learning More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Security Software All Software Browsers Desktop Software Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile Android IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Eye on Open By Jim Lynch star Thought Leader |Follow Will Google replace Android with Fuchsia? Also in today's open source roundup: Is it wrong to run Microsoft software in Linux? And DistroWatch reviews Zenwalk Linux 8.0 InfoWorld | Aug 15, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Google’s new Fuchsia OS may take over the IoT Is Linux Mint 18 the best desktop operating system? Which Android problems annoy you the most? Video Hands-On with the Galaxy S6 Edge+ Will Google replace Android with Fuchsia? Android is one of the most widely used operating systems in the world. But never let it be said that Google is content to rest on past achievements. The company has been hard at work on a new operating system call Fuchsia, and some are wondering if it will eventually replace Android. Corbin Davenport reports for Android Police: Enter “Fuchsia.” Google’s own description for it on the project’s GitHub page is simply, “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)”. Not very revealing, is it? When you begin to dig deeper into Fuchsia’s documentation, everything starts to make a little more sense. First, there’s the Magenta kernel based on the ‘LittleKernel’ project. Just like with Linux and Android, the Magenta kernel powers the larger Fuchsia operating system. Magenta is being designed as a competitor to commercial embedded OSes, such as FreeRTOS or ThreadX. It looks like Google is using Flutter for the user interface, as well as Dart as the primary programming language. The icing on the cake is Escher, a renderer that supports light diffusion, soft shadows, and other visual effects, with OpenGL or Vulkan under the hood. Shadows and subtle color reflections are a key component of Material Design, so it seems Flutter and Escher could be designed for the Material Design UI in mind. So, why? Why is Google quietly developing a brand new OS and kernel, with support for smartphones and PCs, possibly built with Material Design in mind? The most obvious guess, and the most exciting, is that Google hopes to one day replace Chrome OS and Android with Fuchsia. But perhaps Google will treat Fuchsia like Samsung treats Tizen OS; a lightweight OS used on hardware not suited for full-blown Android. Google’s collection of embedded hardware, such as the OnHub router and Google Home, is growing. Perhaps Fuchsia is only being developed for devices like these? More at Android Police The news about Fuchsia caught the attention of folks on the Linux subreddit and they shared their thoughts: Whazor: “I have read on hacker news that is is mainly focussed on VR (that needs low latency). With a comment suggesting that it could be a real time OS, which would in my opinion be a logical choice not to use Linux.” TehSViN: “Meeeeeh, seing how they treated the linux kernel when they created android i doubt this will be any good.” Reallukenukem: “Afaik, they didn’t create Android, they purchased the company that did.” Hvsmacker: “Using Linux kernel has the benefit of being really versatile in terms of supported hardware. With their custom kernel, how are they planning to support a variety of hardware platforms? They’ll have to go along the Apple’s way, where the system is tied to a narrow spectrum of their own solutions.” Cloudfreak: “They couldn’t get the market share without android. Now they have it and can go Apple’s way. Google phone is in progress, I’ve heard.” Hvsmacker: “But they didn’t get the market share themselves. It was Samsung, LG, HTC, and numerous other companies who all built various stuff, I presume, specifically exploiting the fact that android ran on a wide range of hardware.” Pythagoreametronome: “It would be nice if there was a third Operating System that could really compete with Microsoft (besides Apple and Linux) in the desktop space. If anyone can do it, google probably has the deepest pockets and best chance to be successful. I know: nobody really cares about desktops anymore. Even so, I am looking forward to it.” Gustl: “Almost any android phone uses drivers customized for a particular chipset written by the phone manufacturer. That’s why many android phones are stuck on older android versions, because the custom drivers are not updated by the manufacturer. The situation will likely be similar for the new fuchsia OS. All google needs to do is convince the manufacturers that writing drivers for fuchsia is similar to writing drivers for android-linux-kernels.” Mccplusplus: “No problem. It will be released with a FOSS license, we can steal their code :)” More at Reddit Is it wrong to run Microsoft software in Linux? Microsoft has always had an…er…challenging relationship with the Linux community. In recent years the company has made an effort to become more Linux-friendly, but there is still quite a bit of mistrust of Microsoft by many in the Linux community. One writer at CIO has wondered if it’s socially acceptable to run Microsoft products in Linux. Swapnil Bhartiya reports for CIO: Whenever I write about Microsoft’s change in attitude toward Linux, I get pushback from a segment of the Linux user community. That makes me wonder if it’s really ‘okay’ to use Microsoft products on Linux. If not, why? In my view, Linux is just a piece of technology that has championed the open source development model. It’s neither an ideology nor a philosophy, unlike free software. Linux is a platform like macOS and Windows. The more software runs on a platform, the richer it will be. I believe that by discouraging or denouncing Microsoft products on Linux, we will weaken Linux as a platform. I use primarily open source products because I find them to be technically superior to their non-free counterparts. Let me give you an example of what I use on my MacBook. There is a huge set of apps that can be used on macOS, but I use Chrome/Firefox for web browsing; Thunderbird for email; LibreOffice as my office suite; VLC and Tomahawk as media players; Transmission as torrent client; Vienna 3 as the RSS reader. All of these are open source products. So, yes, I will encourage Microsoft and other proprietary companies to bring their products and services to Linux. I will also encourage them to open source their products. For me, the bottom line is that I would rather use a Linux machine running some Microsoft or Adobe products than use a proprietary OS to use a few non-free apps that I need. More at CIO DistroWatch reviews Zenwalk Linux 8.0 Slackware has much to offer Linux users, but it can also be a bit much for newbies or even just casual Linux users. Zenwalk Linux is based on Slackware and makes it more accessible for less technical users. DistroWatch has a full review of Zenwalk Linux 8.0. Jesse Smith reports for DistroWatch: On the positive side of things, I like that Zenwalk trims down the software installed by default. A full installation of Zenwalk requires about two-thirds of the disk space a full installation of Slackware consumes. This is reflected in Zenwalk’s focused “one-app-per-task” approach which I feel makes it easier to find things. Zenwalk requires relatively little memory (a feature it shares with Slackware) and, with PulseAudio’s plugin removed, consumes very few CPU cycles. One more feature I like about this distribution is the fact Zenwalk includes LibreOffice, a feature I missed when running pure Slackware. On the other hand, I ran into a number of problems with Zenwalk. The dependency problems which annoyed me while running Slackware were present in Zenwalk too. To even get a working text editor I needed to have development libraries installed. To make matters worse, the user needs a text editor to enable the package manager to install development libraries. It’s one of those circular problems that require the user to think outside the box (or re-install with all software packages selected). Other issues I had were more personal. For example, I don’t like window transparency or small fonts. These are easy to fix, but it got me off on the wrong foot with Zenwalk. I do want to acknowledge that while my first two days with Zenwalk were mostly spent fixing things, hunting down dependencies and tweaking the desktop to suit my tastes, things got quickly better. By the end of the week I was enjoying Zenwalk’s performance, its light nature and its clean menus. I may have had more issues with Zenwalk than Slackware in the first day or so, but by the end of the week I was enjoying using Zenwalk more for my desktop computing. In the end, I feel as though Zenwalk is a more focused flavour of Slackware. The Slackware distribution is multi-purpose, at least as suited for servers as desktops. Slackware runs on more processor architectures, has a live edition and can dump a lot of software on our hard disk. Zenwalk is more desktop focused, with fewer packages and perhaps a nicer selection of applications. The two are quite similar, but Slackware has a broader focus while Zenwalk is geared to desktop users who value performance. More at DistroWatch Did you miss a roundup? Check the Eye On Open home page to get caught up with the latest news about open source and Linux. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To comment on this article and other InfoWorld content, visit InfoWorld's LinkedIn page, Facebook page and Twitter stream. Related: Android Mobile Linux Open Source Jim Lynch is a technology analyst and online community manager. Jim has written for many leading industry publications over the years. The opinions expressed in this blog are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of InfoWorld, ITworld, CIO.com, IDG Communications, or their parent, subsidiary or affiliated companies. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows Microsoft releases KB 3161647, KB 3161608 to fix slow Windows 7 update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Based on a technique created by a German blogger, here's how to stop wasting hours checking for Windows... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Video/Webcast Sponsored Our DevOps Journey: Transforming 6 Month Waterfalls to 1 Hour Code Deploys eBook Sponsored 10 Critical Requirements for Optimizing Application Delivery Go Top Stories First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last Xamarin-inspired IDE will allow C# and F# programmers to develop for iOS, Mac, and Android on a single... Disney's best releases may be its open source tools From animation to MacOS admin tools, the animation giant opens up Why Amazon picked MXNet for deep learning Amazon plans to further develop this compact and versatile machine learning framework. Hosting it at... NativeScript deepens ties to Angular 2 The JavaScript framework's 2017 road map includes accommodations for Chrome tools and Windows 10 Sponsored Links Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 InfoWorld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Twitter considers creating Apple TV app as part of live video streaming push By Queenie Wong / August 15, 2016 at 11:31 AM Twitter, which plans to stream 10 Thursday night NFL games this year, has set its sights on a bigger screen to capture more viewers. The company is looking at creating an app for Apple TV before the NFL season kicks off in September, a person familiar with the matter told SiliconBeat on Monday. With millions of people using Apple TV, the move could help Twitter attract more users as it beefs up its live video content, some analysts say. Twitter and Apple declined to comment on the potential app, which was earlier reported by The New York Times on Sunday. “Such a partnership would make sense for both companies, we think, as Twitter looks for more distribution and engagement and Apple looks for more differentiated content,” Scott Kessler, equity analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence, wrote in a note. Twitter stock, which has been taking a beating this year, is currently up more than 7 percent, climbing to more than $21 per share. Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Stock Price | FindTheCompany The company has 313 million monthly active users but has struggled to attract more people to its site, and it has fallen short of Wall Street’s expectations. On Monday, eMarketer lowered its forecast for U.S. Twitter usage, projecting that the tech firm will add 3.6 million users by 2020 instead of 13.9 million. “To keep itself competitive, Twitter should play to its strengths,” eMarketer forecasting analyst Oscar Orozco said in the report. “It has had success with live broadcasting and should continue to make deals to stream sports and political events. Video is now the No. 1 ad format in terms of revenue. By continuing to invest in video, particularly live video, Twitter could potentially begin to more successfully monetize and grow its user base.” Twitter has been trying to highlight its strength in live events, striking deals with media outlets and other sports leagues such as Major League Baseball and the National Hockey League. The company also launched a new marketing campaign to show it’s “where you go to see what’s happening everywhere in the world right now.” Twitter users have been getting a glimpse of what the new experience could look like with coverage of Wimbledon and the Democratic and Republican National Conventions. Live video appears on the left side of the webpage, while tweets flow in on the right. Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a press event last year that the company has sold more 25 million Apple TVs since its debut in 2007. Apple currently allows third-party developers to build apps for the product and submit it to the company for review. Photo Credit: Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: twitter   More Posts in News Silicon Valley, like everything else, takes the Turkey Trot over the top November 23, 2016   Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes to die? Almost 100 lawsuits say yes. November 22, 2016   Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online November 22, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump? Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking French artist converts classic Macs into miniature indoor gardens [Gallery] MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 24, 2016 - 12:59 AM UTC — AAPL: 110.93 (-0.87, -0.78%) | NASDAQ: 5372.04 (-14.31, -0.27%) What I learned working with Jony Ive’s team on the Apple Watch Monday, August 15, 2016 · 1:39 pm · 10 Comments “Meet Bob Messerschmidt,” Mark Sullivan reports for Fast Company. “Apple quietly acquired Messerschmidt’s startup in 2010 (after Messerschmidt sent Steve Jobs an unsolicited email, but that’s another story). Afterwards, Messerschmidt was placed on the Apple Watch team, where he led a group charged with architecting new sensor technologies for the device. The heart rate sensors on the Apple Watch we know today are the creation of Messerschmidt and his team. Because health and wellness are perhaps the main use cases for the Watch, Messerschmidt played a central role in the Watch’s overall design, and had regular interaction with the vaunted Industrial Design Group led by Jony Ive.” “Messerschmidt has since gone on to found his own company, Cor,” Sullivan reports. “He agreed to talk to Fast Company about the lessons he learned about design, collaboration, secrecy, the Vision Thing, and the Apple Way during his three years at Apple.” A few snippets: There was an effort to encapsulate what it is that makes Apple Apple. It was after [Steve Jobs] knew he was going to be going. (Jobs died in 2011 of complications from pancreatic cancer.) There were a lot of people who were trying to distill that down. People were looking to encapsulate those lessons in order to train future executives. To some degree, if I were being cynical today — which maybe I am — I would say most of them missed the point. You want to think you can train people up to think that way, but I think that’s the biggest thing they get wrong. It’s not teachable. You may remember that right after he died there was all this stuff about “can Apple go on?” Could anybody have the capacity to do that job (Jobs’s)? All I can say at this point is that the jury is still out, but so far I think the signs are kind of pointing to “No.” It’s definitely not the same place. Read more in the full article – highly recommended – here. MacDailyNews Take: The whole section about why the Apple Watch’s heart rate sensors are where they are and why they work so well even with a loosely-strapped-on Apple Watch is an excellent encapsulation of how Apple goes about product design – the user is preeminent – that most other consumer-focused companies miss due to incorrect thinking and/or company structure. Categories: News Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, Bob Messerschmidt, Cor, heart rate sensors, Jony Ive, Kevin Lynch, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 10 Comments Nerd Beautiful Monday, August 15, 2016 - 2:19 pm · Reply I think with SJ in place we’d be roughly where we are today. Changes? Cue would probably be fired. TV would be trying a skinny bundle, but I don’t think it would be working. Watch would not have had such a f*ckup start as it did. Hard to see other changes though, even if SJ were still around. Just for fun here’s my best effort at a big change that might be in place if we still had Steve: Siri would be twice as smart as she currently is, and AppleMaps would be best in class by now. Think Monday, August 15, 2016 - 3:30 pm · Reply What was fuckup about the Apple Watch start? Jaxson Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 11:23 am · Reply Not having them available for purchase for months after the announcement, Jobs didn’t mind the headlines of being sold out in the short term, but never liked it going on and on. Looses momentum. dswe Monday, August 15, 2016 - 4:55 pm · Reply We would NOT be here today if Jobs was around. We would, at the least: -Have Retina across the board. -An uncomplicated product line: MacBook Airs out, Retina MacBooks in with varying screen sizes. -Better music service. Push play and it’ll just smartly play what u like. No complicated UI. -Better UI in iOS: it keeps changing and not for the better. Apple can’t decide. -Apple TV with Apps as channels that u can subscribe to for $1.99 per month; real competitor for video games. -No stupid Apple Watch. -A car project that actually didn’t have people quitting. -A growing iPod line! Yes, music players are still relevant. Say a wearable MP3 player all integrated into the headphones. -No BS politics. A focus on tech. -iPhones that don’t get thicker. -No el cheapo old new iPhone. -No corny TV ads focusing on American people that nobody cares about. -Not purchasing Beats and things like that… that do nothing to advance Apple’s brand. JWSC Monday, August 15, 2016 - 5:13 pm · Reply An odd list but OK. I agree that under SJ they would not have purchased Beats. But Steve would have been wrong. The Beats acquisition was and is huge. Don’t get caught up by the fact that you don’t like rap. I don’t either. It wasn’t about that. It was about capturing a place in the heart of the music industry, where industry execs would respect, adore, and fear you all at the same time. And the musicians (mostly) would love the Beats business model as it attempts to compensate artists fairly for streaming their music. Ken Monday, August 15, 2016 - 3:41 pm · Reply True, but I wouldn’t let Jony Ive redecorate my house. JWSC Monday, August 15, 2016 - 5:28 pm · Reply Well, I’ve got some Country Style craft furniture for you. 😝 Seriously, I think you greatly underestimate Jony’s breadth and depth of taste. He would not use an iPhone or iMac aesthetic to design home furnishings for himself or anyone else. A house must take on not only utility, but culture and history if it is to be lived in for years. I’m pretty sure Jony knows that. yojimbo007 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 4:09 pm · Reply pretty much ..every point he made was neglected/missed on the design and functionality of Apple TV 4,os and remote .. the Igore Battery case.. and the magic mouse and pencil charging. detail on pencil functionality and storage……. and some product launches..etc… lets hope that was just a 2015 anomaly due to growing pains…. i pray ! wmd500 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 5:20 pm · Reply I agree that Apple will not be the same company that SJ re-created, over the next years. For example we are seeing Apple become a bigger activist company under Tim Cook. They will continue to exact their secular religious ideas on all of us! Believing in these kinds of ideas/values or not, more are coming at the expense of the product and user. spyintheskyuk Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 6:23 am · Reply Of course you can’t install that natural genius that Jobs had into others in any predictable manner. However he is wrong in saying that attempts to try to do so is missing the point. You have to at least try to learn from what made him tick while you can and distil it into a training set up to at least encourage and train others to take on aspects of it or increase the chances of finding such a gem amongst your trainees otherwise it will simply be a lottery. The main problem is that if you aren’t careful the very process gets too rigid and you can prevent the development of the very free thinking and spark you seek to encourage and capture. If that is his point then there is some validity in it. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? Pundits suspect Apple’s Jony Ive no longer involved in iPhone, Mac product design MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,447 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians Superposition - Teen Wolf  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking French artist converts classic Macs into miniature indoor gardens [Gallery] MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 24, 2016 - 12:59 AM UTC — AAPL: 110.93 (-0.87, -0.78%) | NASDAQ: 5372.04 (-14.31, -0.27%) Apple Watch 2 will entice the masses with built-in GPS Monday, August 15, 2016 · 2:03 pm · 3 Comments “The go-to supply chain source for this stuff—KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo—likens the ‘Apple Watch 2’ to the ‘S’ generation phones Apple releases between major, numbered, iPhone generations. These ‘S’ series devices have some spec upgrades, but usually no major new feature or design innovations,” Mark Sullivan writes for Fast Company. “Kuo, who is usually accurate, cites supply chain sources to say that the new Watch will be roughly the same shape and size as the first Apple Watch, but will add a faster chip, a barometer (to measure elevation climbed), a GPS radio (for tracking runs), and some kind of waterproofing rating.” “Kuo expects the Watch 2 to show up late this year, presumably in time for the holiday season,” Sullivan writes. “The analyst adds that Apple will continue selling the first version of the Watch, but with a faster processor inside and no GPS radio. He says Apple will probably cut the price of the original Apple Watch by as much as $100, which would drive down the cost of the low-end Sports model to under $200.” Read more in the full article here. “The lack of GPS hardware has been a major grumble for current owners serious about fitness tracking. A GPS chip would mean the watch would morph into a more serious running mate, logging workouts and taking it one step closer to cutting its e-leash with the iPhone,” Jon Axworthy reports for Wearable. “‘I think Apple will continue to make the watch truly independent for certain types of use cases, including GPS,’ says Bernard Desernauts, CEO of Wristly, the largest independent Apple Watch research platform.” Apple Watch will within weeks feature watchOS 3 is faster and simpler with breakthrough health features   “Taking the watch underwater has been the subject of a lot of the chatter ahead of launch – as well as numerous tests on YouTube, proving that the Watch performs better in the blue stuff than its current IPX7 rating would suggest,” Axworthy reports. “‘We’ve measured swimming as a key activity that Apple Watch owners engage with regularly, so obviously being able to include swimming activity is a natural expectation,’ reveals Desernauts. ‘7% of current owners, me included, swim with their Apple Watch despite warnings and potential loss of warranty and a further 14 percent regularly bathe and shower with it. So, all in all, it’s pretty clear that increasing from IPX7 to higher levels of waterproofness would yield improved market attractiveness.'” “Access to cloud and internet will soon cease to be chaperoned from the iPhone, believes the Wristly boss,” Axworthy reports. “‘I don’t expect LTE to be available by default to all Apple Watch models,’ says Desernauts. ‘I see it more akin to iPad where an option for it could be made available, while it remains non essential for the base product. I also don’t think the technology is sufficiently advanced in terms of radio and power consumption to provide this without a ‘smartband’ extension of the product.'” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Built-in GPS is a major selling point. Built-in GPS with the option of adding LTE capability via and Apple Smartband for Apple Watch would be The Holy Grail of Smartwatches. And, current-gen Apple Watch Sport units starting at $199 or less will bring what is already one of our all-time favorite Apple products to the masses! Categories: News Tags: Apple GPS Smartband, Apple LTE Smartband, Apple Smartbands for Apple Watch, Apple Watch, Apple Watch 2, Apple Watch Edition, Apple Watch Sport, Bernard Desernauts, Wristly Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 3 Comments Think Monday, August 15, 2016 - 3:27 pm · Reply GPS vs battery life. Has there been a new GPS chip with lower power drain? Say they do include GPS but battery life sucks. Guess what the analysts will bitch about then. chrish1961 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 4:53 pm · Reply “These ‘S’ series devices have some spec upgrades, but usually no major new feature or design innovations.” Stop right there. Credibility destroyed. Daniel Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 2:14 pm · Reply Every generation has major new features It’s just for most people the features added every generation wouldn’t be worth the cost to upgrade every year… Now, every 2 years… that’s another story… iPhone 5s vs. iPhone 6s… Bigger Screen Force Touch Faster Better camera Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? Pundits suspect Apple’s Jony Ive no longer involved in iPhone, Mac product design MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,447 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians Superposition - Teen Wolf  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 44°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, November 23, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Tim Cook on the iPhone's future, content and coming out Janko Roettgers Monday, August 15, 2016 Credit: The Associated Press In this April 30, 2015 file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook responds to a question during a news conference at IBM Watson headquarters, in New York. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) comments Apple CEO Tim Cook's coming out had been in the works for a whole year: Cook told the Washington Post in a wide-ranging interview Monday that he had prepared to come out as gay for about a year before finally taking that step in October of 2014. "Just thinking through what to say, how to say it, where to say it, how to do that in a way that advanced what I was trying to do," he said. Cook explained that his decision to come out was prompted by many notes from kids that he had gotten ever since he had taken over the leadership of Apple. Cook's sexuality had been an open secret for some time, making him a kind of unofficial role model, and giving him some insights into what many gay teenagers were going through. "They were kids who were distraught," he told the Post. "Some had been pushed out by their families. They thought they couldn't achieve anything." By coming out, Cook wanted to signal them that one can be gay and successful, and that it helps to be honest about it. Cook's interview with the paper comes at a time of increased scrutiny for Apple. The company has seen two mixed quarters, with iPhone sales declining, and revenue in China becoming a sore spot. Slowing iPhone sales have also prompted questions on whether Apple has any "next big thing" in the works at a time when competitors like Facebook, Google and Amazon openly advance their virtual reality and connected home strategies. Cook didn't comment on any future projects, but said that the iPhone as a product was far from dead. "This is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years," he said. "There is nothing that's going to replace it in the short term or in the intermediate term either." But Apple is clearly going through a transition, with services becoming an ever-larger part of its business. In fact, services revenue surpassed the amount of money Apple makes with selling Macs and Macbooks for the first time earlier this year. Some of this revenue includes subscription fees for Apple Music, and Apple's increased focus on content and services has also led to increased investments into original content. Cook mentioned some of those investments during his interview with the Post, including original music video programming and the company's new show "Planet of the Apps," but also stressed that Apple may be willing to spend more. "We do view that the future of TV is apps," he said. "And if there's a way we can be a catalyst into that happening faster or better, then that would interest us in content." © 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC   More On: Tribune Content Agency Tim Cook Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets AG to judge: Dismiss gun sellers’ suit bob mcgovern business & markets Gaming panel seeks clarity on pot law jordan graham business & markets Shire wires Cambridge expansion donna goodison business & markets Booting Up: Be wary of bad deals on Black Friday jessica van sack Trending Now Obama hits 1,000 mark for commutations granted .@MASSPIRG gave their annual "Trouble in Toyland" report about dangerous toys parents should be on the lookout for… Ex-Speaker Sal DiMasi 'home' in Boston; 'I'm a fighter' Original Geber Baby Ann Taylor Cook turns 90 Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Trending: How Google overtook Apple in education Tips for safer shopping Golden Turkey Awards Cool Yule Tools 2016 Resources/White Papers Search network world Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business 3 ingredients of a successful attack 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Security All Security Application Security Compliance Endpoint Security Malware and Cybercrime Mobile Security Network Security LAN & WAN All LAN & WAN Internet Internet of Things Routers Service Providers Switches WAN Optimization Wi-Fi Wide Area Networking (WAN) Software-Defined Networking/NFV Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android BYOD Cellular Networks MDM/MAM Mobile Apps Smartphones iOS Unified Communications/VoIP All Unified Communications/VoIP Collaboration Email Social Networking Videoconferencing VoIP Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud IaaS PaaS Private Cloud Public Cloud SaaS Infrastructure Management All Infrastructure Management Application Performance Management Asset Management Network Management System Management Applications All Applications Big Data/Business Intelligence CRM ERP Linux Windows Data Center All Data Center Business Continuity Disaster Recovery Green IT Network Storage PCs Servers Tablets Virtual Desktop Virtualization Small Business Careers All Careers Education Salaries Skills and Training Home Tech Tech Debates Tech Primers Cisco Subnet Microsoft Subnet Open Source Subnet News Reviews Insider Blogs Resources/White Papers Newsletters Video Network World Events × Close Home Mobile & Wireless iOS Alpha Doggs By Bob Brown News Editor |Follow About | Your Alpha Doggs editor is Bob Brown, Network World Online Executive Editor, News. iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Holes in this story; leaky week; 3 or 2 models? Rumormongers ask: What will replace 3.5mm headphone jack on iPhone 7? Network World | Aug 14, 2016 8:50 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Methodshop/Flickr Related Expect iPhone 7, not iPhone 7 Pro this time around Early iPhone 7 reviews: You'll miss the headphone jack, but the camera and... iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: 1 Billion reasons to care; Sept. 16 looms large Video 5 Weirdest iOS Keyboards With Apple expected to announce the iPhone 7 on Sept. 7, time is running short to squeeze in fresh rumors about the next magical smartphone, which is expected to boast a more powerful processor, more storage, better camera technology and improved water resistance. But have no fear, as such speculation is indeed swirling. Holes in this iPhone 7 story On Friday, bloggers hopped on a report from France’s Nowhereelse website, which shared a schematic supposedly from an Apple partner in China that shows an iPhone 7 possibly outfitted with a microphone rather than the 3.5mm headphone jack that is rumored to be disappearing. AppleInsider posted the headline: “Alleged ‘iPhone 7’ schematics hint at mic instead of second speaker.” MORE: Best iPhone 7 design concepts The general thinking had been that Apple might stick a second speaker in that space, as it moves to turn its Lightning adapter into an earbud connector. MacRumors says the NWE post indicates the holes depicted in the schematic might be mostly cosmetic (as if anyone really cares what the bottom of the device looks like?). We've sprung a leak! Leaked images were squirting from all directions over the past week. These included: *A10 processors, from the site Techtastic. Yup, they have Apple logos on them, and they say A10 on them too. *A turned-on iPhone 7 prototype, emanating from where else: China. Unfortunately, the alleged 4.7-inch iPhone prototype seen in this video is not showcasing iOS10, but rather, an unglamorous internal software build. These rumors are Apple's fault? Perhaps one reason that there's been so much confusion over whether Apple would be issuing 3 or 2 new iPhones this fall is that Apple hadn't made up its mind until relatively recently. Nikkei reported that Apple's decision-making has been greatly impacted by increased competition: The competition is so fierce that Apple killed off a premium iPhone 7 model in the second quarter, less than six months before its official launch in September, according to a source. Initially, Apple had planned two versions of iPhone 7 Plus, one with a single lens and one with a dual lens. The single lens edition has since been ditched, the source said. "This never happened before. Before this year, Apple never made changes to iPhone's product line mere months before the launch. It has been a volatile year for Apple," a source said. If this is all true, this mock-up of all three supposedly new iPhone 7 models is already outdated... MORE: 1 Billion reasons to care about iPhone 7 To comment on this article and other Network World content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter stream. Related: iOS Smartphones Mobile & Wireless Apple iPhone 7 Bob Brown is a news editor for Network World, blogs about network research, and works most closely with our staff's wireless/mobile reporters. Must read: Hidden Cause of Slow Internet and how to fix it You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Don't Miss Cutting the cable TV cord: Roku private channels and fully loaded Kodi box A year after she cut the cord to cable TV, Ms. Smith shares the lessons she's learned and her opinions... 50-plus jaw-dropping Black Friday 2016 tech deals Cyber Monday 2016 tech deals sampler features Dell, Walmart Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Open-source hardware makers unite to start certifying products In recent weeks, OSHWA also met one of its initial goals: to start certifying open-source hardware. The... Credibility and trust: Microsoft blows it By forcing Windows 10 on users, Microsoft has lost the tenuous trust and credibility users had in the... Resources 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Cisco sees Wi-Fi market in transition to controller-less solutions The Wi-Fi market has been moving to controller-less solutions, and Cisco appears to be walking the... Stupid encryption mistakes criminals make Blown cover: Malware authors show how easy it is to get encryption wrong and, in the process, help... Cool Yule Tools 2016: Digital disruption at Santa's Workshop The 17th annual Network World holiday gift guide has something for every techie (and techie-wanna-be)... Cisco Founders Forum: One creative way to keep & energize talent A look at Cisco's little-known Founders Forum, an internal group of brainy entrepreneurs whose... Sponsored Links Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Network World Follow us Security LAN & WAN Software-Defined Networking/NFV Mobile & Wireless Unified Communications/VoIP Cloud Computing Infrastructure Management Applications Data Center Small Business Careers Home Tech Tech Debates Tech Primers Cisco Subnet Microsoft Subnet Open Source Subnet Features News Blogs Resources Newsletters Network World Events About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Network World, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Report: 10.5-inch iPad Pro could precede… Report: 10.5-inch iPad Pro could precede 'radical' design changes in 2018 By Kyle Wiggers — August 15, 2016 10:53 AM Subscribe to this topic Jessica Lee Star/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Apple’s existing crop of iPad Pro models, a 12.9-inch slab and newer, smaller 9.7-inch alternative, represent two extremes on the tablet size spectrum. There’s no in-between — those yearning for a 10.1-inch answer to Samsung’s 10.1-inch Galaxy Tab 4, for instance, or even Microsoft’s 12.3-inch Surface, have so far had to settle for a tablet awkwardly large for day-to-day use, or one a tad lacking in screen real estate. But the wait for greater selection may not stretch on much longer: Ming-Chi Kuo, an industry analyst with a proven track record when it comes to Apple rumors, has issued a new report detailing Apple’s iPad plans through 2018. First up? A total of three iPad models in sizes from 9.7 inches to 12.9 inches, due out as soon as 2017. According to Kuo, a 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be the newest slate to grace Apple’s lineup next year. It’ll join refreshes of the Cupertino, California-based company’s 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch iPads, the latter of which Apple will reposition as a “low-cost” entry. That’s in lieu of  a fourth, 7.9-inch budget iPad with weaker hardware and fewer features the company intended as a replacement for the aging iPad mini 4, but that launch plan was reportedly scrapped — presumably because sales of Apple’s smaller iPads have been largely cannibalized by the 5.5-inch iPhone Plus. Related: Apple and IBM target corporate sector with 8 new enterprise apps In terms of internals, Kuo expects the new iPads to pack a processing punch. The top-end models — specifically, the new 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch iPad Pro — will likely sport Apple’s rumbled-about 10nm, A10X processor, while the 9.7 model could inherit the current-generation 12.9-inch iPad Pro’s A9X. Apple’s longtime fabrication partner TSMC is expected to supply the tech. If that news weren’t exciting enough, Kuo’s predicting more significant changes to come in the years ahead. As soon as 2018, Apple plans to introduce “revolutionary” and “radical” changes to the iPad line: a “[new] form factor design” and flexible AMOLED display. Shipments of iPads during Apple’s third quarter of 2016 (the period between April and June) were rosier than analysts expected. In what Tim Cook described as the company’s “best iPad compare in 10 quarters,” Apple sold 10 million tablets — about 3 percent less year on year — and generated $4.9 billion, a 7.4 climb from the previous quarter. Kuo doesn’t expect sales the rest of this year to leapfrog those results — he predicts shipments to from 45 million to 50 million to 35 million to 40 million. And next year, Kuo projects a reversal — an overall decline of 10 to 20 percent year over year. Related: As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source That downswing will likely mirror the broader tablet market. Market firm IDC pegged tablet shipments in 2016 at 206.8 million, or a decrease of 10.1 percent from two years ago, thanks largely to market share gains by “detachable” and tablets like Microsoft’s Surface and Surface Pro. Apple has stemmed the fall in part with iPad accessories that deliver equivalent functionality, like the snap-on Smart Keyboard and Pencil stylus. And it has narrowed much of its development muscle to niche markets like enterprise. In 2015, Apple inked an agreement with IBM to build an exclusive library of corporate apps, and more recently announced a joint working agreement with networking giant Cisco. As many as half of Apple’s iPad sales are from businesses and government entities, according to The New York Times. But, the thinking goes, eye-catching technologies have the potential to rekindle consumer sales. Bendable screen tech isn’t out of the question — Samsung employs curved screens on several of its flagship smartphones, and LG demoed a flexible, transparent, double-sided OLED screen at the IFA conference in Germany last year. Rumor has it that Apple is planning similar tech for a future iPhone similar tech in a future iPhone.
JavaScript is currently disabled in your browser. In order to watch videos and to navigate this website, JavaScript needs to be enabled. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Your browser is out of date and not supported. Click here to download the latest version of Internet Explorer. Listen to Kim Find a Station Get Kim's Free Newsletter Join Kim's Club Sign In Sign In Shop The Show About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips Videos All Videos The Show Kim's News Updates Kim's Picks Kim's Reports Komando Reports Komando Flash Tips All Sections Win Join Kim's Club Get Email Updates Shop The Show Kim's show sponsors About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips More Videos Win Shop The Show Kim's show sponsors About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips Videos All Videos The Show Kim's News Updates Kim's Picks Kim's Reports Komando Reports Komando Flash Tips All Sections Win Happening Now August 15, 2016 Leave a comment Apple announces 3 new iPads, but there's a catch By Komando Staff, Komando.com Apple's next big event isn't taking place until September, but that hasn't stopped anyone from speculating about Apple's much-anticipated, even bigger event in 2017. Looking ahead, 2017 is the iPhone's 10-year anniversary, so everyone is expecting more from next year's release, even though we haven't seen this year's model yet. The iPad is no different. Not much is expected to change in this year's upgrades, but much like with the iPhone in 2017, we can expect big and dramatic changes. Here are the latest rumors coming from securities analyst KGI Ming-Chi Kuo: There will be three new iPad models The iPad Pro 2 will have a 12.9-inch display. A low-cost iPad will have a 9.7-inch display. Last, but by no means least, a new iPad Pro with a never-before-seen 10.5-inch display. On top of that, there's also talk that the display screens will reach end-to-end.  The three models will have an A10X processor. Other rumors The iPad Mini could be discontinued early. The iPad, along with the iPhone, could be adopting "revolutionary" OLED technology with a flexible screen by 2018. If you're looking to buy a new iPad, you might want to wait just a bit longer. Same thing with the iPhone. The changes will be more dramatic and game-changing in 2017. Please share this information with everyone. Just click on any of these social media buttons.  Email  Facebook  Twitter  Google+  Pinterest Source: 9 to 5 Mac Apple General Interest iPad               BREAKING NEWS, TIPS, AND MORE LIKED WHAT YOU READ? GET MORE IN YOUR INBOX FREE. Stay up-to-date the easy way. SIGN ME UP! Previous Happening Now LinkedIn's problems are worse than we originally thought Next Happening Now Top Story: 20 hotel chains hit by major data breach Related Articles 7 secret iOS 10 features used by the pros Apple's accessibility options are amazing MORE art filters for your photos and videos Here's how to stop Google from collecting data about you X SUBSCRIBE View Comments () More Articles Behind the scenes of Amazon's Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales 10 Worst airports for Thanksgiving flights Why you'll love Google's new Quick, Draw game Top Story: Don't fall for this Facebook 'Secret Sister' scam Warning! Viral prank crashing smartphones and tablets - Stop it with this trick Top Story: Don't use Facebook again until you've read this Get talked through 60,000 recipes - It's easy! Hidden maps in your smartphone show everywhere you've been Remotely tune up your family's computers Check your kids' phones for this dangerous app right now Avoid these 3 dangerous online shopping scams 7 sites to prepare the best Thanksgiving feast Top Story: Watch out! Facebook spreading ransomware! Apple will replace these faulty iPhone batteries GoPro gives away free cameras, but there's a catch Facebook's serious fake news problem takes a major twist Don't let stores and airports track your movements! One time-saving app every grocery shopper must check out 5 ways to save money on Amazon.com Sponsor: Simple steps to clean up and speed up your computer Trending Now The site The Shop The Show Downloads Tech News Tips Apps New Technologies   Happening Now Small Business Videos Station Finder Contests Forum   Backstage Contact Us About Kim FAQ's Manage your account Manage newsletters Advertise with us Flash Drives for Freedom   Affiliates Center Careers Operation Komando Returns & Exchanges Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Connect with Kim Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add on Google+ Follow on Pinterest Subscribe on YouTube Subscribe to Free Podcasts The Kim Komando Show ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 2,281,044. America's Digital Goddess ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 3,727,509. Digital Diva ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No, 2,463,516. Any and all other material herein is protected by Copyright © 1995 - 2016 WestStar MultiMedia Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace INFORUM Search Search Sections Home news Headlines U.S. tax refund delays may surprise low-income filers Klobuchar on Obama's renewable fuel requirement: 'We couldn't have better Thanksgiving news' Obama presents final Medal of Freedom honors World's tallest water slide to be torn down after death Drunk driving lands North Dakota on worst drivers list More Topics Accidents Corrections Crime Government Education Agriculture sports Headlines Stiegelmeier named Missouri Valley coach of the year Stiegelmeier named Missouri Valley coach of the year Force's Haiskanen commits to Cornell Dragons eclipse century mark to knock off rival Concordia Vikings warming to Wildcat scheme More Topics Bison Cobbers Dragons High School Sports Fighting Hawks RedHawks Vikings opinion Headlines Omdahl: Dalrymple needs to take initiative in DAPL protest crisis Letter: Bannon disqualified from public service Letter: Courageous women beginning new lives Letter: Founding Fathers understood Christmas McFeely: UND is part of state's football landscape again, Bison fans, like it or not More Topics editorials jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists Mike McFeely Rob Port SheSays Headlines There's no age-based 'shelf life' on senior's ability to live independently Twitter Talk: Mapleton teacher spoke about using technology in the classroom at Twitter headquarters Timing matters for vitamins, minerals A vote for baby's future Life expectancy for person with advanced dementia hard to predict More Topics Family Helpful Hint Health Fashion SheSays Columns Home variety Headlines Wine selections to pair with variations in holiday feasting Tips for staying trim this Thanksgiving Creative Crafting: CNN apologizes for inflammatory graphic Lee Brice, Justin Moore announce Fargodome show More Topics Arts Events Entertainment Music Columns Food Faith business Headlines Wicked Wife Cakery: Side hobby becomes full-time business for Fargo baker Fargo airport boardings hold steady in October It's important to protect assets in the later stages of life Perla's Fresh Mexican reopens in former Peoples Organic Cafe location Rising interest rates boost market confidence More Topics "What is that" Money Economy Restaurants Inside Business Retail Briefs milestones Headlines Births (Nov. 23, 2016) Births (Nov. 22, 2016) Births (Nov. 19, 2016) Leonard Marquardt Linda Roesler More Topics anniversaries birthdays births engagements open houses showers weddings obituaries Headlines Matthew DesJarLais Molly Jean Bernstein Frances L. Gallagher Nyla J. Mogard Jenny R. Ekvall weather Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Twitter in talks with Apple to stream NFL games, other live content on Apple TV By Reuters Media on Aug 15, 2016 at 12:20 p.m. The Apple Inc. logo is shown outside the company's 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S. June 13, 2016. REUTERS/Stephen Lam - RTX2G0BO LOS ANGELES—Twitter is in discussions with Apple to bring its app to Apple TV—a move that would potentially bring 10 live NFL games and other programming to the set-top this fall, the New York Times reported. For Twitter, such a deal would dramatically boost its steadily expanding live-video strategy, by reaching Apple TV's base of more than 25 million units. In addition to securing rights to the NFL's "Thursday Night Football" games for a reported $10 million, Twitter has landed deals to stream MLB and NHL games as well as other live sports, as well as Bloomberg Media TV content. Twitter's live video on Apple TV would provide a lean-back, living-room outlet where users are more inclined to watch longer-form video. Twitter's presentation of live video so far has been through its mobile apps and on PCs, with the live stream accompanied by a string of tweets related to the event. Apple and Twitter reps have declined to comment. The report pushed Twitter stock up more than 7% Monday, after investors have been frustrated with the social-media company's sluggish user growth and revenue shortfalls in recent quarters. Twitter—which beat out Facebook and others for the digital rights to the NFL's "TNF"—last month said it has already sold a "meaningful percentage" of the available ad inventory for the upcoming season, signing on marketers including Anheuser-Busch InBev, Nestle, Sony Pictures Entertainment and Verizon. The NFL's "Thursday Night Football" games, telecast in the U.S. by CBS, NBC and NFL Network, kick off Sept. 15 with the New York Jets at Buffalo Bills. On Twitter, the NFL streaming feeds will include about 50 ads sold by CBS and NBC, out of the approximately 70 that typically run in a single game. Explore related topics:NewsAppleTwitterApple TVNFL Advertisement Latest U.S. tax refund delays may surprise low-income filers45 min ago Klobuchar on Obama's renewable fuel requirement: 'We couldn't have better Thanksgiving news'46 min ago Stiegelmeier named Missouri Valley coach of the year47 min ago Stiegelmeier named Missouri Valley coach of the year47 min ago Obama presents final Medal of Freedom honors48 min ago Force's Haiskanen commits to Cornell1 hour ago World's tallest water slide to be torn down after death1 hour ago Drunk driving lands North Dakota on worst drivers list1 hour ago more 〉 Top Ads ESTABLISHED FAMILY FARM SEEKING LAND TO RENT LONG ESTABLISHED FAMILY FARM SEEKING LAND TO RENT IN GRAND FORKS, TRAILL AND/OR POLK COUNTIES. GREAT Fall & Winter Fun Starts Now! Great selection of ATV's Motorcycles & Pioneer Side x Sides! Get your work or recreation needs now! LAND AUCTION – WRITTEN BID 163.62 +/- Acres – Clay County, MN Written Bids Due: Tuesday, November 29, 5: LAND AUCTION 358.56 +/- Acres – Logan County, ND Written Bids Due: Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Oral COLLECTIBLE AUCTION LOCATION: Villiard's, 2732 22nd Ave S, Moorhead, MN SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 10:00 AM FORENOON RETIREMENT FARM EQUIPMENT AUCTION SALE LOCATION: From the I-90 exit at Lakefield, Minnesota 5-1/2 miles north & LARGE EXCELLENT COLLECTIBLE & ANTIQUE AUCTION LOCATION: Villiard's, 2732 22nd Ave. S, Moorhead, MN GRAND FORKS AREA EQUIPMENT & TRUCK AUCTION LOCATION: Indoors at the Alerus Center, 1200 S. 42nd St, Grand Forks, ND (Just off I-29) MONDAY, STORAGE LIEN SALE BY AUCTION LOCATION: 3401 Main, Fargo, ND. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 3:00 PM LAND AUCTION 79.76 Acres Hunting Land - Becker County, MN Wednesday, December 14, 11:00 AM (CT) ONLINE AUCTION www.lockerfox.com CLOSES: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13 Go to www.lockerfox.com and search for ELROSA / SAUK CENTRE / BELGRADE FARM EQUIPMENT RETIREMENT AUCTION FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2, 11:00 AM LAND AUCTION 308.55 +/- Acres - Clay County, MN Tuesday, November 29, 11:00 am (CT) AUCTION • BIRD ISLAND, MN • CLEAN FARM EQUIPMENT ESTATE AUCTION WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 10:00 AM LOCATION: 3-1/4 GRAIN ELEVATOR LIQUIDATION ONLINE AUCTION COMPLETE LIQUIDATION OF THE OSLO, MINNESOTA FACILITIES OF 18th ANNUAL THANKSGIVING EXTRAVAGANZA Large 2 Day Auction Event SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 9:30 AM LARGE AUCTION TRACTORS - SKID LOADER - PAY LOADER - CONSTRUCTION - FORKLIFTS COLLECTOR TRACTORS & COIN AUCTION LOCATION: Villiard's, 2732 22nd Ave S, Moorhead, MN SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 3:00 PM ST. HILAIRE MACHINERY AUCTION LOCATION: St. Hilaire, MN. (6 miles south of Thief River Falls on Hwy. 32) SATURDAY COMBINED ESTATE AUCTION LOCATION: Berg Auction Center, 241 3rd St W, Halstad, MN. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 11:00 AM HOUSEHOLD & COLLECTIBLE AUCTION LOCATION: Villiard's, 2732 22nd Ave S, Moorhead, MN TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, LARGE SPORTS COLLECTIBLES AUCTION! LOCATION: Villiard's, 2732 22nd Ave S, Moorhead, MN SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, BASEMENT REPAIR SPECIALTIES Specializing in Basement Repair & Waterproofing. Sump Pumps & Egress Windows. Free Estimates! Call 701-237-5283 BASEMENT REPAIR NEEDS? ~ Wall Straightening ~ Stabilization ~ Draintile - Interior/Exterior ~ Floor/Wall replacement ~ Crack Repair ~ BATHROOMS are our specialty! We do ALL Home Remodeling & Repairs. Handy Randy's 701-232-0850 FUEL TANK & GRAIN BIN MOVING Up to 28 feet in diameter or 12,000 bushel; Hopper bins up to 5,000 bushels; Also move grain dryers and vertical AKC German Shorthair Pups For Sale. Go to: www.freyshorthairs.com or call 605-448-0035 or 605-906-0058 WE PAY CASH FOR GUNS Fargo Scheels 298-2918 EXPERIENCED HANDYMAN Repair, Remodel, Kitchen, Bath, Doors, Drywall, etc. Honest, Reasonable & Reliable. Call Selling your Home??? Get featured in: FM HOTLIST Buying a Home??? Find it here: www.fmhotlist.com Rodger Pape, Realtor Owner: FM HOTLIST Call or OPEN HOUSE: SUNDAY, 1-4PM 2406 12th St. W, West Fargo Unbelievable quality - unbelievable price!! a 3 level that feels more like a 2 story. 4 6653 59th Ave So. Fargo - $259,900 Call us direct and save more!!! Two bedroom Rambler - (2 more framed in lower level) master suite with tiled HUNTING LAND AUCTION: 80 Acres of Prime Becker County, MN Hunting Land for sale by Auction December 14, 11:00 A.M., 2016 at Detroit PRIVACY-PRIVACY-PRIVACY Own your own retreat! This wonderful property has its own creek and lake. 80 acres overlooking Pelican Lake. Perfect COTTON LAKE 20820 Leona Beach Rd., Rochert, MN 100 ft of level, sandy shoreline & a nice deep lot. Year around 3 bedroom home, 2 car garage • PELICAN LAKE • 100 ft Level Sandy Frontage! 21058 Co Hwy 20 , Pelican Rapids, MN 56572 Pelican Lake year around 4BD, 3BA home with 100 ft of IMMEDIATE OPENINGS Kids Beeing Kids Child Care Center & Preschool 1004 Westrac Drive S. Fargo, ND 58103 701-364-3673 6 weeks & older Lic # 09 Lil' Sprouts Daycare has openings! Call Darlene at 701-212-2272 (Lic.#09-85-6334-G) 34 Bred Cows, Preg checked for Spring Calving, Vac & Poured $1250. Call (218)261-1347 17 Cow/Calf Pairs, Exposed to Black Angus Bull, Vac & Poured $1450. Call (218)261-1347 Make the MOST of your valuable FARM LAND Demolition of old farmsteads & shelter belt removal. KEPLER SERVICES Int/Ext Painting, Staining, Wall Texturing & Repairs. 701-280-1306 THE GIRLS PAINTING Drywall Repair & Texturing Licensed & Insured (218) 443-2740 FARMLAND AUCTION: 308.55 +/- Acres - Clay County, MN. Features 271 +/- acres of cropland located 3 LAND FOR SALE Half Section of farmland in Cass County, North Dakota, will be offered for sale on sealed bids with a chance to raise bids at an oral LAND FOR SALE ON BIDS Ovid Township, LaMoure County, ND Written bids will be accepted for the following parcel located in LaMoure County, ND until Established Farmer Looking to Rent: Farm Land in Clay, Becker or Norman County or CRP Land coming out in 2017. Call: 218-280-1722 HUNTERS AND HORSE LOVERS TAKE A LOOK! FOR SALE-Lodge that is located next to Sheyenne Oakes Horse Campground in the Sheyenne Grasslands on FALL & WINTER FUN STARTS NOW! Ride More & Factory authorized clearance sales events happening now! RV Sports Inc. Snow removal for big or small parking lots and large walks. Call Today 701-261-6372 Commercial/Residential Snow removal services. Individual homes, townhome associations & businesses. Lic & Ins. Nate: 218-512-0528 or 701-552- RYAN ROOD CONSTRUCTION Commercial/Residential Licensed & Insured 701-799-9075 www.DuncanTrailersInc.com Hancock, MN 56244 320-212-5220 or 320-392-5361 WILL CONSIDER TRADES FLATBEDS & 97 Wilson, 48/96, SX, AR, AL floor. ALL OPENINGS: Infants welcome. 30 yrs exp, CPR & 1st Aid Certified. Behind Essentia. Exc. Ref. 232-1114 $$$$ CASH $$$$ FOR JUNK OR REPAIRABLE VEHICLES! 701-793-1388 *** COMPARE BEFORE YOU SELL *** Buying Repairables or Junkers CARS - PICKUPS - SUVS - VANS More $$ 701-730-2200 Free Tow buyingvehiclesfmarea@gmail. View all top ads » Account Manage My Account Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © INFORUM Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © INFORUM and Forum Communications Company 101 5th Street North Fargo, ND 58102 Call us at (701) 235-7311 randomness

PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple seeds tvOS 10 beta 6 to developers Apple seeds tvOS 10 beta 6 to developers August 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Alongside various other betas, today Apple seeds its sixth tvOS 10 beta to developers. TvOS 10 brings some notable changes to the platform such as single sign-on and a dark mode. It’s highly not recommended to run this beta as it may cause problems with your Apple TV down the road. However, to proceed: head to Apple’s Developer portal and download the necessary profile to your Mac or PC. Plug the device in via the USB-C port on the back of your Apple TV and fire up iTunes. From there, tap Option (Mac) / Shift (Windows) + Update and select the profile. Once completed, head over to your Apple TV’s settings > system > Software Update. If it does not appear, reboot your Apple TV and it should prompt you to update. If you spot anything interesting, be sure to leave us a comment below! Tags: Apple TV, Developers, tvOS, tvOS 10, tvOS 10 beta, tvOS 10 beta 6 About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds watchOS 3 beta 6 to developers Apple seeds macOS 10.12 beta 6 to developers → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home Theater > Twitter could be planning to bring live-streaming… Twitter could be planning to bring live-streaming NFL games to the Apple TV By Kris Wouk — August 15, 2016 10:10 AM Subscribe to this topic Debby Wong/Shutterstock Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Early this year, a number of big names were vying for the rights to stream games from the 2016 NFL season online, with Twitter emerging as the victor. Now it seems the company is looking for a way to offer live games to football fans on their TVs instead of their computers or mobile devices. Related: NFL announces its entire lineup of Twitter livestreams, check out the full list here The social media company is reportedly in talks with Apple about bringing its app to the Apple TV as a way of offering live-streaming events including games from the 2016 NFL season, according to a report from the New York Times. Other live-streaming events like college sports could also be part of the deal, though no other events were mentioned specifically. Why Twitter needs to discuss the app with Apple remains unclear. With the new tvOS-powered Apple TV, the app ecosystem works similarly to the iOS and Mac app stores, whereas previously, Apple was much more hands-on with Apple TV apps. One reason this could be happening is Apple’s rumored plans for a universal guide that helps viewers find content across various services. The company was reportedly talking to certain content providers about the necessary hooks to provide relevant metadata, which could be happening here. Where and how to watch NFL games is getting more complicated than ever, with the TV rights split between NBC, CBS, and the NFL’s own NFL Network. The live-streaming situation is less complex, but CBS News president David Rhodes says that networks are still unsure of how to approach working with companies like Twitter. “We, as a television news organization, and the social media platforms are sort of sizing each other up, trying to figure out what the relationship is going to be,” Rhodes told the New York Times. “Are they distributors? Are they promotional platforms? Are they creators in their own right?” Related: Twitter is now the home of college sports live-streams thanks to Campus Insiders deal For the time being, neither Apple or Twitter are commenting on the matter, though we may not have long to wait — the 2016 NFL season kicks off on September 15, and Twitter is planning to stream the season opener between the Denver Broncos and Carolina Panthers. Also watch: Pokémon GO game app surges past Twitter and Facebook Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Apple Crunch Report | Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out Just because you can play Doom on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar doesn’t mean you should Browse more... Apple releases its 6th developer betas for iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS Posted Aug 15, 2016 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story People are still crazy about Pokemon Go Barely a week after Apple released its fifth developer beta builds of its iOS, tvOS, watchOS and MacOS Sierra platforms, the sixth beta releases have now arrived in short order. Given the quick turnaround time, there isn’t much that’s changed between the previous and current builds, besides some minor bug fixing, it appears. In addition, Apple also rolled out the iOS 10 public beta 5, which is the version of the operating system available to non-developers who want to try out the new features ahead of the public launch. As we get closer to the expected September public launch of iOS, the betas have gotten more stable and the new features they introduce in each build have been of lesser importance, generally speaking. Instead, they’re more focused squashing bugs. For instance, early testers are reporting in the comments of a 9to5Mac blog post about the betas that the new iOS beta is fixing the dock glitch which saw the background of the dock move around and become distorted when the iPad was moved. First introduced at this year’s WWDC, iOS 10 will bring a number of new features, including redesigned Music and News apps, an updated lock screen, redesigned Notification Center widgets, a revamped iMessage experience, a new “learn to code” app called Swift Playgrounds, a more powerful version of Siri and more.  MacOS Sierra, meanwhile, will introduce Siri to the desktop and include an updated Photos app and version of Safari, offering picture-in-picture mode, among other things. Apple TV is getting a dark mode and single sign-on for authenticated TV apps. WatchOS is also getting a makeover with a redesigned user interface, removal of the “friends” screen when pushing the side button, and faster launching apps. According to a recent report from Bloomberg, Apple is planning to unveil new versions of the iPhone at its September 7th event, but it may not be announcing its overhaul MacBook Pros at the same time. However, final releases of iOS tend to arrive just ahead of new iPhones, which means we could see iOS 10 publicly launch as soon as September 14, notes to 9to5Mac. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 3 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 17 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 18 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 18 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 58 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 1 hour ago | Ingrid Lunden UK wants to censor ‘non-conventional’ sex videos 1 hour ago | John Biggs Security researchers can turn headphones into microphones 1 hour ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next People are still crazy about Pokemon Go Posted Aug 15, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 17 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 17 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 18 hours ago by Lora Kolodny The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 3 hours ago by Brian Heater Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 23 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Security researchers can turn headphones into microphones 1 hour ago by John Biggs
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store By Katie Collins CNET August 15, 2016, 1:49 PM Apple could be planning 10.5-inch iPad Pro for 2017 The new iPad Pro is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephen Lam Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email At this point in the 21st century, it's safe to assume that the annual cycle of new Apple products is as regular as the progression of the lunar calendar. A report released on Monday and spotted by MacRumors has given us a glimpse of what to expect from the tech giant in both 2017 and 2018. Three new iPads are slated for release next year, according to Ming-Chui Kuo, a KGI securities analyst with a strong track record of getting Apple predictions spot on. Top of the bill will be a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, which should prove appealing to those who are keen to experience Apple's top tablet in a neat midsized package. It will be joined by a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 and a more affordable 9.7-inch iPad. Kuo also predicts that Apple will adopt OLED technology for the iPad in 2018 -- something it is rumored to be implementing on the iPhone next year. The result will be the first iPad to feature a flexible screen, with the hardware upgrade accompanied by radical changes in the iPad's interface. This article originally appeared on CNET.com. CNET Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Young female soccer players meet their heroes Carli Lloyd: "You don't want to go against the grain" Bruno Mars on songwriting: "It has to sound like me" "'Uptown Funk' was in the trashcan about 10 times" Who is Fethullah Gulen? Play Video Thanksgiving travel by car Play Video Thanksgiving travel rush Play Video Trump softens positions Play Video Tennessee school bus tragedy Play Video Presidential Medal of Freedom Previous Next 45 Photos 2016 AMAs red carpet 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 16 Photos Rise in hate crimes following Trump's election win 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump "doesn't wish to" pursue charges against Hillary Clinton Here's how Trump's transition compares to past transitions Trump appears to back away from some campaign promises New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /News/Exclusive/Gallery/Lists/Longform/Opinion News 5 kickass features the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro needs By Todd Haselton | August 15, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo A report published by KGI Securities analyst Ming Chi Kuo this morning suggests that Apple is working to build a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro to launch during fiscal 2017. It sounds like Apple will then launch a totally redesigned iPad the following year, when it starts to deploy new software features and AMOLED displays. In anticipation of these new products, I thought it would be fun to discuss some new features I hope Apple adds. 1. Iris scanner The iris scanner on the Galaxy Note 7 is one of my favorite features introduced on Samsung’s new flagship smartphone. It allows a user to unlock the device effortlessly, simply by looking just above the display. It’s incredibly fast, and seems to be more useful than fingerprint readers, which I’ve found seem to get less accurate over time, requiring the end user to re-authenticate his or her prints. Given the the size of the iPad, particularly the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, this could make logging in less cumbersome. 2. A place to store the Apple Pencil I bought an iPad Pro recently, and I’m loving the Apple Pencil. One of the most frustrating things, however, is that I’m constantly losing it inside my bag. Apple needs to create something better – whether it’s a magnet like the Surface Pro 4 employs, or a dedicated area inside the tablet like Samsung uses for the Galaxy Note. 3. Fast Charging My goodness the iPad charges far too slowly for my tastes. Samsung has started to add its Adaptive Fast Charging technology to new tablets, including the TabPro S, but Apple still hasn’t deployed any such technology to its tablets or smartphones. It’s time for that to change. There’s no reason we should be sitting at the outlet for hours before heading on a flight or onto a train, worried that our iPads won’t be fully charged ahead of time. 4. 3D Touch I’m still shocked Apple launched the iPad Pro without 3D Touch. The company introduced the technology first in the Apple Watch and then again MacBook Pro trackpad and in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, but it still hasn’t been used in the iPad. My guess is that the display technology is too expensive for that sort of implementation, at least if Apple wants to keep the sales margins its investors love. Given that 3D Touch is built into new applications and allows new experiences in iOS 10, though, I hope (and expect) Apple to introduce this with its next-gen iPad Pro. 5. Keep the headphone jack This shouldn’t be a feature I have to ask for, but I’m doing it anyway. If Apple ditches the 3.5mm headphone jack on the iPhone 7, my guess is it will start to do the same with the iPad Pro and all of its products. Given I’m sitting here plugged into the headphone jack right now, though, it’s a feature I definitely still rely on and hope Apple doesn’t ditch. Sadly, I bet this is the most unlikely thing on the list — maybe right up there with the iris scanner. Topics #10.5-inch iPad Pro #Apple #iPad Pro Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Apple releases iOS 10 beta 6, public beta 5 By Brandon Russell | August 15, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo One week after releasing iOS 10 beta 5, Apple has rolled out another update for developers. Is the final version around the corner? Given the frequency of updates, it would seem Apple is ready to unleash the much-anticipated iOS 10 upon the world. In addition to iOS 10 beta 6, Apple has also rolled out the next public beta, which is available for non-developers as iOS 10 public beta 5. It’s unclear if there are any new features in the latest versions, but it’s very likely Apple is focusing on squashing bugs and enhancing the software before a consumer version is ready to go. We’re expecting Apple to hold an event in early September, where the company will unveil the iPhone 7 in addition to a possible release date for iOS 10. Apple’s next mobile software introduces several new iMessage features, a redesigned lock screen, Home app for HomeKit, and more. Check out our hands-on of iOS 10 below. Source 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #Apple #iOS 10 Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective 9 high-paying jobs that didn't exist 10 years ago Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Samantha Stauf Aug 15th 2016 12:32PM Is your 9-to-5 job suffocating you? Tired of working a low-paying, high-stress job? Have you been watching in horror as your industry slowly dies around you? Now might be the time to replace your dead-end job with a shiny, new, and potentially lucrative career. While you can certainly dive into a traditional career (doctor, lawyer, teacher), why not check out a newer job prospect? Over the last decade, advances in technology, changes in government policy, and shifts in social norms have gradually led to the birth of new careers. Here are nine jobs that didn't exist 10 years ago. (See also: Escape Your Dying Industry With One of These 8 Careers, Instead) 1. App Developer In 2008, software developers created 800 applications for the Apple app store. In less than 10 years, the number of apps available on the Apple App store has ballooned to 2,000,000. The popularity of applications created the need for a new specialization within the software development community: the app developer. App developers are responsible for developing, creating, and modifying the application software. In May of 2015, the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) estimated that there were 747,730 app developer jobs. And the mean hourly wage for the position is $49.12. 2. Data Scientist Businesses utilize free store Wi-Fi and cameras to track customer movements, information received from credit card purchases, and mobile payments to delve into customer behavior and patterns. Information gained from the data can help businesses determine what to stock, how often to send out coupons, what to set the price to, and how product placement will influence customers. Data scientists are the people that collect data from individual sources, analyze the data for patterns, and make recommendations based on that data to managers and executives. Data scientists make a median salary of $91,146. And individuals who aren't lucky enough to make the median salary make at least $63,000 a year. RELATED: The best jobs for tech lovers: 11 PHOTOS Best jobs for tech lovers See Gallery Best jobs for tech lovers Senior Web Developer 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $111,250 - $154,000 Photo credit: Getty Data Engineer 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $129,500 - $183,500 Photo credit: Getty Information Technology Auditor 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $105,750 - $159,000 Photo credit: Getty Database Administrator 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $95,750 - $142,750 Photo credit: Getty Systems Engineer​ 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $85,000 - $124,000 Photo credit: Getty Business Analyst 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $84,000 - $122,000 Photo credit: Getty Desktop Support  2016 U.S. Salary Range: $54,250 - 80,500 Photo credit: Getty Database Administrator 2016 U.S. Salary Range: $95,750 - $142,750 Photo credit: Getty Mobile Applications Developer  2016 U.S. Salary Range: $115,250 - $175,750 Photo credit: Getty Telecommunications Manager  2016 U.S. Salary Range: $88,500 - $125,000 Photo credit: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – ​​​​​​​ 3. Ebook Editor In 2007, the first major e-reading devices hit the shelves. For the first time, readers could have an entire library of books at their fingertips anywhere they went. The creation of ebooks not only changed how people could read, but it also made it easier for writers to self-publish their work. Amazon's Direct Publishing program, for example, will publish an author's work for free and provide royalties based on how many people purchase the book. The increase in writers self-publishing led to a new career and freelance opportunity: ebook formatting and editing. Formatters set up the backend HTML of the ebooks to ensure that the author has a professional ebook as they go through the publication process. Professionals within this field tend to charge anywhere from $50 to $200 dollars per book. 4. Geriatric Care Managers Over the last decade, a large number of the United States population have reached the stage where they can no longer live entirely alone without help. This has left a large number of families with the difficult task of ensuring that their elderly loved ones have all the care that they need. The job entails analyzing what type of care and services are required, making a care plan, dealing with the technical details of setting up required services, and continuing to monitor the quality of the current care plan provided. This profession requires at least a Bachelor's degree in a field related to care management (nursing, mental health, counseling, etc.). Once you have the degree, you can become certified in care management. According to PayScale, the median salary for geriatric care managers is $47,693. 5. Genetic Counselor Health care has gradually moved toward a patient-centered care format. In a nutshell, this focus tries to foresee, prevent, and manage illnesses to prevent costly hospitalization. Genetic counselors are a new addition to the health care field in the wake of this industry philosophy change. They dive into an individual's personal history to assess the potential for genetic disorders or birth defects in future offspring, as well as the development of genetic diseases in adults. The job requires a Master's degree in genetic counseling or genetics. According to the BLS, genetic counselors can make up to $72,090. The current pool of available jobs as of 2014 was only 2,400, but the career is prospected to grow by 29% by 2024. 6. Information Security Analyst Implementing good cyber security plans is a vital aspect of any business plan. The Internet has made the potential for cyber criminals to steal vital business or patient information incredibly high. Information security analysts protect companies from cyber threats by conducting security threat assessments, planning how to protect the company from threats, and implementing the new security measures to protect the company's network. The median salary, according to the BLS, as of 2015 was $90,120. There are currently 82,900 information security analyst jobs. That number is projected to grow 18% by 2024. 7. Medical Records and Health Informatics Technician (HIT) Technology has radically changed the health care field in the last few years. One of the major changes is the implementation of electronic health records to track patient care and patient history to improve the quality and safety of care. Health informatics professionals are the people who plan, implement, and maintain EHR systems. On top of their EHR duties, professionals often deal with billing, create multimedia projects to educate patients, securely exchange electronic health information between care providers, and research health care trends. According to the BLS, median pay for HIT professionals is $37,110. As of 2014, there were 188,600 jobs. There is expected to be a 15% growth which will result in 29,000 more jobs by 2024. RELATED: The best jobs for a healthy work-life balance: 11 PHOTOS The best jobs for healthy work-life balance See Gallery The best jobs for healthy work-life balance Data Scientist  Salary: $106,939 Photo credit: Getty  Social Media Manager Salary: $107,473 Photo credit: Getty SEO Manager Salary: $111,038 Photo credit: Getty   Web Designer Salary: $70,580 Photo credit: Getty  Content Manager Salary: $92,583  Photo credit: Getty Lab Assistant Salary: $53,912 Photo credit: Getty Dietician  Salary: $56,890 Photo credit: Getty Elementary School Teacher Salary: $54,814  Photo credit: Getty Human Resources Manager  Salary: $94,993  Photo credit: Getty Civil Engineer  Salary: $95,550 Photo credit: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – ​​​​​​​ 8. Social Media Specialist The major social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter hit the scene in the early 2000s. As more people started using them, businesses began to realize that they could be an easy way to connect with the public. Thus, the need for social media specialists were born. Social media specialists are responsible for maintaining all of a company's social media platforms, interacting with potential customers online, crafting a social media strategy to attract more customers or clients, and analyzing social media data metrics. According to PayScale, the median salary for social media specialists is $40,821. 9. YouTubers YouTube was founded in 2005. But It wasn't until the last 10 years that individuals with YouTube channels started making their video creation efforts a profitable endeavor. There are various strategies that YouTubers utilize to monetize their videos. YouTube allows video creators to monetize their videos with ads, or engage in affiliate marketing with companies within the video. Individual gets paid when viewers sign up for the product or make a purchase. More from Wisebread: How to write a resume: 12 steps to your next job Getting by without a job, part 1--losing a job Meet Meg Favreau, our senior editor Tags App Store Congenital disorder Genetic counseling Health Informatics High-paying Jobs HiT Entertainment Internet Job Industry PayScale Related Social Media Technology YouTube Read Full Story Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 30 U.S. Cities Where You Can Buy Affordable Homes Under $250k 12 Jobs That Prove the Early Bird Gets the Worm Return Policy: The Stores With the Best (and Worst) Refund Rules Has Trump Already Developed Amnesia About 'Forgotten Man and Woman' Investors? The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon Recommended For You Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts These are the 10 highest-paying jobs in the US Amazon faces holiday shipping disaster as pilots go on strike Donald Trump's Foundation admits to 'self-dealing' in IRS filing: Report Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving 8 things you shouldn't buy on Black Friday 5 things you should do to get ready for our new president Google helps determine the best time to travel for Thanksgiving More to Explore From Our Partners Potential Treasury pick faces tough questionsCNNMoney Cuban MLB players 'kidnapped' at gunpointCNNMoney Brexit slashes U.K. household wealth by $1.5 trillionCNNMoney Ghostly pics of a dead mall tell an American storyCNNMoney Sanctuary cities risk billions in defiance of TrumpCNNMoney Entrepreneurs: Don't take away our ObamacareCNNMoney Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Wed, Nov 23 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close How to stream The Tragically Hip’s final August 20 concert Google rumoured to be building new operating system called Fuchsia Apple will reportedly release new 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017 Igor Bonifacic August 15, 2016 1:50pm Apple will release three new iPad models, lead by a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model and a “low cost” 9.7-inch model, in 2017, according to noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. “We expect three new iPads (12.9″ iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5″ iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7″ iPad) to be launched in 2017, though this may not drive shipment growth amid structural headwinds,” says Kuo in a report obtained by MacRumors. Noting a continued downturn in the tablet market, Kuo adds, “As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017. In addition, we estimate the 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 and 10.5-inch iPad Pro will adopt the A10X processor, with TSMC being the sole supplier using 10nm process technology. The low-cost 9.7-inch model may adopt the A9X processor, which is also exclusively supplied by TSMC. He does not mention whether Apple will release an iPad Mini 4 successor, which, while surprising at first blush, makes a lot of sense. As MacRumors notes, given the existence of the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus and large phones in general, demand for Apple’s smallest tablet has likely weakened since it was first introduced in 2012. With that in mind, Apple may have made the decision to start phasing out the model in favour of its larger siblings. Moving into 2018, Kuo says he expects a major revamp of the company’s entire iPad lineup. According to the analyst, Apple will commit to a “radical form factor” redesign in part thanks to the company’s planned adoption of AMOLED displays across its entire lineup of mobile devices. SourceMacRumors Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple releases iOS 10 beta 6, iOS 10 Public Beta 5 updates iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | August 15, 2016 38 shares 34 3 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               Apple is starting the new week with some fresh iOS 10 betas. Apple is now rolling out iOS 10 beta 6 for registered developers as well as iOS 10 Public Beta 5 for members of the Apple Beta Software Program. Both updates are available over the air by going into Settings > General > Software Update. Because the updates were just released, there hasn’t been quite enough time to dive into them and see if there are any major new features included. I’ll be sure to update you if anything new is discovered. Considering how far along we are into the iOS 10 beta process, though, it’s likely that these updates are focused more on squashing bugs and improving performance rather than rolling out new features. Apple has said that it’ll launch iOS 10 to the public in the fall. It’s rumored that the iPhone 7 will launch next month, and if it does, we’ll likely see iOS 10 released to the public around the same time. Via:  MacRumors iOS Apple Previous ArticleGoogle Duo video calling app launching on Android and iOS today Next ArticleApple reportedly prepping 10.5-inch iPad Pro for 2017 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Should LG double down on modular phones? More info on HTC's Nexus Sailfish and Marlin phones revealed by FCC BlackBerry Priv and DTEK50 receiving QuadRooter security patches My 3 most anticipated Android Nougat features View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured MacBook Pro (13-inch Touch Bar) First Look! Marco Hanna 1 week 44 min ago 5 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Chromecast Ultra Unboxing, Setup and Demo with Google Home Beau Hamilton 1 week 19 hours ago 12 shares 3 6 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 6 shares 3 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 33 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes HTC 10 33 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deal offers Sprint LG G5 getting Android 7.0 Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data T-Mobile News T-Mobile offering free flagship T-Mobile two lines free promo Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a Verizon Wireless Verizon Black Friday deals include Moto Z and Moto Z Force will begin Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Releases iOS 10 Beta 6 for Devs, Public Beta 5 for Everyone GO New betas now available for developers and public testers Aug 15, 2016 17:15 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple has just released two new betas of iOS 10, with the company synchronizing the developer beta and the public beta to ship both of them at the same time. iOS 10 beta 6 for developers and public beta 5 for testers can be downloaded right now via the standard software update system, as long as the iPhone is registered to receive preview versions of iOS 10. Without a doubt, the number one question concerns the changes that are available in this build. First of all, the information that Apple has posted in the software update screen doesn’t provide more than the usual bug fixes and improvements reference, so it’s hard to tell if anything has changed without actually installing the two betas. Fix for the dock bug But at first glance, it turns out that Apple has fixed one of the widespread bugs in the previous beta impacting the dock and causing flashes and pulsing icons when tilting the screen of the iPhone. We’ve described this bug in detail here, and fortunately, Apple has taken note and fixed it in record time. Other than that, given the rather small size of the updates, it appears that Apple hasn’t implemented too many visual changes, so the focus has been mostly on fixing bugs and improving performance. This seems to be a rushed release, though, and Apple most likely hurried up to bring these betas out as fast as possible to correct the aforementioned dock bug. We’re now installing the latest betas on our iPhones here at Softpedia and will let you know if there are any other major changes available for developers or public beta testers. But just like before, don’t forget that these are still preview builds of iOS 10, and bugs or performance issues are something to be expected. The final version of iOS 10 is likely to see daylight next month, so we’re less than a month away from GM, which means that Apple doesn’t have so much time to fix bugs that we come across in these builds. In other words, betas should become more stable as we get closer to the public release, so hopefully, today’s new versions bring important improvements in this regard.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Apple#iOS 10#iOS 10 beta#iPhone#iOS subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news This iOS 10 “Feature” Makes Your iPhone One of a Kind - Updated Apple Declines, Samsung Grows, but iPhone Still Dominates Mobile World - Study Apple Releases Fourth iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 Sierra Public Betas, Update Now Apple Seeds Fifth Betas of iOS 10, macOS Sierra, tvOS 10, and watchOS 3 to Devs iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March Hackers Could Infect Headphones to Spy on You HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks 2 photos    iOS 10 beta 6 available for devs new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Samsung Gear Manager for iOS Leaked, Lets You Use Gear S2/S3 with iPhones more on: Samsung i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wall Street hits new record highs By Afp Published: 12:34 EST, 15 August 2016 | Updated: 12:35 EST, 15 August 2016 e-mail US stocks climbed back into record territory Monday as rising oil prices boosted petroleum-linked equities while European markets were little changed. London and Frankfurt saw small gains while Paris was nearly flat in the absence of major European data and with trading subdued on a national holiday in France and parts of Germany. Investors are also waiting for the UK's first official hard data since the Brexit vote, with statistics coming out later this week on inflation, unemployment and retail sales. The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the broad-based S&P 500 rose 0.4 percent around mid-day in New York as the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced nearly 0.7 pecent ©Drew Angerer (Getty/AFP) But on Wall Street all three indices were above record highs struck last week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the broad-based S&P 500 rose 0.4 percent around mid-day in New York as the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced nearly 0.7 pecent. On the tech side Twitter shares jumped six percent on a New York Times report that it was in talks with Apple to bring its streaming of US NFL football games this fall to Apple TV. Apple stock was up over one percent. Dow members Chevron and ExxonMobil gained as oil prices rose on speculation that producers in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries would agree to limit output next month and ease the global supply glut. In London BP shares closed up one percent. In Asia most markets advanced on Monday but Tokyo dipped as official figures showed Japan's economy stalled in the second quarter. Data showed growth in the world's third largest economy was flat at zero percent quarter-on-quarter, missing predictions for a 0.2 percent expansion in the April-June period, on weak exports and lower business spending. Japanese officials are under increasing pressure to deliver as economists are writing off Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's years-long bid to cement a lasting recovery, dubbed Abenomics. Tokyo recently announced a whopping 28 trillion yen ($276 billion) package aimed at kickstarting growth. "The recently announced fiscal and monetary stimulus measures were clearly insufficient to satiate the market’s appetite," said London Capital Group analyst Ipek Ozkardeskaya. "The bulk of investors expect to hear more measures from the government and Bank of Japan (BoJ) to boost growth. The problem is that neither the BoJ, nor Shinzo Abe’s government have much left in their pockets to satisfy the unappeasable hunger for free liquidity." - Shanghai jumps - Elsewhere in Asia, Sydney, Wellington and Kuala Lumpur also saw gains, even after poor economic data from the eurozone and the United States on Friday left stocks under pressure. Chinese shares rallied on hopes the government would soon launch a scheme to link trading on the Shenzhen exchange with the Hong Kong bourse. Hong Kong rose 0.7 percent, while Shanghai finished the day up 2.4 percent after the China Securities Regulatory Commission said on Friday that the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme would be launched this year. China launched a landmark "stock connect" between Shanghai and Hong Kong in late 2014, which allowed investors to trade selected stocks on Shanghai's tightly restricted exchange and let mainland investors buy shares in Hong Kong. - Key figures around 1600 GMT - London - FTSE 100: UP 0.4 percent at 6,941.19 points (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 0.2 percent at 10,739.21 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN. 0.05 percent at 4,497.86 (close) EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.16 percent at 3,049.90 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.3 percent at 16,869.56 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP 2.4 percent at 3,125.20 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 0.7 percent at 22,932.51 (close) New York - DOW: UP 0.4 percent at 18,655.26 Euro/dollar: UP at $1.1199 from $1.1165 Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.2878 from $1.2918 Dollar/yen: DOWN at 101.06 yen from 101.27 yen Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spree with his ex's card after she leant it to him to buy food Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during third day of his Caribbean tour  Going green Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle Going for a spin A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list One to forget? All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause The King is back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from Game Of Thrones as she joins Mel Gibson for The Professor And The Madman filming Goodbye, classroom. Hello, Loose Women! GBBO winner Candice reveals she feels 'horrendous' about ditching teaching for baking career 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' HBO releases long-awaited 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls 10-episode swan song Jesy Nelson looks in great spirits as she struts to Little Mix's interview in racy thigh-high boots... amid claims she 'split from fiancé Jake Roche weeks ago' Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as children beg them to be nice to each other' Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney cat clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Feline fine  Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who hospitalized him' in psychotic episode that forced Kim to cancel comeback 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close friend Kanye West Rapper was hospitalised on Monday 'I'm married and I have a propensity to shag strangers': Former party boy Robbie Williams reveals why he now chooses to stay home over a night out Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie because it's her 'reality'  Speaking out  No pain, no gain: Real Housewives star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Pampering Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Waterproof iPhone In The Works: Rumor 15 August 2016, 9:31 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple recently patented a technology to make underwater photography great again. This could mean that the upcoming mobile devices from the company will be IP68-certified, but nothing is official yet.  ( Apple | USPTO ) Advertisement Apple is preparing to roll out its iPhone 7 this autumn and rumors on the device are piling up, the latest being that waterproofing might be in store. The rumor is based on a patent the company secured this week, which describes a system that color-balances underwater photos. The reasoning is that if the OEM wants you to have the technology for making underwater photos crystal clear, it will roll out a device able to take said photos, as well. The patent does not detail how the gadget carrying the underwater photography software might work, but it does mention that the software is mobile-friendly, referencing iPhones and iPads specifically. Keep in mind that at the moment of the writing, none of Apple's devices are branded as waterproof, but a number of cases manufactured by third-parties tend to fill that demand. The underwater photography-oriented software might mean that Apple has some scuba diving-friendly devices in tow. Additional reasons lead one to believe that the OEM's next handset, the iPhone 7, will be waterproof. Multiple rumors surfaced about the company building the new phone without a headphone jack, as the orifice is particularly vulnerable to water. Apple fans greeted the news of no headphone jack with reluctance and irritation. Take note that the headphone jack is analog technology, whereas the replacement, the Lightning cable, is digital. In its upcoming handsets, Apple could embed software that would block smartphone owners from playing pirated music through the Lightning port. Such infringement on the users' right to play whatever type of file they want was not possible with analog technology. Interestingly enough, rival smartphone makers have managed to keep the standard headphone jack and still secure IP68 certifications (the official waterproof rating) from the regulators. The latest three flagship models from Samsung — the Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S7 edge and the Galaxy Note 7 — are all water-resistant and equipped with classic headphones. As with most patents, there is no actual guarantee that Apple will make the software an integral part of its upcoming device, so until we have official confirmation of the fact, take it with a grain of salt. Apple fans are on their toes waiting for the showcasing of iPhone 7, scheduled to take place in the beginning of September. Whether owners of the iPhone 7 will be able to jump in the pool and take great photos with their new smartphones remains to be seen, but we certainly hope they do. TAG Apple, iPhone 7, waterproof technology, waterproof smartphone © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Patent Hints At How Optical Zoom Could Work On Dual-Camera iPhone 7 Waterproof iPhone 7 With Self-Healing Materials Could Be In The Cards, Apple Patent Reveals iPhone 7 Could Be Waterproof: Apple Patent Shows Speakers That Can Use Sound To Eject Liquids From Speakers From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Tablets/ Apple iPad/ New iPad Rumors Tip 3 Models in 2017 New iPad Rumors Tip 3 Models in 2017 By Angela Moscaritolo August 15, 2016 12:15pm EST 10 Comments Said to be on tap is a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, and a "low-cost" 9.7-inch model. With summer coming to an end, we've been hearing tons of rumors about Apple's upcoming iPhone and MacBooks. Now, we have some news about the iPad lineup. MacRumors got its hands on a new research report from noted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, which tips some major changes to Apple's tablet lineup next year and beyond. According to the Mac-focused blog, Kuo expects Apple to release three new iPads next year, ranging from 9.7 to 12.9 inches. Said to be on tap is a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, and — perhaps most exciting — a new, "low-cost" 9.7-inch model. But what about the iPad mini, you ask? MacRumors said Kuo "makes no mention about the fate of the current 7.9-inch" Apple tablet. The site, however, goes on to say that "many have assumed that model may be phased out as the recent 5.5-inch iPhone 'Plus' models have helped lessen demand for Apple's smallest tablet," so the scaled-down slate might be dunzo. //Related Articles The 100 Best iPad Apps of 2016 Meanwhile, Kuo is forecasting some even bigger — "revolutionary" — changes further in the future. The analyst reckons that Apple will release a model in 2018 "at the earliest" with "radical" design changes and a flexible AMOLED display. In the meantime, Apple fans can mark their calendars (in pencil) on Sept. 7. Bloomberg last week reported that the Cupertino tech giant has an event scheduled that day "to introduce next-generation versions of the iPhone." Last year, Apple held its fall iPhone event on Sept. 9 and released the phones Sept. 25. Until then, check out PCMag's reviews of the exiting 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. Back to top Previous : Patent Suggests Apple Pencil Might Work With Mac Trackpad iPad Pro Rumor Points to New Models Next Spring Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Oops: Facebook's Internet Drone Crashed Facebook previously shared some details about the test flight, but this is the first we're hearing a... More » Nearly Half the World Is Online There's almost as many mobile subscriptions as people on Earth, but 3.9 billion remain offline. More » Google Will Tell You How Crowded Places Are in Real Time You can also now see how long people typically stay at a given location, so you can 'plan your itine... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Click Apple iPad Plans Include 'Radical, Revolutionary' Changes New Apple iPads are expected next year, with bigger changes coming in 2018. (Apple) BRIAN DEAGON 8/15/2016 Reprints Apple (AAPL) is expected to introduce three new iPads in 2017, followed by significant changes to the portable device in 2018. Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities, in a research note, said he expects Apple to introduce three new iPads: a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, 10.5-inch iPad Pro and a low-cost 9.7-inch iPad. KGI Securities is a wholly owned subsidiary of China Development Financial. Kuo predicts "revolutionary" and "radical" changes for the iPad in 2018 that will include a shift to active-matrix organic light-emitting diode (AMOLED) flexible displays, as reported by MacRumors and others. He also expects changes in form factor design. "We believe iPad will follow in the footsteps of the iPhone by adopting AMOLED panels in 2018 at the earliest," Kuo wrote. "If Apple can truly tap the potential of a flexible AMOLED panel, we believe the new iPad model will offer new selling points through radical form factor design and user behavior changes, which could benefit shipments." Kuo remains cautious in his predictions of iPad shipments due to a current lack of new models. He lowered his 2016 shipment forecast for iPads to a range of 35 million to 45 million units this year, down from 45 million to 50 million. But even with newly updated models in 2017, however, Kuo predicts tablet shipments will continue to decline as part of ongoing trends in the market. Apple stock finished the trading day up 1.2% to 109.48 on the stock market today. Apple stock is up 4% this year. IBD'S Take: With company sales declining in the past two quarters year over year, Apple needs new products to drive growth. The N in IBD's CAN SLIM Investing System stands for "new," such as new products, services or management that can help drive profits and share prices higher. Apple is also planning a long-overdue upgrade to its MacBook Pro line of notebook computers. According to a Bloomberg report, the new laptops will be thinner, have an OLED touch-screen strip for function keys and offer more powerful graphics processors, the article said. The new MacBooks will be unveiled this fall, when the company also is expected to update its iPhone and Apple Watch. The hardware launch likely will be timed with the release of Apple's latest Mac operating system called Sierra. BRIAN DEAGON | Facebook | @IBD_BDeagon Share this: Related news Hewlett Packard Enterprise is among companies that could benefit from a tax break on repatriated cash. (AP) Cisco, HPE View: Overseas Cash Trumps Cautious Outlooks 12:31 PM ET HPE and Cisco are in the same boat amid light 2017 guidance: Will Trump’s tax reform lets them bring back... 12:31 PM ET HPE and Cisco are in the same boat amid light... GameStop Up On Q3 Earnings Beat, Diversification Strategy Apple, Amazon, Macy's Lead Investing Action Plan For Black Friday Strong Notebook PC Sales Give HP A Lift, But EPS Guide Misses Apple Is A Buy; Veeva, HPE, Urban Outfitters Near Breakouts With Earnings Due: Action Plan Apple Quits Wireless Router Business: Report Apple Poised For Prime Spot Under Christmas Tree Apple Plays Negan With Smartphone Industry Profits Netflix Is A Buy, Freeport PT Hiked, Cirrus Logic Started At Hold Today's Spotlight Join us in Los Angeles Get comprehensive training in this 2-day event from top portfolio managers and stock market experts! IBD is Live on Facebook! Follow us on Facebook and watch our live videos and get actionable insight on stocks, the market and more! Try MarketSmith Catch stocks before they make their big move. Take a 3-week trial for only $19.95. More News Eli Lilly said Wednesday that an Alzheimer's treatment failed to deliver statistically meaningful results in a stage 3 clinical trial. (iStockphoto) Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Key Trial; Lilly, Biogen Dive Shares of Apple, UPS and e.l.f. Beauty are in buy range while Macy's is nearing a breakout. (Apple) Apple, Amazon, Macy's Lead Investing Action Plan For Black Friday See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report Will Black Friday Be A Turkey? Which Retail Stocks Are Standouts? TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
null
Toggle navigation ABOUT US CONTACT US AUTHORS search Home News Latest News Startups Social Mobile Gadgets Gaming Apps Autos All Topics Reviews Smartphones Wearable Tablets/Laptops/Ultrabooks Event CES E3 Google-I/O WWDC How To Videos E3 Companies search E3 News Here’s Why Sony Didn’t Announce PlayStation Neo at E3 2016 E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 The Division: More Gear Sets on Their Way to E3 Previous Next Report: Apple Plans to Introduce 10.5-inch iPad in 2017 Report: Apple Plans to Introduce 10.5-inch iPad in 2017 KGI security analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo believes that Apple will introduce three new iPad models next year By: Staff Writer on Aug 15, 2016 at 11:02 am EST More articles on: Apple Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Add to Flipboard Magazine. According to the well-known KGI security analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will add three more tablets in its iPad line up next year. Mr. Kuo believes that the iPhone maker will release a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, a less-expensive 9.7-inch iPad and a brand new iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch display screen. The report has ignited excitement among users mainly because of the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The 10.5-inch screen size is new in the company’s tablet range. However, it is unclear how Apple will justify another stock-keeping unit (SKU) by bringing a mere 0.8-inch diagonal increase in the 9.7-inch iPad. Currently, Apple offers iPads in three different screen sizes; the 7.9-inch iPad mini, the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. The report suggests that by bringing another screen size to its iPad line up, the company aims to target customers who prefer medium-sized tablets. The 10.5-inch iPad seems to be the best fit for commercial and educational segments. It was reported last week that while the overall demand for iPad has declined, Apple continues to experience a surge in the demand of its tablet from businesses and the government. Demand for Apple products from the enterprise market has remained stronger as compared to the consumer market. Discussing next year’s iPad line-up, Mr. Kuo said: “We expect three new iPads (12.9" iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5" iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7" iPad) to be launched in 2017, though this may not drive shipment growth amid structural headwinds; 2017F shipments to fall 10-20% YoY. If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5" model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets.” Interestingly, Mr. Kuo did not mention anything about the 7.9-inch iPad mini in the report. If the iPhone maker unveils the 10.5-inch iPad in 2017, it is likely that the company will drop the 7.9-inch iPad from its product line up. This makes sense because users are more inclined towards larger screens. According to the KGI security analyst, the iPhone maker will launch an OLED screen iPad in 2018. For now, the only product with an OLED screen in the company’s portfolio is the Apple Watch. Several rumors have been making rounds that suggest the company plans to use OLED screen in the 2016 Macbook Pro and next year’s iPhone. The company is yet to comment on the report. However, it seems like Apple loyalists have a lot in store for them in the near future. We are keeping our fingers crossed till next year, which is when the 10.5-inch iPad is expected to make an appearance. Editing by Omair Siddiqui; Graphics by Waqas Khan Get the TNT App Staff Writer on Aug 15, 2016 at 11:02 am EST STAY CONNECTED FOLLOW TNT NOW @TNT_dotcom Share on Facebook Share on Twitter comments section Disqus Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sign Up to Receive a daily dose of tech straight to your inbox (success) SUBMIT Enter Email Address TRENDING Gaming Grand Theft Auto is Take Two Interactive’s Prized Treasure Latest Android Pay: Uber Promotions, Chase Visa Additions, Mobile Web Payments Latest How to Stream and What to Expect from Apple iPhone Event Gaming Mafia 3 to be Supported by Three “Major” Expansions and Tons of Free Stuff Gaming Acer Predator 21X: Could the Dominion of Desktop PCs be Over? Gaming Pokemon Go: Poke Ball That Actually Works Terms And Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2015 Tech News Today
CIO Insights & Innovation Security & Risk Strategy Team Building & Staffing IT Strategy Digital Business Project Management Programming Languages Dr. Dobb's Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Productivity/Collaboration Apps Network Security Careers & People Threat Intelligence IoT Attacks & Breaches Application Security Cloud Security Endpoint Security Mobile Security Perimeter Security Risk Management Operations Security Analytics Vulnerabilities & Threats Security & Risk Strategy Infrastructure as a Service Platform as a Service Software as a Service Cloud Storage Data Centers Mobile Applications Mobile Devices Mobile Business Enterprise Mobility Management Big Data Analytics Hardware/Architectures Software Platforms IoT Networking Storage Wireless Infrastructure Data Center Unified Communications Cloud Infrastructure Applications Careers PCs and Servers Net Security Government Healthcare Wall Street & Technology Bank Systems & Technology Insurance & Technology Industries Government Healthcare Wall Street & Technology Bank Systems & Technology Insurance & Technology IT Life Mobile Mobile Applications Mobile Devices Mobile Business Enterprise Mobility Management Software Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Productivity/Collaboration Apps Informationweek Network Computing Dark Reading Tech Library University About Us Advertise Home News & Commentary Authors Slideshows Video Reports White Papers Events University Interop IT Leadership IoT DevOps Software Security Cloud Mobile Data Management Infrastructure Industries Government Healthcare IT Life About Us Advertise Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS Follow IW: IT Leadership DevOps Security Cloud Data Management Infrastructure More Government // Cybersecurity 8/15/2016 12:05 PM Eric Zeman Commentary 6 comments Comment Now Login 50% 50% Tweet RELATED EVENTS Will Data & Humans Become Friends in 2017? Nov 22, 2016 Is data reaching a saturation point, or still in its infancy? Has data buried human experience in ...Read More>> RELATED CONTENT Ransomware Defense Strategies [Enterprise Mobility] How-To for IT Pros SQL Server 2005 Migration Checklist 4 Reasons You Should Build an Agile Data Mart 5 Ways to Transform Business Processes Tim Cook: Privacy Is Worth Protecting Apple CEO Tim Cook leans on the Founding Fathers to suggest the company did the right thing when asked by the FBI to unlock a terrorist's iPhone. It's an issue that affects IT professionals who need to protect company data, as well as consumers and their personal information. iPhone Encryption: 5 Ways It's Changed Over Time (Click image for larger view and slideshow.) Apple caused quite a stir earlier this year when it refused a request from the US Department of Justice to unlock a suspected terrorist's iPhone. At the time, Apple argued that the request would affect more than a single smartphone, that it was unconstitutional, and that it would weaken security for everyone. Now, Tim Cook, Apple's CEO, tells The Washington Post that the issue boils down to civil rights. In a wide-ranging interview that covers host of topics, the Post's Jena McGregor dug deep on the FBI's fight with Apple and Apple's response. "We knew it was going to be very, very difficult. And that the cards were stacked against us," responded Cook. "But we spent a lot of time on 'what is right here?'" First, Apple set out to determine if it even could unlock the iPhone per the FBI's request. Cook explains that exploring the technical issue helped determine its response to the FBI. As Cook told the Post: The lightbulb went off, and it became clear what was right: Could we create a tool to unlock the phone? After a few days, we had determined yes, we could. Then the question was, ethically, should we? We thought, you know, that depends on whether we could contain it or not. Other people were involved in this, too -- deep security experts and so forth, and it was apparent from those discussions that we couldn't be assured. The risk of what happens if it got out, we felt, could be incredibly terrible for public safety. Cook goes on to suggest that people should not need to be computer experts to set up privacy and security protections -- including ones from the government. From that point of view, consumers and businesses rely on companies such as Apple to do some of the work for them. Apple provides the encryption and iPhone owners are then allowed to create their own key. (Image: Peter Burnett/iStockphoto) Apple doesn't believe the government should have access to that or any other key. "In this case, it was unbelievably uncomfortable and not something that we wished for, wanted -- we didn't even think it was right. Honestly? I was shocked that [the FBI] would even ask for this," explained Cook. "That was the thing that was so disappointing that I think everybody lost. There are 200-plus other countries in the world. Zero of them had ever asked [Apple to do] this." [Read about Edward Snowden's new iPhone add-on for security.] The FBI eventually figured out how to unlock the iPhone in question without Apple's help. Privacy is a right to be protected, believes Cook: "In my point of view, [privacy] is a civil liberty that our Founding Fathers thought of a long time ago and concluded it was an essential part of what it was to be an American. Sort of on the level, if you will, with freedom of speech, freedom of the press." Clearly there is room to disagree with Apple's stance, as the FBI did. The argument takes on a more interesting color when one considers how it should apply to the phones owned by businesses and used by executives. Everyone knows smartphones contain hordes of personal and business data. What if the government wants or needs access to a phone that contains trade secrets or other sensitive company information? Should the phone maker be beholden to give that data to the government? Is it possible to protect business data while complying with law enforcement requests? It's certainly a topic IT and company leadership should be prepared to discuss. Eric is a freelance writer for InformationWeek specializing in mobile technologies. View Full Bio Comment  |  Email This  |  Print  |  RSS More Insights Webcasts Will Data & Humans Become Friends in 2017? Spearphishing & Targeted Social Engineering Attacks On Your Users More Webcasts White Papers [Enterprise Mobility] How-To for IT Pros 4 Reasons You Should Build an Agile Data Mart More White Papers Reports The Top Cybersecurity Risks & How Enterprises Are Responding [Research] Tackle Email Fraud with Comprehensive Targeted Threat Protection More Reports Comments Newest First  |  Oldest First  |  Threaded View [close this box] Login 50% 50% jastroff, User Rank: Ninja 8/17/2016 | 10:20:37 AM Re: Always surprised @vnewman2 - I wonder if Apple is the new Polaroid - a category buster, that had a long run, and then faded.  Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% vnewman2, User Rank: Ninja 8/16/2016 | 8:28:44 PM Re: Always surprised "Care taker instead of trail blazer" That's a fantastic way to put it. Not that I think he won't do anything earth-shattering without Steve - although I guess time will tell. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% Technocrati, User Rank: Ninja 8/16/2016 | 8:12:41 PM Re: Always surprised "...I don't think he will ever think of Apple as truly his!"   @vnewman2   I agree.  But rather than beat him up for his lack of vision as I might normally do, I have come to respect his stance here.  Cook understands himself and understands he is more of a care taker than a trail blazer.     And I supposed there is nothing wrong with that, we all have different strengths and doing a fraction of what Job's achieved doesn't appear to be his thing. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% Technocrati, User Rank: Ninja 8/16/2016 | 8:06:09 PM Re: Always surprised @Whoopty    I agree.   I disagree with Cook on many things but his stance here is commendable. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% vnewman2, User Rank: Ninja 8/16/2016 | 3:27:26 PM Re: Always surprised @Whoopty - I read the entire interview and agree that Jobs' death seems particularly traumatic for Cook, and I believe he attempts to run Apple using a "WWSD" (What would Steve do?) mentality. I don't think he will ever think of Apple as truly his! Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% Whoopty, User Rank: Ninja 8/16/2016 | 7:27:07 AM Always surprised Although I don't agree with Apple on a lot of its business pracices, I've always been pleasantly surprised when it continues to defend privacy. Steve Jobs was a big proponent of it and Cook seems to be following through with his ideals, which I'm really pleased to see. Good on him. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Reports How Enterprises Are Attacking the IT Security Enterprise To learn more about what organizations are doing to tackle attacks and threats we surveyed a group of 300 IT and infosec professionals to find out what their biggest IT security challenges are and what they're doing to defend against today's threats. Download the report to see what they're saying. Download Now! More Reports Subscribe to Newsletters Live Events Webinars More UBM Tech Live Events Interop ITX - The Independent Conference for Tech Leaders Attend SIP/SIP Trunking Track at Enterprise Connect Attend Enterprise Connect in Orlando, March 27-30, 2017 Will Data & Humans Become Friends in 2017? Containerized Apps - Changing Security Spearphishing & Targeted Social Engineering Attacks On Your Users Webinar Archives White Papers Ransomware Defense Strategies [Enterprise Mobility] How-To for IT Pros SQL Server 2005 Migration Checklist 4 Reasons You Should Build an Agile Data Mart 5 Ways to Transform Business Processes More White Papers Current Issue Top IT Trends to Watch in Financial Services IT pros at banks, investment houses, insurance companies, and other financial services organizations are focused on a range of issues, from peer-to-peer lending to cybersecurity to performance, agility, and compliance. It all matters. Download This Issue! Back Issues | Must Reads Video The Rise Of SDN: What It Means For ... 0 Comments Secrets To Building Better Products: Fail ... 0 Comments InformationWeek Elite 100: Celebrating ... 1 Comments Google Puts Its Stamp On The Network Of ... 1 Comments Beyond WiFi: Building Better Enterprise ... 1 Comments Ransomware: How Should IT Respond? 0 Comments Industrial IoT: The Next 30 Years Of IT 1 Comments Enterprises: Tear Down Your Engineering Silos 0 Comments HPE Promotes Community For Women In Tech, ... 1 Comments Neural Networks: Pointing To The Future ... 1 Comments The Network Evolution Will Be Digital 0 Comments 'Digital Transformation': What's So New ... 2 Comments All Videos Slideshows 6 Reasons Private Clouds Aren't Dead Yet 1 comments | Read | Post a Comment 10 Tech Jobs Set For Big Pay Raises In 2017 2 10 Hot Programming Languages To Build Web Apps 4 More Slideshows Twitter Feed Tweets about "from:InformationWeek OR #InformationWeek OR @InformationWeek" InformationWeek Radio Archived InformationWeek Radio InformationWeek Live for the Week of November 6, 2016 Join us for a roundup of the top stories on InformationWeek.com for the week of November 6, 2016. We'll be talking with the InformationWeek.com editors and correspondents who brought you the top stories of the week to get the "story behind the story." FULL SCHEDULE | ARCHIVED SHOWS Sponsored Live Streaming Video Everything You've Been Told About Mobility Is Wrong Attend this video symposium with Sean Wisdom, Global Director of Mobility Solutions, and learn about how you can harness powerful new products to mobilize your business potential. 465 comments | Read | Post a Comment Full schedule | Archived Shows Flash Poll All Polls About Us Contact Us Customer Support Reprints Editorial Calendar Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ RSS Technology Group Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC GTEC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2016 UBM, All rights reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite InformationWeek content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box]
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more…   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple seeds sixth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, macOS Sierra and tvOS 10 By Sébastien Page, Aug 15, 2016 Tweet 43 Comments Apple has seeded the sixth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, macOS Sierra, and tvOS 10 to developers today. These new beta software versions come a week after the previous versions. Touting the usual bug fixes and improvements, these betas aren’t likely coming with new features, but rather with small adjustments to both the UI and existing features. Additionally, Apple has also made available the fifth beta of iOS 10 to testers who have registered to be part of the Public beta program offered by Apple to non-developers. iOS 10 includes new features like a completely redesigned Music application, extensions for the Messages app, a brand new Home application to control HomeKit-enabled devices, and more. Here are some of the updates that could be found in the previous beta release of iOS 10. tvOS 10 comes with more subtle yet useful additions, such as single sign-on, a feature that will let users sign on once via their cable provider to automatically login to all supported TV apps on Apple TV. watchOS 3 has also seen its fair share of new features. Maybe most notably, the Friends feature is now gone and replaced by a more useful Dock which can contain up to 10 applications that are refreshed in the background to offer an almost instant launch time. For reference, here is what was new in watchOS 3 beta 5: Although there is no official release date for these new software versions, iOS 10, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 are expected to launch in September, likely a couple days before the launch of the new iPhone, if history is any indication of the future. We will be back later with a detailed post highlighting the new features in iOS 10 beta 6. In the meantime, feel free to let us know if you find anything newsworthy in any of these releases. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple seeds fourth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 and macOS Sierra to developers DirecTV gains Single Sign-On support in iOS 10.2 and tvOS 10.1 betas Video walkthrough: changes in beta 6 for iOS 10, macOS Sierra & watchOS 3 Nike+ Run Club gains new features ahead of tomorrow’s launch of Apple Watch Nike+ Related Topics Beta, iOS, iOS 10, tvOS, tvOS 10, watchOS, watchOS 3 ConduciveMammal It seems it’s been released for Public testers too Jeiivy What’s new? john snow nothing ConduciveMammal Not an awful lot by the looks of it. From the Release Notes PDF: Messages • Search hints will now function as expected in the Messages Store. • When launching an iMessage app extension from iOS Simulator, the app extension should no longer be blank or stop responding to touch input. Siri Siri will now provide an appropriate response when a request requires a removed app Jeiivy Wow hope they can add pictures on Message conversations ConduciveMammal Not sure if I’m misunderstanding what you mean, but sending pictures with messages has been available since iPhoneOS2 Jeiivy Nah what I mean is having the contact pictures in the side of the conversation like the jailbreak tweak Lakisha Johnson What iPhone you have Zack Morris They do for group text. Zack Morris It shows on group texts. besrate hogsa Making it more stable We have enough new features for now Don’t expect anything new Jose Gonzalez Just saw that this morning was going to report it…..lol Zack Morris Most of the remaining bugs have been fixed-at least for me on the 6s. Rei Question: Can you enter a landscape only app and go to the appswitcher? That has been the only bug that I’ve ever found now on my iPod 6G (I use Android so I don’t need two phones!), once entering landscape mode the wallpaper would be blurred on one side, while the other is clear. Zack Morris i don’t think i have or at least remember a landscape only app. Although any app I have in landscape does allow me to use the app switcher. the wallpaper is blurred on both sides. so I guess this solved your issue? Bob Finaly the nightmode has been activated! Zack Morris ?. Y2J Uh, really? Can you post a screenshot? Alberto Espinal He is trolling Y2J Ok I figured. Loser lol. Thanks man Rei Haha, expect that from a guy named Bob! Am I right? Y2J … My uncles name is Bob.. Nah I’m kidding lmao. Now that you mention it I don’t think I’ve ever met a fun Bob? Pieter Stephenson no update on macOS.. Please don’t lie 😀 John Smith They still never fixed the bug where the screen doesn’t pan around where you’re typing if it’s in desktop mode. Pisses me off. Zack Morris Anybody else have no notifications for ESPN. Stopped working with iOS 10 beta 3. p1noyako Maybe ESPN app is not yet compatible with iOS10. Remember this iOS is still in beta stage so iOS apps are not yet updated until its final release. Zack Morris Agree. That what I wasn’t sure about since it worked for the first few betas. Not complaining since it’s beta but wanted to confirm it with someone else. besrate hogsa wow! beta 6 More bug fixes before the official release Nice Rei I wouldn’t be surprised if we saw a Beta 10 considering how consistent the updates are coming out! besrate hogsa IOS beta 10? I think this is the end of the beta ☺ Rafael Nunes I want this Mr_Coldharbour I’m only interested in knowing the following: 1) has it fixed the issue where invoking Notification Center always puts us in Notifications view? Some of us use Notification Center only for widgets. In iOS 8 and 9 when opening NC and leaving it in widgets view and swiping away NC and then invoking it again will bring it back into widgets view, or whatever view it was set to last. iOS 10 doesn’t remember what view NC was last seen in. 2) the occasional slow response time when typing with the stock iOS keyboard. Zack Morris 1. Yes. Fixed for me in latest beta. 2. Yes. The iOS keyboard seems a lot more responsive. No noticible lag anywhere the keyboard shows. Mr_Coldharbour How has the NC issue fixed for you? For me it’s the same since the 1st iOS 10 beta. NC won’t remember what last view I was in, which is the Today/Widgets view–the only view I’m interested in. It also throws me into Notifications view (which I don’t ever use) each time I invoke NC. hawley perkins Hey y’all, reach out to cybershadow1616@gmail.com for any hacks you need. Sailor_V90 I still hate the music app and I’m still waiting to privatize select photos. Heatfan316 Not sure what’s to hate. Nice album view. Lyrics and much cleaner interface. I like it better than Spotify. Eric Ortiz How do you pull up the Lyrics? Heatfan316 It’s in iOS 10 at the bottom of the song….if they’re available Rei I should really get into Apple Music but I’ve already been a Spotify user for a while, I guess it’s time to start listening to some Taylor Swift, eh? Not trying to be mean lol, but I think that it’s worth it at this point! zebonaut Multiple devices and _6 Betas! I’ve been without a jailbreak for far too long…. Rei I might prefer IOS 10 over a jailbreak! If these could get ported (I’m looking at you, widgets!) then I’d be very happy. I also want to see the press home to unlock as well as the awesome features—nevermind! I think that I’ll buy another device just for it, another iPod? One for the 9.3.3 jailbreak and another for the IOS 10 Beta, I already use a Rooted Galaxy S7 Edge as my primary phone, but I’m still a huge fan of IOS but I gee the best of both worlds! Leslie Garcia Yes it is and I love the new look   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017 KGI: iPhone 8 will have all glass casing to support wireless charging Nomad’s new Lightning cables cross durability with function   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition See the First Trailer for Martin Scorsese’s Highly Anticipated Silence Done With Tinder? Try ‘Sindr,’ the Vatican’s New Confession Finder App Amber Heard Is Being Sued for $10 Million by the Producers of London Fields The Freak City-Wide Outbreak of Asthma That Overwhelmed Melbourne ‘Could Have Been Predicted’ President Obama Pokes Fun at Michael Jordan Over Crying Meme and Space Jam Brad Pitt, Marion Cotillard and the Long History of the Rumor Mill at the Box Office Review: With Allied, the Old-School Wartime Melodrama Enters the Modern Age What Is an Emolument? Donald Trump Has People Talking About This Part of the Constitution Donald Trump and the Epidemiology of Hate Chance the Rapper, John Legend and More Celebs Share Support for Kanye West After Hospitalization TIME Tech innovations Tim Cook Hints That Apple is Experimenting With Augmented Reality Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Aug. 15, 2016 SHARE Marlene Awaad—Bloomberg/Getty Images Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., waves to the audience during the opening of "Startup Fest", a five-day conference to showcase Dutch innovation, in Amsterdam, Netherlands, on Tuesday, May 24, 2016. It's a "core technology," says Apple's CEO Analysts and investors are constantly questioning Apple’s plan for the long term, especially as revenue from the iPhone has declined. Now, Apple CEO Tim Cook is hinting that he’s keeping an eye on one emerging technology in particular: augmented reality. “I think AR [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology,” Cook told The Washington Post. “So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain we talked about.” Augmented reality, unlike virtual reality, overlays images and graphics on the real world. This is why wild creatures that appear in Pokémon Go look like they’re hiding underneath your desk or above your computer, for instance. Google Glass also used AR to display information like alerts from incoming calls and search results above the wearer’s line of sight. Augmented reality has existed for decades, but a new class of apps and products like Pokémon Go, Microsoft’s upcoming HoloLens headset, and the Google-backed startup Magic Leap have renewed interest in the technology. This isn’t the first time Cook has expressed interest in the AR field. When analysts probed Cook about augmented reality during Apple’s earnings call in July, he said the company will “continue to invest a lot” in the technology, adding that Apple is “high on AR for the long run.” Apple reportedly has a team of experts in augmented reality and virtual reality and is said to have built prototype headsets similar to Facebook’s Oculus Rift and Microsoft HoloLens, according to The Financial Times. If Apple does intend to pursue augmented reality, Cook’s comments suggest that it will be quite some time before the tech makes its way into any of the company’s products. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team


9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 Apple issues iOS 10 beta 6 for developers + public beta 5 for testers Zac Hall - 3 months ago @apollozac iOS 10 iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released iOS 10 beta 6 for developers to test on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. iOS 10 brings a refreshed look to Apple Music and News plus loads of new features to the platform. The software update will be ready for everyone likely sometime next month, and we’ll dig through the sixth developer version of the iOS 10 beta below. If you’re already testing iOS 10 beta on your iPhone or iPad, head to the Software Update section of the Settings app to find the OTA update. If you’re a registered developer deciding to start testing iOS 10 with beta 6, head over to the Apple’s developer page to install the beta profile. For non-developers, Apple is currently testing iOS 10 through the public beta program which usually receives updates a couple of days after developers (or sooner as we near final release). iOS 10 public beta 5 is also available for non-developer testers. iOS 10 includes loads of new features and changes including redesigned Music and News apps, the first Home app for HomeKit, a redesigned Lock screen and Home screen experience for widgets, tons of iMessage features in Messages, and much more. iOS 10 beta 5, which was released on August 9, included minor tweaks including a new lock sound, AirPlay icon, widget UI tweaks, and a new Home app wallpaper. Check out our hands-on video of those changes below: Apple is rumored to be planning a September 7 event to debut the iPhone 7 ahead of pre-orders on September 9 and launch on September 16. New versions of iOS typically roll out a couple of days before new iPhones so we could see iOS 10 publicly launch as soon as September 14. Catch up on our full coverage with our iOS 10 guide. We’ll dig through the latest iOS 10 beta and update with notable changes. As always, shout in the comments, mention us on @9to5mac, or email tips@9to5mac.com with changes you discover as well. Here’s the update: Dock and wallpaper picker bugs on iPad are resolved Beta 5’s ability to use Touch ID to purchase apps even after a reboot is still present, suggesting feature and not bug Update badge in Software Updates section of Settings is now red circle versus blue round-rect (change added in beta 5, only visible following beta 6 release) Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 Apple releases watchOS 3 beta 6 for Apple Watch to developers Greg Barbosa - 3 months ago @gregbarbosa Apple Watch watchOS watchOS 3 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has just begun rolling out watchOS 3 beta 6 to developers today. Those looking to grab the new release can head over to the Watch app on their iPhones, select General and then Software Update. watchOS 3 beta 6 is available to download as a Configuration Profile from the Apple developer center for newer users looking to test out the upcoming system. Release notes fixes are now at the bottom of the post. With the previous update, watchOS 3 beta 3 brought in new fixes in areas like Activity Sharing and the Clock face layouts. In an earlier release, watchOS 3 beta 2 saw the introduction of Auto Unlock alongside the macOS Sierra beta 2, Emergency SOS for contacting emergency services in the local area, locking workouts without using Force Touch, and Activity Sharing began working for some. Our previous coverage of watchOS 3 beta 2 with a list of discovered changes can be found here. For more information about Auto Unlock on the Apple Watch, be sure to catch Jeff Benjamin’s video and FAQ posts as well. The upcoming watchOS, expected to be released later this fall, brings major speed improvements and new user experiences to the Apple Watch. We’ve spent the past few weeks diving into watchOS 3’s features; take a look at the links below to get caught up: Hands-on with Auto Unlock in macOS Sierra beta 2 [Video] FAQ: How to use Auto Unlock with watchOS 3 and macOS Sierra beta 2 Apple unveils watchOS 3 with major app speed improvements, more Hands-on: watchOS 3 Apple Watch tidbits Hands-on: New features in watchOS 3 [Video] The Dock in watchOS 3 breathes new life into the Apple Watch [Video] Hands-on: iOS 10 + watchOS 3 Home app for HomeKit on iPhone, iPad, & Apple Watch Top 10 WWDC 2016 features from iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 [Video + Poll] To stay up to date with all of our watchOS 3 coverage, be sure to follow up on our watchOS 3 guide. Developers looking to install the watchOS 3 beta for the first time on their devices can grab the appropriate Configuration Profiles for watchOS 3 on Apple’s developer center. Current testers and developers looking to grab the latest watchOS 3 beta can navigate to the Watch app on their iPhone and check under the Software Update section. Once updated, the latest watchOS 3 beta 6 release notes will be found here. As always, any changes we find will be added here. If you find anything new, feel free to send it to via Twitter @9to5mac or to me personally @gregbarbosa. Our email is also open to any tips. Fixes included in watchOS 3 beta 6 (from the release notes): Connectivity Apple Watch may lose connection with iPhone at random. Xcode In some cases when building and running from Xcode, you can get into a state where the Xcode debugger stops attaching to the app automatically when building and running. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide watchOS View THe Guide watchOS 3 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 Apple seeds tvOS 10 beta 6 for Apple TV to developers Greg Barbosa - 3 months ago @gregbarbosa Apple TV tvOS tvOS 10 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has just started seeding out the sixth beta for tvOS 10 today to all current testers and developers. To update, check through the Software Update section on the Apple TV, or grab the Configuration Profile from Apple’s Developer center if you’d like to install it for the first time. Apple’s newest tvOS software introduces Dark Mode, Single Sign-on, HomeKit, and YouTube search to the latest Apple TV. tvOS 10 beta 3 brought in more language support with Siri, and some improved functionality within the Music app. tvOS 10 beta 2 brought in an entirely new UI for Apple Music with a Library view inspired by the iPod Classic’s UI. tvOS 10 looks to be focused primarily on small changes to improve the whole system, where as iOS 10 and watchOS 3 have gone through some radical changes themselves. For screenshots of the new Music UI introduced in tvOS 10 beta 2, check back on our previous article. To see our breakdown of tvOS 10’s changes, take a look at some of our recent articles: Apple announces tvOS improvements including dark mode, Live Tune In, more tvOS 10: Dark mode on Apple TV, YouTube Siri search, HomeKit, & more [Video] Top 10 WWDC 2016 features from iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 [Video + Poll] Our latest coverage of tvOS 10 can be found in its guide. Developers wanting to install tvOS 10 for the first time onto their devices can take a look at Apple’s developer center to grab either the Configuration Profile, or restore image to be installed via iTunes. Developers already on tvOS 10 beta 1 or beta 2 can check through their device’s Software Update section to grab the latest release. Once updated, the latest release notes for tvOS 10 beta 6 will be found here. Any discovered changes we find will be added here. If you find anything new, feel free to send it to via Twitter @9to5mac or to me personally @gregbarbosa. Our email is also open to any tips. Fixes included in the tvOS beta 6 (from the release notes): UIKit An already presented system keyboard now correctly responds to system appearance changes between light and dark   Guides Apple TV Apple TV is Apple's set-top box offering that allows users to stream content from services like Netflix, Hulu, and many more via the tvOS App Store. View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide tvOS 10 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle And Desire 10 Pro Press Renders Leak And Show Off Design Details Ahead Of Launch 15 August 2016, 11:23 am EDT By James Geddes Tech Times Internet In A MinuteNow Playing New midrange smartphones are expected to be announced by HTC in late September. Images of those devices, the HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle and Desire 10 Pro, have leaked.  ( Evan Blass | Twitter ) Advertisement HTC is preparing to launch two midrange smartphones under its Desire series. Press renders of the HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle and Desire 10 Pro have been leaked by a reliable source. HTC has had a rough couple of years in the smartphone world, a market it dominated before Apple and Samsung took the title away. The company has been attempting a comeback since the release of the HTC One (M7) in 2013. The handset was met with positive reviews and strong sales, largely because of HTC's design choice. The HTC One (M7) was widely viewed as the first Android smartphone that rivaled Apple's signature premium smartphone build used with its iPhone lineup. At the time, almost every smartphone manufacturer was building devices out of cheap feeling plastic, but HTC chose to craft its handset out of aluminum and glass. The device also had top of the line specs at the time and since its launch, HTC has continued to use a similar design on its successors, the HTC One M8, One M9 and HTC 10. HTC's current flagship HTC 10, which was released in May, has already been dropped by T-Mobile after only being offered by the carrier for two months and while the company hasn't seen much success in the high-end smartphone market, it has made a splash in the midrange market with its Desire lineup. HTC is about to launch two new midrange smartphones, the Desire 10 Lifestyle and Desire 10 Pro. What appear to be press renders of the handsets have been published by the always reliable Evan Blass. According to a recent report, the HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle will reportedly feature a 5.5-inch 720 x 1,280 HD display and run Android 6.0 Marshmallow, along with HTC Sense, the company's Android skin. It will be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and offered with either 3 GB RAM / 32 GB internal storage or 2 GB RAM / 16 GB storage. The handset will pack in a 13-megapixel rear camera and 5-megapixel front-facing shooter. Details regarding the HTC Desire 10 Pro haven't leaked yet, but as its name implies, it's expected to feature higher end specs than that of the Desire 10 Lifestyle. The render of the handset shows it will also sport a rear fingerprint scanner, which the Lifestyle lacks. Both smartphones will reportedly include HTC BoomSound Hi-Fi Edition stereo speakers. The HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle and Desire 10 Pro are expected to launch in late September. We'll keep you posted on any additional details. TAG HTC, HTC Desire 10, Desire 10 Lifestyle, Desire 10 Pro © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles HTC Nexus Sailfish Key Specs Confirmed On AnTuTu Benchmark Ahead Of Google's Official Launch And Release HTC Nexus Marlin Render Shows Off 5.5-Inch Quad HD Display And Aluminum Design HTC Nexus Sailfish Build File Reveals Processor And Display Details HTC Nexus Marlin Image Leaks And Confirms Android 7.0 Nougat And 128 GB Storage Option HTC Nexus Sailfish And Marlin Renders Show Smartphone's Design On Video From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Chicago News Fenwick files lawsuit against IHSA over Plainfield North loss Nation/World Poem signed by Anne Frank sells for nearly $150,000 Chicago News Trump aide suggests he wants no Clinton probe Chicago News Three charged with murder to silence Brookfield man before trial Chicago News Trump’s charity admits to violating IRS self-dealing ban Chicago ‘Fast Eddie’ Vrdolyak arraigned, pleads ‘not guilty’ Chicago News Kapos: Linda Yu’s incredible journey ‘story by story’ Business Your kid wants a hoverboard for Christmas? Read this first Chicago Chicago’s law department to pay $1.6 million for Dan Webb review Chicago News Marie Dixon, 79, fought for rights to spouse Willie Dixon’s songs 42° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 08/15/2016, 11:59am Two charged with stealing drones from Deer Park Apple store Jeri E. Duncan (left) and Gregory J. Danci (right) | Lake County sheriff's office Daniel Brown @danielbrown2011 | email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Two people have been charged with stealing drones from an Apple store in north suburban Deer Park. Jeri E. Duncan, 36, of Las Vegas, Nevada, was charged with two felony counts of theft-possession of stolen property, one felony count of possession of a controlled substance and one misdemeanor count of possession of drug paraphernalia, according to a statement from Lake County sheriff’s office. Gregory J. Danci, 50, of Las Vegas, Nevada, was charged with two felony counts of theft-possession of stolen property and one misdemeanor count of possession of drug paraphernalia. At 3:06 p.m. Saturday, deputies responded to a call of two suspicious people at the Deer Park Apple store at 20530 N. Rand Rd., the sheriff’s office said. Apple Loss Prevention told them that the two suspects matched the description of two people who had previously stolen merchandise from the Schaumburg and Oak Brook Apple stores. The deputies found Duncan and Danci in a vehicle along with two stolen Apple drones, the sheriff’s office said. Duncan was also found to be in possession of heroin. Authorities were later informed that the two had been involved in other Apple store thefts across the United States, the sheriff’s office said. Duncan is being held at the Lake County Jail on a $10,000 bond, the sheriff’s office said. Her next court date is Aug. 24. Ganci is also being held at the Lake County Jail on a $75,000 bond, the sheriff’s office said. His next court date is Aug. 19. # Crime Deer Park Previously from Chicago News Judge says Plainfield North should play in 7A football title game | Chicago Sun-Times Brown: Laughter not the best medicine for state's ills | Chicago Sun-Times Three charged with stabbing homeless man in South Loop | Chicago Sun-Times Sweet: Obama's final medals and the 'Michael Jordan of Greatness' | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: She's 9 and seeks more girls as friends | Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Judge says Plainfield North should play in 7A football title game | Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: It's risky to share bed with infant | Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: After gay wedding, brother might shut me out | Chicago Sun-Times colleges NCAA penalties merely latest of Notre Dame football's problems | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel

Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 50° Share Why Tim Cook talked with Anderson Cooper before coming out as gay By Jena McGregor /(c) 2016, The Washington Post Monday, August 15th, 2016 at 10:45am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Two years ago, in an essay in Bloomberg BusinessWeek, Apple CEO Tim Cook told the world he was gay. “I’m proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me,” he wrote. In doing so, he became the first publicly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company. The essay, which came just days after Cook stood in the capitol in his home state and called out Alabama for being “too slow on equality for the LGBT community,” was no spur of the moment decision. In an exclusive interview with The Washington Post, Cook said “it had been planned for actually quite a long time,” noting he spent “probably a year” of thinking about “what to say, how to say it, where to say it, how to do that in a way that advanced what I was trying to do.” To think through that process, he spoke with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper “multiple times,” he said, “because I thought that the way he handled his announcement was really classy. I was getting advice from people who I thought were really good people who had really deeply thought about it.” Cooper publicly came out as gay in 2012 by responding to an email from the blogger Andrew Sullivan, whom he permitted to post the response. In it, Cooper writes about how he had wanted to keep some amount of privacy, despite working in television, and about wanting to keep the focus on other people’s stories. But as time went on, he wrote in the response Sullivan posted: “I’ve begun to consider whether the unintended outcomes of maintaining my privacy outweigh personal and professional principle. It’s become clear to me that by remaining silent on certain aspects of my personal life for so long, I have given some the mistaken impression that I am trying to hide something – something that makes me uncomfortable, ashamed or even afraid. This is distressing because it is simply not true.” Advertisement Continue reading Cooper went on to say that “I’ve also been reminded recently that while as a society we are moving toward greater inclusion and equality for all people, the tide of history only advances when people make themselves fully visible,” he wrote. “There continue to be far too many incidences of bullying of young people, as well as discrimination and violence against people of all ages, based on their sexual orientation, and I believe there is value in making clear where I stand.” There are echoes of each of those sentiments in Cook’s pronouncement two years later. Cook opened his essay by saying “throughout my professional life, I’ve tried to maintain a basic level of privacy. I come from humble roots, and I don’t seek to draw attention to myself. Apple is already one of the most closely watched companies in the world, and I like keeping the focus on our products and the incredible things our customers achieve with them.” He spoke about how, as he asks himself what he’s doing for others — quoting Martin Luther King Jr. — he realized “my desire for personal privacy has been holding me back from doing something more important.” And he spoke about the obstacles gay people face, especially children, and the rights they’re denied. “If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy,” Cook wrote. Like Cooper, Cook said he’s not an activist, and both said they’d been open with people close to them. Yet while there were some similar themes, there were differences, too. As Time’s Daniel D’Addario pointed out, the Apple CEO talked about his sexuality as something “central to his identity,” rather than as something he needed to acknowledge and simply convey his comfort with. Rather, it set him apart, giving him greater insight and greater empathy for viewing the world. “Being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day,” Cook wrote. “It’s made me more empathetic, which has led to a richer life.” Cooper is not the only outsider Cook turned to as he faced key moments or decisions over the past five years. He told The Post that as he prepared for his first hearing on Capitol Hill, which focused on Apple’s tax practices, he consulted with Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and with Bill Clinton. When he was making the decision about whether to return cash to shareholders by paying dividends and buying back stock — something Steve Jobs hadn’t done — he consulted with Warren Buffett. “I think it is important on these things that are also new to the company, to solicit some people outside, even if you conclude to not do what they say,” he told The Post. “It’s one thing to decide what is right. That’s a key decision. The next thing is to decide how you’re going to do it.” apple-cook-cooper _____ Keywords: tim cook, apple ceo, tim cook gay, gay celebrities, lgbt rights, famous gay people, anderson cooper, businessweek essay, coming out announcement Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Apple seeks to regain cool with $3B Beats buy – May 28, 2014 Tim Cook: 'I'm proud to be gay' – Oct 30, 2014 Cook calls 'religious objection' laws dangerous – Mar 30, 2015 Botswana deports American anti-gay pastor after radio hate speech – Sep 20, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |

null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple CEO Tim Cook talks iPhone, AI, and the future in new interview Apple CEO Tim Cook talks iPhone, AI, and the future in new interview August 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple CEO Tim Cook was interviewed this weekend by the Washington Post just weeks ahead of Apple’s largest product launch of the year, the iPhone 7. In it, Cook talks about the future of Apple, Artificial Intelligence, and much more. To start it off, Cook talks about some of the mistakes that happened. He again acknowledged the initial disaster of Apple Maps. He also briefly mentions his first big hire at the time. He spoke in candid terms about the mistakes he’s made on the way, such as his first hire to run Apple’s retail stores (“that was clearly a screw-up”) Apple’s services business is booming, even though the iPhone growth is flattening out. Its services business, which includes things like iTunes, iCloud and a mobile payments service, is projected to be the size of a Fortune 100 business next year — all on its own. The company has also gotten much larger throughout the years. The obvious things are we have more employees in the company. The company is four times larger [by revenue since 2010]. We’ve broadened the iPhone lineup. That was a really key decision, and I think a good one. We’ve gone into the Apple Watch business, which has gotten us into wellness and in health. We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us. Lots of core technology work has been done. Of course, he was asked about Steve [Jobs]. To me, Steve’s not replaceable. By anyone. [Voice softens] He was an original of a species. I never viewed that was my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve. So I went into it with one thought, and then weeks later — six weeks later, whatever —It was very quickly. [The day he died] was sort of the worst day ever. I just — I had really convinced myself. I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did. And coming out. I was thinking about kids. I was getting notes from kids who knew I was gay, or assumed I was, because of something they had read on the Web. And they were kids who were distraught. Some had been pushed out by their families. They thought they couldn’t achieve anything. They couldn’t do anything. They were seeing the national discourse around it and feeling isolated and depressed. And I just thought — I’ve got to do something. Lastly, Tim Cook talks about AR, even though he’s deflected every other question about unannounced products such as Apple Car. I think AR [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about. [Laughs.] The full interview can be found here. Tags: Interview, Tim Cook About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Watch bands and combinations selling out as new Watch is on horizon KGI: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro coming in 2017, ‘flexible OLED’ iPad in 2018 → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 24, 2016, 5:16 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 4 hrs 44 mins Wall Street hits new record highsAFP – Mon, Aug 15, 2016 10:16 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo At the closing bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 18,636,05, up 0.3 percent US stocks jumped to fresh records Monday behind stronger oil prices, while European markets were little changed. All three major US indices pushed to fresh records for the second time in three sessions. Prior to last Thursday, that feat had not been accomplished in more than 16 years. Wall Street stocks have been propelled to fresh records by the comparative strength of the US economy, coupled with expectations of accommodative monetary policy, including very-low interest rates set by the Federal Reserve. Analysts said Monday's records were largely due to positive momentum, on a light day as far as major economic reports and earnings. Besides energy equities, which were boosted by higher oil prices, sectors with outsized gains included industrials, financials and materials. "It's a very low-volume month with not a lot of data out there, and so it's sort like a self-fulfilling momentum," said Sam Stovall of S&P Global Intelligence. London and Frankfurt saw small gains while Paris was nearly flat in the absence of major European data and with trading subdued on an official holiday in France and parts of Germany. In Asia most markets advanced on Monday but Tokyo lost 0.3 percent as official figures showed Japan's economy stalled in the second quarter. Growth in the world's third largest economy came in at zero percent quarter-on-quarter, missing predictions for a 0.2 percent expansion in the April-June period, on weak exports and lower business spending. - Chinese stocks rise - Chinese shares rallied on news the government could soon link trading on the Shenzhen exchange with the Hong Kong bourse. Hong Kong rose 0.7 percent, while Shanghai finished the day up 2.4 percent after the China Securities Regulatory Commission said on Friday that the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme would be launched this year. China launched a landmark "stock connect" between the Shanghai and Hong Kong exchanges in late 2014, which allowed foreign investors to trade selected stocks on Shanghai's tightly restricted exchange and let mainland investors buy shares in Hong Kong. Oil prices rose for the third straight day, lifted by remarks from a Russian official who hinted at a possible production freeze in cooperation with OPEC. The comments followed statements last week from Saudi Arabia's oil minister, who said a meeting of oil producers next month could yield an agreement on stabilizing prices. The British pound slumped to a fresh three-year low against the euro Monday and edged lower on the dollar, as signs of weakness mounted in the British economy. The currency's fall came as data from Britain showed London residential rents fell for the first time in six years in July, amid worries the June 23 vote to exit the European Union was already having an impact on the economy. - Key figures at 2100 GMT - New York - DOW: UP 0.3 percent at 18,636.05 (close) New York - S&P 500: UP 0.3 percent at 2,190.15 (close) New York - Nasdaq: UP 0.6 percent at 5,262.02 (close) London - FTSE 100: UP 0.4 percent at 6,941.19 points (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 0.2 percent at 10,739.21 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN. 0.1 percent at 4,497.86 (close) EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.1 percent at 3,046.65 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.3 percent at 16,869.56 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP 2.4 percent at 3,125.20 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 0.7 percent at 22,932.51 (close) Euro/dollar: UP at $1.1183 from $1.1165 Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.2883 from $1.2918 Dollar/yen: DOWN at 101.25 yen from 101.27 yen @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Webjet signs with Chinese travel partnerAAP Webjet has formed a partnership with the largest travel aggregator in China, Dida Travel Technology. FIT Ruums, … Dr Pepper Snapple Group buys Bai BrandsAAP Aust must boost global investment effortsAAP Brexit and dollar buffet London stocksAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7389 -0.0012 -0.16% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5933 -0.0023 -0.39% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6998 +0.0033 +0.47% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Pope Francis Personal loan Aussie dollar Australia energy Kanye West Interflora Donald Trump Pet insurance Aussie weather Interest rate Australia Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign inSign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home News UK News Tim Cook News Apple boss Tim Cook says his role is "sort of a lonely job" But he admits, “I’m not looking for any sympathy. CEOs don’t need any sympathy”  Share  Comments ByChristopher Bucktin 16:54, 15 AUG 2016 Updated17:19, 15 AUG 2016 News Apple Launch (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple boss Tim Cook has revealed he suffers from loneliness in his job despite employing 66,000 people. The company’s CEO described his position as “sort of a lonely job” as he marked the fifth year anniversary of his leadership despite having the likes of Bill Clinton and billionaire investor Warren Buffet to turn to. Cook admitted he was “lonely”, before adding “I’m not looking for any sympathy. CEOs don’t need any sympathy.” Discussing he time as Apple’s boss he said he regretted two mistakes including the hiring of a Brit. Read More Apple boss Tim Cook says he's got the 'best job in the world' - but it can be lonely He said his first was to release the widely criticised Apple Maps app which the other was taking on John Browett - a former boss of electrical chain Dixons - to oversee the firm’s retail stores. “He didn’t fit here culturally is a good way to describe it,” Cook said. “We all talked to him, and I made the final decision, and it was wrong. “We fairly quickly recognised it and made a change. And I’m proud we did that.” Cook took over at Apple following the death of Steve Jobs in 2011. Read More WWDC 2016: Apple Watch gets health and emergency updates and now recognises handwriting Speaking of his mentor he said: “To me, Steve’s not replaceable. By anyone. “He was an original of a species. I never viewed that was my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it.” In 2009, Cook said he offered a portion of his liver to Jobs, since both share a rare blood type. He claims Jobs responded by yelling, “I’ll never let you do that. I’ll never do that.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Corps Ltd. Tim Cook Dixons Warren Buffet Steve Jobs Apps iWatch Billionaires news all Most Read Most Recent Autumn StatementAutumn Statement 2016 live: All the details and reaction as Philip Hammond reveals £122bn budget black hole In a break with George Osborne's toxic legacy, the Chancellor scaled back Universal Credit cuts and banned letting fees - but there are other ways workers will feel the pinch from the cost of Brexit UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog UK NewsMan 'raped pregnant partner after she went into labour and was crying out in pain' Hull Crown Court was told the woman had got on all fours on her bed after entering the "advanced stages" of labour when she was attacked by her partner World newsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   UK NewsPaul Stewart: I was sexually abused by coach who threatened to kill my family if I told anyone The England, Spurs and Liverpool star reveals his childhood tormentor attacked him every day for four years between the ages of 11 and 15 SyriaTheresa May urged to back calls for Russia to be stripped of World Cup over 'war crimes' The Prime Minister came under pressure to lend her voice to calls to strip the country of the 2018 tournament over its blitzes on the city of Aleppo RyanairRyanair are ready to offer free flights for passengers - but you may want to read the small print Boss Michael O'Leary says the budget airline hopes to offer customers zero cost tickets in its quest 'to keep driving air fares down' ParentingBritain's become a nation of 'super-dads' - with 60 percent saying they have mastered art of multi-tasking Research suggests men spend an average of 28 hours a week doing chores, as well as a 35-hour working week and 20 hours playing with the kids Autumn StatementNew 2.2% NS&I savings bond launched - this is what you need to know As part of the Autumn Statement, Chancellor Philip Hammond revealed there will be a new 2.2% saings bond coming next year Philip Hammond4 George Osborne policies Philip Hammond ditched in his Autumn Statement He's only been out of the door of Number 11 for a few months, but a lot of his policies have been unceremoniously ripped up Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThousands of women confess to wanting virtual reality SEX as techy toys become mainstream Over two thousand British women have given their thoughts on the ways technology will improve their sexual fulfillment TV NewsRevealed! The reason why Gogglebox star Reverend Kate Bottley hasn't been on the Channel 4 show for weeks The vicar, who lives in Blyth, is known for her frequent appearances on Channel 4's hit series Gogglebox Autumn StatementAutumn Statement 2016 live: All the details and reaction as Philip Hammond reveals £122bn budget black hole In a break with George Osborne's toxic legacy, the Chancellor scaled back Universal Credit cuts and banned letting fees - but there are other ways workers will feel the pinch from the cost of Brexit Celebrity NewsX Factor's Brian Friedman 'confirms' Cheryl's pregnancy with Liam Payne The ITV show's creative director says it's "fantastic" news UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog Champions LeagueWhat channel is Arsenal vs PSG on? All you need to know ahead of the Champions League game Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain are level on 10 points in Group A, both have already qualified for the knockout stages Champions LeagueWhat time is Arsenal vs PSG? TV information and more ahead of the Champions League game At present, both teams are on 10 points and have qualified for the knockout stages Champions LeagueArsenal vs PSG live score and goal updates from the Champions League clash at the Emirates Follow all the action from north London right here as Arsenal host Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain RyanairRyanair are ready to offer free flights for passengers - but you may want to read the small print Boss Michael O'Leary says the budget airline hopes to offer customers zero cost tickets in its quest 'to keep driving air fares down' ParentingBritain's become a nation of 'super-dads' - with 60 percent saying they have mastered art of multi-tasking Research suggests men spend an average of 28 hours a week doing chores, as well as a 35-hour working week and 20 hours playing with the kids Top Stories UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog Child abuseFormer Manchester City and England star David White becomes latest ex-footballer to allege child sex abuse White is the fourth player to make such claims, following former Crewe duo Andy Woodward and Steve Walters, and ex-Spurs forward Paul Stewart SuicideFootball club director found hanged off stadium roof by three children arriving for training in morning The managing director had been worried about the club's finances in the months leading up to his death, which occurred the day after he had a meeting to try to secure new sponsorship RyanairRyanair flights 'could be free in the next five years' - here's how budget airline plans to cut fares It's the news every travel deal lover has been hoping for Autumn Statement9 things the Autumn Statement totally ignored despite spending £7.6m on a stately home Poverty, social care and the NHS were missing from Chancellor Philip Hammond's budget speech that blew 116 words on restoring a manor Court case'How do you sleep at night?': Family's fury as Tesco shopper who punched newborn baby in the face avoids jail Security had to be called in to put a stop to angry exchanges between the families of David Hardy and the baby Miracle babiesHeartbroken parents who had to make ultimate sacrifice to save their unborn baby call her their "little miracle" Katie and Rhys Davenport were thrilled when she became pregnant with twins, but she faced an agonising decision when one showed abnormalities in a pre-natal scan eBayNazis, migrants and council house tenants: Is this the most offensive ebay car advert ever? Car salesman Keith Bean has been in the business for 30 years and had 'seen some specimens' but said the 1999 silver BMW 323i was ‘dog awful’ FoodThe latest health fad is donkey cheese - and it's so rare Novak Djokovic has bought up entire world's supply for a year It's the most expensive cheese in the WORLD - and in its native Serbia, the delicacy is a massive hit with not only tennis stars - but would you try it? ParentingBritain's become a nation of 'super-dads' - with 60 percent saying they have mastered art of multi-tasking Research suggests men spend an average of 28 hours a week doing chores, as well as a 35-hour working week and 20 hours playing with the kids World newsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   World newsTheresa May urged to back calls for Russia to be stripped of World Cup over 'war crimes' The Prime Minister came under pressure to lend her voice to calls to strip the country of the 2018 tournament over its blitzes on the city of Aleppo News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Twitter may be coming to the Apple TV with NFL games in tow by Nate Swanner — in Apps Credit: The Next Web 356 shares Twitter may be coming to Apple TV soon, but only to stream NFL games. According to a new report from The New York Times, it’s is planning to launch an Apple TV app with a focus on streaming sports: Twitter is in talks with Apple to bring the Twitter app to Apple TV, which would potentially let millions of Apple TV users watch the streaming NFL games, according to the two people briefed on the discussions. TNW Answers Your questions answered by founders, experts and thought leaders in business, design and tech. Join a chat The report strongly suggests the app will have a streaming sports focus, but doesn’t specifically limit its scope to live events. It would be nice to have an app that streamed sports and surfaced popular or timely tweets related to the content, too (a game streaming alongside hashtagged tweets about the game? Pretty amazing). Twitter recently found success with its Wimbledon streams, though they were limited to the mobile app. Twitter’s other property, Periscope, has an Apple TV app which may serve as the blueprint. It surfaces curated content rather than providing a mobile-gone-TV experience. It doesn’t work well for Periscope, but may be a good look for Twitter’s own streaming sports efforts. Read next: Reddit refuses to hand over IP address of music pirate AppleApple TVAppsTwitter Share on Facebook (49) Share on Twitter (271) Nate Swanner is a reporter from Portland, OR, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on nate@thenextweb.com or @NateSwanner on Twitter. TNW's West Coast writer in the PNW (Portland, Oregon). Nate loves amplifying developers, and codes in Swift when he's not writing. If you need to get in touch, Twitter or email are your best bets. Contact Mail Tweet Location Portland, OR, US Posts 1654 Posts / mo. 89.36   All posts by Nate > The latest articles around Apple Apple's iPhone sales continue to drop as its profits go through the roof Mix Apple might introduce a bendable iPhone – but it's a feature, not a bug Mix Apple patent lends credibility to Scoble's see-through iPhone scoop Bryan Clark Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal These omnidirectional conveyor belts are a total trip Juan Buis You can now learn the basics of coding with Disney's Moana Matthew Hughes I can't stop mashing up Twitter accounts with this hilarious website Juan Buis Comments Recommended A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 New Facebook feature lets you find nearby Wi-Fi Bryan Clark 2 Tesla powers an entire island with solar energy to flex its mighty panels Mix 3 Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 The death of net neutrality begins today Bryan Clark 5 Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Rejoice: Microsoft brings Solitaire to Android and iOS Napier Lopez This baby stealing its parents' phone is absolutely terrifying Juan Buis Nadella says next Microsoft phone will be the "ultimate mobile device" Napier Lopez The UK wants to give startups £400 million to prevent foreign buyouts Matthew Hughes Study: iPhone owners tend to be more superficial than Android users Mix Snag a pair of the world’s smallest charging cables for just $20 TNW Deals This iPhone still works after a year on the bottom of an icy lake Juan Buis Samsung is wrongly recalling older Galaxy smartphones as Note 7's Mix Google Pixel update brings nifty double-tap and raise-to-wake features Mix You can finally catch everyone's favorite in Pokémon Go Juan Buis Experts call on Clinton to challenge election results over hacking fears Abhimanyu Ghoshal Telegram launches Telegraph to let you publish articles anonymously Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook has reportedly built a tool to censor content in China Abhimanyu Ghoshal Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark @mattcutts The objective is not to make your links appear natural. The objective is that your links are natural. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business How to Read Between the Lines of Tim Cook’s Epic Interview The Apple CEO covered almost everything—but it’s what he didn’t say that’s most interesting. by Jamie Condliffe August 15, 2016 To celebrate five years as CEO of Apple, Tim Cook has given a very long, exclusive interview to the Washington Post about his experiences so far.  But what he didn’t say is just as interesting as what he did. The interview—all 10,000 words of it—covers a lot of ground, from what it was like to take over from Steve Jobs to Cook’s unusually loud voice on social issues. But he also spoke at length about the development of Apple’s forthcoming products and features. Here, we read between the lines of some of Cook’s utterances. “Your question seems to imply that we’re behind [in developing AI]. Let’s take a look at that. We’ve been shipping Siri since 2011.” Cook took exception to the fact that his interviewer, Jena McGregor, thought Apple needed to “catch up with the AI efforts from companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon.” Cook was right to argue that Siri stole the company an early lead in artificial intelligence, but Google wasted no time in responding. In the last couple of years, publicly available AI systems from the likes of Google and Amazon certainly have outpaced releases by Apple. That much was made evident at this year’s Worldwide Developer Conference, when Apple launched new software features based on machine learning—such as facial recognition and more intuitive predictive typing—that have existed in products from Facebook and Google for some time. Where Apple does have an edge, though, is with privacy: the latest AI processing from Apple is all carried out on your device, rather than in the cloud, which means your data is (theoretically) kept under your control. “I think [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind [the] curtain.” It’s no secret that Apple has been experimenting with virtual and augmented reality. A set of conference proceedings dating back to 1996 mentions a “prototype wearable computer system from Apple Computer with a Virtual I/O head mounted display.” More recently, Apple has published patents for VR headsets and recruited staff with experience in developing 3-D graphics for virtual and augmented reality. It’s also acquired a number of AR startups, among them PrimeSense and Metaio. Cook mentioned just a few weeks ago on an earnings call that Apple has invested in AR and will continue to do so. Quite what the result of all that research and development will be, though, remains unclear. Most likely is that Apple will follow the simplistic Pokémon Go trend with something a little more intelligent—like the platform that Baidu recently announced. Baidu’s system makes use of machine learning to add detail to the real world, and it plans to bake those features into some of its most widely used apps. A similar tactic could see Apple including AR features in its flagship apps, though that’s purely speculative. “It became clear that the trade-off … was essentially putting hundreds of millions of people at risk for a phone that may or may not have anything on it. We thought this actually is a clear decision. A hard one, but a clear one.” The Apple CEO was nothing but confident in discussing the company’s decision to fight the FBI over unlocking the San Bernardino iPhone. He explains to the Washington Post that engineers at Apple very quickly realized that they could create a tool for the authorities that would be able to unlock an iPhone—the question, really, was whether it should. As MIT Technology Review has pointed out, there is no technical middle ground over this question: either you let law enforcement agencies into encrypted devices and run the risk of letting others find a similar way in, or you don’t. But Cook didn’t even stop to consider that he could be wrong—and there are some compelling arguments that indicate he might be. Cook has suggested in the past that law enforcement agencies should be locked out of devices by software, but that they could “come to you and say, ‘Open your phone.’ … They could pass a law that says you have to do it, or you have to do it or there’s some penalty.” There are several problems with this: The approach is useless when the phone belongs to a dead victim, it seems to weaken the protection against self-incrimination embodied in the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and it would likely be taken advantage of by criminals if the choice boiled down to providing incriminating evidence or simply facing contempt-of-court charges. In short, things may not be quite as clear as Cook suggests. “I can’t answer a question about something we haven’t announced. We’ve always viewed that people love surprises. We don’t have enough anymore in our lives.” Cook was perhaps most unwilling to discuss anything to do with Apple’s plans to develop a car—but we know it’s doing something that involves automobiles. Apple has already introduced its own software into vehicles in the form of CarPlay, but there’s clearly more afoot. The company has hired a slew of robotics engineers with the expertise required to make self-driving vehicles, and one industry source told MIT Technology Review late last year that he’d met with engineers at an Apple-owned subsidiary to discuss automated driving technology. Rumors continue to swirl about what, exactly, the company is working on, but the latest reports claim that Apple is most likely building autonomous software for vehicles rather than building a whole car. Perhaps, as Cook suggests, we should all just look forward to his surprise announcement. (Read more: Washington Post) Learn more about augmented reality at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Tim Cook, Apple, augmented reality, driverless cars, data privacy, MIT Technology Review Events, EmTech 2016 Credit Photograph by Richard Drew | AP Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Business Technologies are revolutionizing how we work and how companies operate. Manufacturing Jobs Aren’t Coming Back President-elect Trump’s promise to bring back production jobs ignores the realities of advanced manufacturing. by Mark Muro When Its Employee Blew the Whistle, Theranos Was Out for Blood Mind-boggling VC funding and influential board members appear to have created a company prepared to do anything but admit defeat. by Jamie Condliffe Amazon’s Push in India Starts to Deliver The e-tailing giant learned some hard lessons from its failure to hit it big in China, and it’s putting them to use in the subcontinent. by Nanette Byrnes More from Business The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Streaming Media/Rumor AppsStreaming Media Twitter wants to stream its NFL games on Apple TV, report says By Jacob Kleinman | August 15, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Twitter shocked the world when it won the rights to stream Thursday night NFL games. Since then, the company has been racking up similar deals, and a new report claims the social network could be eyeing Apple TV as a major platform for all that new content. The New York Times said recently that Twitter is in talks with Apple to develop a new app for the set top box, citing two sources with inside information. The report doesn’t reveal much else about the deal, but mentions that it could allow millions of people to stream NFL games. The first Thursday night game is set for September 15, so we could see the new Apple TV app launch pretty soon. It’s unclear if Twitter’s Apple TV app would also stream other content, but that seems like an obvious progression. The social network has quickly signed similar deals to show content from the NBA, MLB, the NHL and more. It’s also reportedly in talks with MLS. Twitter has put a huge emphasis on live streaming — and sports in particular — as the company struggles to compete with rivals like Facebook and Snapchat, so an app of this kind certainly makes sense. Source NYTimes Topics #Apple #Twitter #Apple #Apple TV #Twitter Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple TV To Feature Twitter And Its Live NFL Games 15 August 2016, 12:00 pm EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing ADVERTISEMENT Apple TV owners could watch live streaming of the NFL games soon enough, as Twitter and Apple are reportedly in talks. The social media company is looking to land as many viewers as possible, and Apple fans love football.  ( Pixabay ) Advertisement Twitter had the leg up on Facebook last year, when the two rivals went toe to toe over which will have the rights to live-stream the National Football League games on Thursday nights. As the NFL saw the disadvantages in other offers, Twitter was granted the rights. For example, Facebook proposed tough terms for the League, such as selling all the ads that would air during the games. This would have meant a total meltdown for the commercial relationship between marketers and the NFL. On the other hand, Twitter got the rights to stream 10 games, for which it paid the NFL about $10 million, while also agreeing to sell just a slice of the ads in full exclusivity. The company acknowledges the immense popularity of the games aired each Thursday night, which attracted 13 million viewers per game during the last season. The first streaming is scheduled for Sept. 15, and then Twitter will be able to assess how sustainable its purchase was, and if live streaming will indeed bring a consistent revenue stream. This is not the first live streaming deal that Twitter inked this year. The company also has partnerships with the Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, Wimbledon, Pac-12 Networks and CBS News. Insiders from the company hinted that Twitter is undergoing negotiations with other big names such as the Professional Golfers Association (PGA) and the Major League Soccer (MLS) to pursue the same kind of agreements. Facebook refused to make any official statements regarding the NFL talks, and the same mum response came from the PGA and the MLS. Twitter has huge stakes in live streaming, as the purchase of transmission rights is essential to making itself a mainstream internet destination. By embracing live coverage of sports events, Twitter could appeal to a wider audience than its loyal fan base. Last, but not least, the live events could help the company increase revenue from video ads. By focusing on delivering football or basketball games on Twitter's mobile apps and on desktop computers, the increased number of viewers could translate into surging numbers of video ads, which in turn could help the company turnover a great profit. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey is of the opinion that streaming is critical to the company's march towards "live" experiences. Another part of this strategy is the launch of the enterprise's Periscope. The app, which is owned by Twitter, permits smartphone users to live stream video. What is more, Twitter is purportedly in discussion with Apple so that the micro-blogging app lands to Apple TV, meaning that the millions of Apple TV owners could have prime access to streaming NFL games. In 2015, a report indicated that Apple is pondering upon a bid for exclusive NFL rights itself, but the company dropped the offer. Neither Twitter, nor Apple commented on the rumors. Twitter is not the only tech company accelerating its efforts to take a bite out of the live streaming pie. Facebook and Snapchat are in talks with media companies for the purchase of live streaming rights to entertainment and sporting events. Instagram dabbles into live products experiments, and every single venture has its eyes on video advertising dollars. This only shows that times have changed and marketers see more growth potential in online videos than in traditional television ads. TAG Twitter, Live Streaming, NFL, Twitter streaming NFL games © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles 5 Twitter Accounts To Follow For 2016 NFL Draft Coverage Twitter To Stream 10 Thursday Night Football Games During 2016 NFL Season NFL Inks Deal With Twitter To Include More Highlights And Content On Social Network Apple Launches New Apple TV Remote App: Transform Your iPhone Into A Siri Remote CBS News Launches Apple TV-Exclusive App, Tapping Siri For Voice Search From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Facebook Inc: Good Enough for FB Stock Means Game Over for Competitors Facebook won the decade as network effects take over By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Aug 12, 2016, 10:29 am EST     Popular Posts: Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Buffett Bails on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Stock. Should You? 7 Retail Stocks to Watch for Black Friday Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Still Has Plenty of Tricks up Its Sleeve Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock Needs This to Happen This Is Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Is Worth Its Valuation View All Posts Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) no longer has to be the best, and this has a lesson for anyone buying social stocks. Source: SilverIsdead Via Flickr As TechCrunch notes, FB stock has used a new Instagram feature called “Stories” to cut the growth rate of rival Snapchat, much as it previously used a feature called “Subscribe” to cut into the growth of Twitter Inc (NASDAQ:TWTR). The aim is not to kill rivals. The aim is to deliver something “good enough” to cut into those rivals’ growth, to degrade their value and to keep those users who already depend on Facebook from leaving by increasing their switching costs. A Strategy With A History This is a strategy with a very long history. 7 Tech Stocks That Will Pop 10% or More In your grandfather’s day, back when mainframes were all the rage, and programmers wore ties, International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) did this repeatedly to rivals like Burroughs, Univac, NCR Corporation (NYSE:NCR), Control Data and Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON). These rivals, called at the time the “BUNCH” for their initials, could only survive by going into other businesses. Burroughs and Univac, by the way, are now Unisys Corporation (NYSE:UIS). In your father’s day, when PCs were the new thing, and portable meant they had a handle, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) used the same strategy against Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and its Macintosh. Windows was not the best graphical user interface, but it was good enough, it was cheaper, and it was more open to software developers. The “network effect” from this eventually made Apple a niche player. Understanding Network Effects and FB Stock So it is today with social networking, especially on mobile platforms. Facebook no longer has to be the best in a new niche, on a feature-for-feature basis. It just needs to be good enough to keep most of the people dependent on it from leaving the platform, the way a peloton in a bicycle race can catch a breakaway — stay in the bunch, keep up a steady tempo and the lone rider will tire. But this fact also has big implications across the social sphere. Once a company’s “network effect” makes it the 800-pound gorilla in a space, the attractiveness of other solutions wanes, consolidation takes place and the oxygen of capital that start-ups need to survive moves on. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg understood this history. That’s why he launched the Open Compute Project in 2011, investing enough in its own data centers to make Facebook independent in the cloud. That is why he made Facebook a “mobile first” company in 2013, closing projects that focused on desktops. He knew that getting there “first with the most,” as the military strategists say, is the key to winning the war. The Lesson: Buy Facebook What does this mean for investors? Simple. If you want to be in social, if you want to be in mobile, close your eyes to the price and buy FB stock. Yes, at $125/share it is trading at 60 times earnings. But it had $17 billion in revenue last year, and already has nearly $12 billion for the first half of this year. JCPenney Stock Sizzles Despite Lackluster Q2 (JCP) More important is that Facebook has achieved control over the mobile-social market. It’s on the hill everyone else wants to get on, and that hill is heavily fortified by data centers, programmers and enough cash to buy into any niche it wants. Even if Facebook has to take or develop the second-best solution in a particular niche, it can now use network effects to slowly crush the best solution in that area. Until the great game of technology moves off mobile platforms and social networks, just buy FB stock. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial journalist and futurist who dabbles in fiction, his latest being The Reluctant Detective Travels in Time. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing he owned shares in AAPL and MSFT. More From InvestorPlace 7 Dividend-Paying Energy Stocks to Tap Into Now! GoPro Inc: Omni VR Can’t Turn GPRO Stock Around Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/fb-stock-facebook-good-enough/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management Opinion by Preston Gralla Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech issues Their views are far apart on nearly every issue related to technology and the tech industry By Preston Gralla | Follow Contributing Editor, Computerworld | Aug 15, 2016 8:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Donald Trump Aug. 19, 2015; Hillary Clinton by Gage Skidmore; both CC BY-SA 4.0, via Wikimedia Commons More like this Tech groups want Trump to actually notice their industry Tech issues largely ignored on presidential campaign trail The H-1B positions of Clinton and Trump Video UPS Puts Consumers in Control Opinion by Preston Gralla Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech... Microsoft misjudges millennials,... How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for... Apple’s encryption stand: Doing the... Microsoft sees silver lining in clouded... Is this the worst Internet law ever? Show More This presidential election presents one of the clearest choices in U.S. history between two major-party candidates. But one thing has been rarely discussed: Where do the candidates stand on tech issues? Whether it’s net neutrality, investing in tech infrastructure, building an educational pipeline of tech workers, privacy or any of several other tech issues, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton take very different approaches. It’s worth looking at their varied stances. Let’s start with net neutrality. For Clinton, it’s straightforward. She supports the FCC’s rulings in favor of net neutrality. Trump opposes the concept. His primary statement on the matter came in a tweet in which he called President Obama’s support of net neutrality an “attack on the internet.” His full tweet is: “Obama’s attack on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.” As for whether the government should be allowed to force tech companies to give the FBI back doors so the government can get access to people’s phones even if they’re locked, Trump is for it. In February of this year, he called for a boycott of Apple unless that company developed software to allow the FBI to break into the phone of the San Bernardino mass shooter. Clinton’s views are much closer to Apple’s on the matter. Her tech position paper says, "Hillary rejects the false choice between privacy interests and keeping Americans safe," which mirrors the stand of Apple CEO Tim Cook. She favors setting up a commission on encryption, privacy and security to come up with proposals for balancing safety and privacy. Clinton supports expanding broadband access and developing next-generation mobile 5G technology, as part of her $275 billion plan in infrastructure spending, which would also put money toward roads, bridges, airports and railways. Trump hasn’t put out any plans for increasing broadband access. He has, however, recommended that the government limit access to the internet in some instances. Late last year, he said that the government should consider “closing that Internet” in order to stop Islamic jihadists from recruiting people in the United States. He said, "We're losing a lot of people because of the Internet. We have to see Bill Gates and a lot of different people that really understand what's happening. We have to talk to them about, maybe in certain areas, closing that internet up in some ways. Somebody will say, 'Oh freedom of speech, freedom of speech.' These are foolish people." When it comes to making sure that the U.S. provides a pipeline of people for the tech industry, Clinton has a comprehensive plan that includes investments in computer science and STEM education in the public schools, training additional computer science teachers and giving grants to programs to retrain workers for tech-related jobs. Trump hasn’t said much about tech education. Instead, he would target what he believes are abuses in the H-1B visa program. On patent reform, Clinton supports the Obama administration’s efforts to curb patent troll abuse. Trump hasn’t mentioned the issue. Clinton has weighed in on how to protect workers in the growing gig economy in which people work freelance or part time for companies such as Uber but don’t have the protections and safety net that are commonly enjoyed by people who work full time for businesses. She wants worker benefits to be portable across gigs and supports the Affordable Care Act’s subsidizing of people who don’t get health insurance from an employer and need help paying. Trump hasn’t talked about the gig economy and would kill the Affordable Care Act. Trump has on occasion attacked tech companies and threatened them or their founders, something Clinton hasn’t done. For example, he has frequently attacked Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, claiming that he bought The Washington Post in order to curry favor with politicians. He said that he’d target Amazon for retribution if he became president: “Believe me, if I become president, oh, do they have problems. They’re going to have such problems.” He has also criticized Apple for building its iPhones in China, promising that if elected, "I'm going to get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land not in China.” Clinton has far more endorsements from tech executives than does Trump. Among those who have publicly endorsed her are Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook; Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet; Reed Hastings, founder and CEO of Netflix; Drew Houston, founder and CEO of Dropbox; David Karp, founder and CEO of Tumblr; Barry Diller, chairman and senior executive of IAC and Expedia; and many others. (Here’s a partial list as of late June.) She draws support from Republican as well as Democratic tech executives. Meg Whitman, the CEO and president of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and former president and CEO of eBay, recently endorsed her. Whitman ran unsuccessfully for governor of California as a Republican in 2010. Trump’s only notable tech endorser has been Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal and Palantir and a director at Facebook. So if you care about tech, closely examine both candidates’ policies toward it, and vote accordingly. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Management Technology Law & Regulation Preston Gralla is a contributing editor for Computerworld and the author of more than 45 books, including Windows 8 Hacks (O'Reilly, 2012) and How the Internet Works (Que, 2006). 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Opinion by Preston Gralla Previous Next Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Currently reading Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech issues Microsoft misjudges millennials, spectacularly How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for Facebook access to China? Apple’s encryption stand: Doing the right thing for the wrong reason Microsoft sees silver lining in clouded Windows Is this the worst Internet law ever? Technology can reduce gun violence Is the Adpocalypse upon us? Windows 10: Public enemy No. 1, or an OS like any other? Windows 10: Microsoft lays its smartphone ambitions to rest The Internet of Things: Your worst nightmare Broadband for all Europe’s war against U.S. tech is wrongheaded Tech’s peculiar relationship with social justice We’ve got net neutrality. Now the real work begins. HoloLens: Look who’s innovating 2015 is make or break for Microsoft In Silicon Valley, do the jerks always win? Can the iPhone 6 really defeat the NSA? What Gamergate says about the tech industry The antipathy toward women expressed in the Gamergate dispute reflects uncomfortable truths about... It’s time to regulate baby monitors Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 15 AAPL: 109.48 1.30 Apple is gifting flag-themed Watch bands to Olympic athletes in Rio, skirting official sponsorship Jordan Kahn - 3 months ago @JordanKahn Apple Watch AAPL Rio Olympics View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple isn’t an official Olympics sponsor, but it’s managed to still take advantage of the event for its own marketing purposes with limited-edition Apple Watch bands themed with country flag designs. Not only is it selling those watch bands for 14 different country flags to coincide with the Olympics this month, it’s also reportedly giving them away for free to athletes at its Apple Store in Rio (via iphone-ticker.de). Citing a firsthand account from a team manager for Germany, iphone-ticker notes the Apple Store is giving away two free bands to accredited Olympic athletes, effectively allowing it to market its product during the games without an official sponsorship of athletes or the games itself. Athletes can get the two free bands through the VillageMall Apple Store in Rio after showing proof of being an Olympian, according to the report. The bands normally sell for $49 US $99 US each.  Apple’s biggest competitor, Samsung, has long been a sponsor of the games and many Olympic athletes. In the past the company has reportedly requested its athletes cover Apple logos as a requirement of sponsorship. This year Samsung unveiled a Galaxy S7 edge “Olympics Games edition” as the official mobile phone sponsor of the games. A report earlier this month from Reuters noted that Apple appears to not be breaking any rules of the U.S. Olympic Committee by not including the Olympic rings logo or any mention of the “Olympics” on or alongside the bands. “As long as they do not use the Olympic logo, the Rio 2016 logo or our look, there is no infringement,” said Sylmara Multini, director of licensing and retail for the Rio 2016 organizing committee. The limited-edition, flag-themed Watch bands currently sell only through the Apple Store VillageMall in Rio approximately six miles from Olympics venues. Reuters reported the Brazil-themed models were “close to selling out” last week and some of the bands appear to have made their way to eBay for multiples of $99 US they sell for from the Apple Store.  Some third-party Apple Watch band makers have also noticed the popularity of Apple’s limited-edition bands and started offering their own country themed bands for sale. In addition to the themed Watch bands, Apple’s new “Human Family” Shot on iPhone campaign featuring poet Dr. Maya Angelou is said to have launched to coincide with the Olympics this month. @9to5mac they have nice boxes 🤔 pic.twitter.com/bDiZNIFJ1n — Alireza (@alixrezax) August 15, 2016 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide Rio Olympics View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw HPE core servers and storage under pressure Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Not fake news: Facebook reinvents SVG Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers Telegram API ransomware wrecked three weeks after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers More like this Apple Ireland Data Centre Data Centre Apple allowed to put up bit barn in the Fields of Athenry Locals had worried tech titan might bash bats, pollute, nick Trevelyn's corn 15 Aug 2016 at 16:01, Katyanna Quach Katyanna Quach Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles It's all fun and games until someone loses an AI Facebook's AI boss is on a mission to end spoon-fed machine intelligence Baidu Research grills AI models on deep learning Apple has been granted permission to build a 220kVA data centre in County Galway, Ireland by the council, after the company faced objections over energy consumption and environmental disturbances. Plans to spend €850m (£658m) on the 24,550m2 data centre were submitted in 2015, but were delayed after locals voiced concerns about the negative impacts it could have on Athenry, a scenic medieval town in County Galway. The plan is to clear forest land currently occupied by non-native tree species just outside the town. A number of appeals were filed over worries that the data centre would cause traffic, noise and light pollution, flooding, and disturb bats and badgers - both protected species. Apple isn’t the only tech company investing in Irish data centres. Facebook is building one in County Meath and claims it will be powered completely by renewables. In Apple’s case, however, that’s not feasible, and there are concerns that the data centre could hinder Ireland’s target of 16 per cent renewable energy in final consumption by 2020. But, after a review by Ireland’s National Planning Board, An Bord Pleanála, Apple has now been given the green light to build its second data centre in Europe. A local councillor, Peter Feeney, was in favour of the project, citing the number of jobs it would create. It is estimated the data centre will generate 300 jobs, including 150 after it is built. The Irish facility will work alongside the data centre in Viborg, Denmark to power Apple’s services – including iMessage and iTunes. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 12 Comments Whitepapers OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its analytic cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > KGI: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro coming in 2017, ‘flexible OLED’ iPad in 2018 KGI: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro coming in 2017, ‘flexible OLED’ iPad in 2018 August 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says Apple will be making big changes to its iPad lineup in 2017. Specifically, Apple will be releasing three models of iPad: 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, a low cost 9.7-inch iPad, and a new iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch display. With the new dimensions, it could be possible that Apple will have a bezel-less version of its 9.7-inch iPad, meaning the 10.5-inch model will have the same footprint as the 9.7-inch iPad, but with more screen real estate. An edge-to-edge iPad would fall in line with current rumors surrounding the iPhone 8 (2017 iPhone), that is said to also be having a bezel-less display. The report implies that we won’t be seeing another major iPad update until at least 2017. Given that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is relatively new, being released in March, we don’t see that being upgraded in 2016. Kuo says that both the 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 and 10.5-inch iPad will be equipped with Apple’s A10X chips, the sibling to the A10 chip which is expected to be in the iPhone 7 coming in September. Apparently, the ‘low cost’ 9.7-inch iPad will be using the same A9X chip found in the current iPad Pro lineup. It’s worth noting that Kuo does not mention how much cheaper the iPad will be. Beyond 2017, Kuo believes that Apple will be making an iPad with a flexible OLED display in 2018. The device will be a revolutionary upgrade to the iPad line with major design changes. While some may think a flexible display means that the display will be able to bend or flex, it’s worth noting that the Apple Watch also has a flexible OLED display. Tags: iPad, iPad Pro, Ming-Chi Kuo About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple CEO Tim Cook talks iPhone, AI, and the future in new interview More mockups of rumored ‘Space Black’ iPhone 7 Plus emerge → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Jump to navigation You are here Home Analyst predicts iPad Pro 2, 10.5-inch iPad and new lowcost iPad coming in 2017 Submitted by Jennifer Nguyen on Mon, 08/15/2016 - 12:20 As we've noted before, there hasn't been much talk about the next-generation iPad Pro 2. It is possible that Apple doesn't plan to release a new 12.9-inch tablet in 2016, or any more iPad models this year, and noted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo agrees with us. MacRumors posted a new research report by Kuo, who believes Apple is planning to release three new iPad models in 2017. Kuo expects Apple to release an iPad Pro 2 and a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model next year. He also noted that Apple will release a "low-cost 9.7-inch" tablet sometime in 2017. "We expect three new iPads (12.9” iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5” iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7” iPad) to be launched in 2017, though this may not drive shipment growth amid structural headwinds; 2017F shipments to fall 10-20% YoY. If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5” model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets. As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5” iPad Pro in 2017." The iPad Pro 2 will be powered by a new A10X processor, and the low-cost iPad will ship with the same A9X processor found in the current iPad Pro models, according to Kuo. Kuo added that he expects "revolutionary" changes to Apple's iPad models as early as 2018. "Revolutionary iPad model likely to be introduced in 2018F at the earliest, with radical changes in form factor design & user behavior on adoption of flexible AMOLED panel. We believe iPad will follow in the footsteps of the iPhone by adopting AMOLED panel in 2018F at the earliest. If Apple can truly tap the potential of a flexible AMOLED panel, we believe the new iPad model will offer new selling points through radical form factor design and user behavior changes, which could benefit shipments." Kuo gave no mention of the iPad mini. This is because the 7-inch tablet may have seen its last days, as the larger iPhone Plus models takes it place. One would think that more iPad Pro 2 rumors would begin to surface with the iPhone 7 right around the corner, but there has been a noticeable lack of credible leaks. This is why a 2017 release date for the next-generation tablet seems likely, but you never know for sure when it comes to Apple. As for a "low-cost" iPad model, Apple isn't known for releasing entry-level devices. Even the discontinued iPhone 5c was priced at $100. This is the closests low-cost product Apple has ever released. Tags:  Rumors iPad Pro 2 Add new comment Your name E-mail The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage Comment * More information about text formats Text format Filtered HTMLPlain text Filtered HTML Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Main menu HOME NEWS FAQ ACCESSORY GUIDE CONTACT US ABOUT US Recent FAQs How do I stop receiving Twitter/Facebook notifications on my iPad? How do I send the iOS 10.2 screen effects Celebration and Send with Love on my iPad? Do Apple's AirPods work with the iPad? What is the iOS 10 release date? How much is the 9.7-inch iPad Pro? View all FAQs
null
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking French artist converts classic Macs into miniature indoor gardens [Gallery] MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 23, 2016 - 01:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 110.96 (-0.84, -0.75%) | NASDAQ: 5372.04 (-14.31, -0.27%) The real reason Apple wants to kill the 3.5mm headphone jack Monday, August 15, 2016 · 11:29 am · 32 Comments “As an Apple follower for three decades, I’ve come to understand that everything it does has some strategic goal in mind, and in some cases aims to drive broad industry innovation,” Tim Bajarin writes for PC Magazine. “My sense is that both of these impulses are in play when it comes to the headphone jack.” “From a historical perspective, Apple has always had a contrarian streak. It started with the design of the Mac, an iconic device that introduced the mouse and GUI. But it was another hardware change that caused the biggest uproar: switching from a 5.25-inch floppy disk to a 3.5-inch rotating storage medium in a hard shell,” Bajarin writes. “That change produced a venomous response from PC insiders at the time. Yet, this one move by Apple drove the entire PC industry to drop floppy drives and move to the 3.5-inch storage format. In 1989, Apple shocked the industry again by creating a Mac with a built-in CD-ROM drive. Apple saw the value of mixed media, and needed a new medium for storage that went well beyond what it could get on a 3.5-inch disk. Again, industry vets mocked Cupertino.” “These and other lessons from Apple’s past indicate that Apple’s big gambles often pay off and force the rest of the industry in a new direction,” Bajarin writes. “I suspect this is the case with the audio jack. Dropping it could drive the industry closer to the overall vision of wireless headsets, charging, and communications.” Read more in the full article – recommended, as usual – here. MacDailyNews Take: If not at launch, then relatively soon after, we expect Lightning headphones to be able do more than just reproduce sound: For one example, see Apple’s U.S. Patent No. 8,655,004: “Sports monitoring system for headphones, earbuds and/or headsets.” Apple’s patent abstract: A monitoring system that can be placed proximate to the head or ear of a user is disclosed. According to one embodiment, the monitoring system can be used with headphones, earbuds or headsets. The monitoring system can, for example, be used to monitor user activity, such as during exercise or sporting activities. The positioning of the monitoring system can also facilitate sensing of other user characteristics (e.g., biometric data), such as temperature, perspiration and heart rate. The monitoring system can also be used to control a an electronic device. In one embodiment, the monitoring system facilitates user control of the electronic device using head gestures. More info here. From your ear to your wrist in the blink of an eye™. Also, if you’d prefer no wires at all, you can do as we’ve been doing for years now and just go Bluetooth. We’ve been using wireless Jaybirds (currently the Jaybird X2 Sport Wireless Bluetooth Headphones (around $115)). They’re easy to charge, easy to pair, light and comfortable, and work perfectly with our Apple Watches and iPhones. SEE ALSO: Apple’s next-gen iPhone will feature all-new non-mechanical Home button, no 3.5mm headphone jack – August 2, 2016 Apple supplier preps for removal of 3.5mm headphone jack in next iPhone – June 30, 2016 Mossberg: New Even earphones tune themselves to each individual’s hearing – June 29, 2016 Alleged iPhone 7 chassis lacks 3.5mm headphone port – June 28, 2016 iPhone 7 rumored to get second speaker, larger camera – June 27, 2016 Apple is known for dumping legacy tech before the rest of the world catches up – June 27, 2016 iOS 9 code reveals Apple’s plans to dump 3.5mm headphone jack in future iPhones – January 20, 2016 Apple’s intention to kill the 3.5mm headphone jack is brilliant – January 13, 2016 iPhone 7 said to be waterproof, replace 3.5mm headphone jack with Apple’s Lightning – January 8, 2016 The fastest Lightning cable is also one of the least expensive – January 8, 2016 Apple will drop headphone jack to make the iPhone 7 super slim, source confirms; wireless charging and waterproof, too – January 7, 2016 Petition demands Apple keep 3.5mm headphone jack in the ‘iPhone 7’ – January 7, 2016 More reports claim Apple has dumped the 3.5mm headphone jack on iPhone 7 – January 5, 2016 Why Apple may axe the 3.5mm headphone jack – June 20, 2014 Apple may be poised to kill off the 3.5mm headphone jack – June 7, 2014 Apple may ditch analog 3.5mm headphone jack for Lightning to make thinner devices – June 6, 2014 Apple introduces MFi specs for Lightning cable headphones, iOS software update to deliver support – June 5, 2014 Apple preps HD audio for iOS 8 plus new Apple In-Ear Headphones and lightning cable – May 13, 2014 Apple patents biometric sensor-packed health monitoring earphones with ‘head gesture’ control – February 18, 2014 Apple paves way for more affordable iOS accessories with lower MFi and Lightning licensing fees – February 7, 2014 Categories: Opinion Tags: 3.5mm headphone jack, Apple, Cirrus Logic, eyeglasses for the ears, Home Button, iOS, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7 Pro, Jaybird X2 Sport Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Lightning, MeQ, MeQ Even headphones, MiFi, stereo speakers Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 31 Comments 1 2 Next » DErss Monday, August 15, 2016 - 11:39 am · Reply One thing for sure is that the reason to kill the jack was not tied with an idea to put a second speaker there — the latest revelations show that the holes were added to the bottom of the new iPhone just for the symmetry of design. And, indeed, putting two speakers so close together would not make an actual stereo sound, so the additional inner space was probably used by Apple to add more battery to the device and (or) to compensate for the double volume that double camera takes in a Pro variants. breeze Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:39 pm · Reply Hey Stupid, not one “loyal Apple consumer” feels that way, now go join the Trump brigade of losers. Replaced? Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:39 pm · Reply Angry much? Tim is not going to be replaced before you terminate yourself from anger and stress related health issues. auramac Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:58 pm · Reply See a therapist. You express nothing but foaming- moth hate, are irrational and probably a troll. Move on. flap Jack Jones Monday, August 15, 2016 - 3:28 pm · Reply Bravo. My feelings aren’t quite that caustic, but Apple has lost it’s way with Cook and Ivy. We want upgradeable Mac Pros, not artsy fartsy pos. We want anti glare screen options and rock solid OS’s like Snow Leopard. As for Trump, he’s going to kick crooked Shillary’s ass in November. Go ahead and down vote me. This isn’t reddit. spyintheskyuk Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 5:43 am · Reply Wow this guy must literally be a fly on the wall. Daniel Monday, August 15, 2016 - 11:51 am · Reply There is one different between getting rid of the floppy and getting rid of the headphone jack… The optical disk was a standard… Lightning is Apple proprietary… If they would have used USB-C for the connector then yes, then that would be comparable. As it is right now, having a separate pair of headphones for my Mac and iPhone would just not be acceptable… This isn’t the same as the 30-pin switch either… That was inconvenient but it was just a ~$10 cable not a $60+ pair of headphones… Voice of reason Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:08 pm · Reply Bajarin gets it. Almost every time Apple has done something like this it moves the entire industry forward. Your comment about standards is partially correct, but the 3.5 inch disks he speaks of had multiple competing formats at the time and didn’t become “standard” until the format Apple adopted was widely accepted. Same goes with the CD-ROM drive, there were different drives in the early 90’s and the one Apple settled on became the standard. So your argument kind of falls apart there. Also, with lighting being on over 1 billion iOS devices either natively or with a 30 pin adapter, the situation is completely different. Lighting can do a lot more than USB-C is capable of on a mobile device, uses less power, and is smaller physically. Also, if Apple is able to push wireless headsets that are far superior to existing tech, then they will start being able to get rid of wires. Over all this will end up being a good move for Apple and the entire industry, especially if it drives wireless adoption. Voice of reason Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:09 pm · Reply And also, you won’t need new headphones, there will be an adapter, there’s always an adapter. So that part of your argument is also incorrect. Predrag Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:46 pm · Reply Unless Apple plans to give away the lightning port protocol and turn it into a public standard, your arguments have a little hole in them. While both the 3.5″ floppy disk, as well as CD-ROM were only properly standardised once Apple implemented them, the choices Apple made with respect to the format of the two were still from among the public international standards. Same thing happened when they introduced USB (on the first iMac). In the PC world of that time, the common connections were parallel port (for printers), serial port (for older modems) and, on rare occasion, SCSI (when speed was needed). USB practically didn’t exist beyond technical specifications, and Apple was the one who introduced it into actual, shipping computer hardware. But again, even though Apple launched it and others embraced it, that too was a standard. Lightning port has been in existence since the iPhone 5 (four years now), and Apple is the only company that puts it on their hardware. So far they haven’t shown any interest in sharing this technology and making it an international standard. That is a huge difference. If only Apple devices are capable of using lightning for headphones, vast majority of headphones on the market will still have 3.5mm (or 6.5mm) connections, rather than lightning. And quite many makers may not really bother with lightning models. As much as I am looking forward to seeing this change, in hope that the technology will allow for more innovative solutions, I’m not sure it is as profound of a move as were the ones from your examples. Voice of reason Monday, August 15, 2016 - 6:00 pm · Reply That’s why the crux of my argument was the wireless connection, Bluetooth is standard on basically everything. But a device market over 1 billion strong will not be ignored by any manufacturer, it’s not like the old days when we were in the single digits, that’s why Apple can do this, and it’ll work. Every iPhone model is the best selling phone of all time when it comes out there is no way sennheiser, cheap Chinese ear bud manufacturers, et al will just not make lightning headphones…. Especially since Apple customers actually spend money on accessories. But to your larger point, I understand. It’s just a completely different situation now. Also, all the nave to do is have a lightning to 3.5mm cable/adapter. This isn’t going to be a big issue. Nekogami13 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 8:23 pm · Reply There are already lightning headphones out. https://www.audeze.com/products/el-8-collection/el-8-titanium http://www.usa.philips.com/c-p/M2L_27/fidelio-fidelio-headphones-with-lightning-connector -hh Monday, August 15, 2016 - 9:34 pm · Reply …the 3.5″ became standardized only after Apple adopted it? Golly, that’s not how I remember it being. Sure, the Mac came out with a 3.5″ … which was 400K. And there were some MS-DOS formats using 3.5″, such as the SS and DS that HP used on their HP-IB (IEEE-488) systems such as for the HP-150 (DOS based touchscreen). Can’t recall their exact format anymore, but they weren’t compatible with the later DOS based 3.5″ which came about after the age of the 1.2MB 5.25″ floppy. Later, Apple came out with 800K format … and later with the high density 1.4MB, which was also compatible to MS-DOS 1.44MB disks…and not compatible with Apple’s original 400K format. Suffice to say by the above, there’s some of us still kicking who remembers the headaches from having to deal with six (6) different 3.5″ floppy drive formats in the office spread out over only a few years. -hh Xennex1170 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 9:59 pm · Reply I remember 4 3.5in floppy densities.. Single, Double, High and Enhanced, each doubling the prior density. I bought the Enhanced Density disk and 3rd party drive for my C128 way back then.😀 Tons of space to work in. theledger Monday, August 15, 2016 - 11:57 am · Reply I surmised when I first heard rumors that the reason Apple wants to do this is that it allows for data to flow back to the device for any number of reasons without having to put extensive processors in the headphone device. Could be helpful in generating better noise cancelling, better surround sound experience not just for movies but also for augmented reality. Spark Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:20 pm · Reply We will know Apple’s reasoning in a few more weeks. annoyomus Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:44 pm · Reply My one misgiving on this whole thing is that we really don’t know yet if wireless headphones cause cancer . Thats a scary prospect that in a couple years we find out that a large number of people are getting brain cancer .I’m not a alarmist- but cell phone radiation is dangerous. Predrag Monday, August 15, 2016 - 1:09 pm · Reply Initially, I had thought that your concern is misplaced. I then did a bit of research. Bluetooth uses about the same frequency spectrum as household microwaves (2.4GHz), while regular GSM mobile phones use 900kHz or 1.8GHz (950kHz / 1.9Ghz for some operators). So, they all use more-or-less similar frequencies used by microwave ovens for cooking food. Mobile phones have maximum output of about 2W, while Class 2 bluetooth (most common in phones) goes out to 2.5mW. A microwave outputs some 1,000W (1kW). So, what does this say? Ordinary microwave oven outputs close to 500 x more power than an ordinary cellphone, which itself outputs close to 1,000 x more power than a bluetooth device (class 2). Important thing to keep in mind is that those 1,000 Watts that microwave oven emits to cook food are directed specifically in the direction of the food plate, while your mobile phone antenna (and that of your bluetooth device) are designed to dissipate that energy in all directions as evenly as possible. One other thing to consider; mobile phone radio output is variable and depends on the strength of the signal received from the cell tower. The output can vary the maximum of about 2W all the way down for a few milliWatts (mW). This is why people in suburban and rural areas have noticeably shorter battery life than people in the cities; their phones have to work at maximum power in order to connect to a remote tower, while for us in the cities, cell towers are close together and we almost always have five “bars” on our phones, so the radio operates on just few mW of power (instead of thousands of mW needed to reach that distant cell tower). Consequently, if cellphones give you cancer, rural folk are, regrettably, much more likely to get it that urban folk. Of course, jury is still out on that one, and based on the math given above, it would take many thousands of years of cellphone use before we expose our body to enough microwave radiation to cook a turkey… Kevin Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:54 pm · Reply I think possibly the best line in a great article is the last one: “And despite its jabs earlier this month, Samsung is likely to quickly follow suit.” Not just Samsung… everyone else too. Sarasota Monday, August 15, 2016 - 1:00 pm · Reply Someone wants to close the ‘analog hole.’ Going digital means added DRM. kevicosuave Monday, August 15, 2016 - 2:59 pm · Reply There’s no closing the analog hole. As long as sound itself remains the result of differences in air pressure, there will always be an analog hole. Also it makes little sense to close this hole when it’s very rarely ever used. beosjim Monday, August 15, 2016 - 5:33 pm · Reply That is the first thing I thought of… This is kind of like the not really supported any longer analog component video cables. No DRM support means that even though it can do 720p and 1080i, most cable, satellite boxes, and video game systems, no longer support them, or only do in SP mode. Even when they are supported, some networks like ESPN and PPV services do not allow them. They say it is too easy to capture that video and digitize it for “piracy”. The analog audio headphone, despite it being a standard, it the same thing. A way to get the audio, even audio protected by DRM, out of the device and then converted to a non DRM audio format for “piracy”. kevicosuave Monday, August 15, 2016 - 7:10 pm · Reply No, the comparison really isn’t valid. There’s no way to do digital only audio. Audio at some point must be analog, and thus is always capable of being re-digitized. Again, it’s silly to think DRM has anything to do with this since the analog hole is not only physically incapable of being closed, but also is very rarely used since there is so much digital source audio without DRM. Additionally, DRM isn’t in Apple’s interest. It only utilizes DRM as required for the service or demanded by the content providers. Apple benefits from users being free without DRM and buying more product. If Apple were on the other side of this equation, they would: 1) Only sell music with DRM (which they dropped as soon as they could). 2) Not provide services that legitimize music from potentially illegitimate sources (IOW not provide iTunes Match). 3) Restrict the platform’s ability to play standard file formats such as AIF, WAV, MP3, ALAC, AAC (open) and only allow it to play proprietary formats specific to Apple’s platform. No, the simplest explanation for removing the headphone port, if true, is that Apple doesn’t like ports especially when they’re dedicated to single usage and potentially making their devices bigger/thicker than they otherwise could be. Roger Monday, August 15, 2016 - 2:18 pm · Reply So apple does’t like the 3.5 number… Killed the 3.5in disk Killed the 3.5in display of the original iPhone now in killing the 3.5mm jack.. pretty sure it will end up for good. DavGreg Monday, August 15, 2016 - 2:46 pm · Reply The reason: Apple is pushing hardware designed for obsolescence and frequent replacement at their famous 30% margins. Wireless earbuds that have sealed in batteries will crap out in a year or two while a good quality set of earbuds can. Last a very long time. Why else do you think they took the trackpad, keyboard and mouse and eliminated the ability to use rechargeable batteries? Apple is switching into a fashion house that markets cheap expendable shit at high margins designed to lady for a short season. kevicosuave Monday, August 15, 2016 - 2:57 pm · Reply It’s hard to take an article seriously that has so many glaring errors. Just from the summary: “But it was another hardware change that caused the biggest uproar: switching from a 5.25-inch floppy disk to a 3.5-inch rotating storage medium in a hard shell,” Bajarin writes. “That change produced a venomous response from PC insiders at the time. Yet, this one move by Apple drove the entire PC industry to drop floppy drives and move to the 3.5-inch storage format. The 3.5 inch disk was also a floppy disk (just in a hard shell). It was the internal disc itself on both that was physically floppy, hence the name. It didn’t receive a venomous response at all. It was faster, more reliable, larger capacity, smaller, and more durable. It could fit in a shirt pocket. That it wasn’t compatible with 5.25 inch floppies didn’t matter because the data and apps weren’t compatible with a Mac to begin with. It was quickly adopted on PCs by simply having it be added (while keeping the 5.25 inch drives). While Apple was one of the first to adopt the 3.5 inch floppy, it wasn’t Apple’s design, nor was it Apple’s drive. Apple really didn’t drive the industry here as there was a consortium of 21 companies that standardized the specification around what was essentially a Sony design (there were competing 3.5-ish standards at the time). That Apple was using the drive was largely irrelevant to the rest of the PC industry until much later when compatibility was established. “In 1989, Apple shocked the industry again by creating a Mac with a built-in CD-ROM drive. “ That would’ve been really shocking in 1989 since it wasn’t until 1998 when they did this. “Apple saw the value of mixed media, and needed a new medium for storage that went well beyond what it could get on a 3.5-inch disk. Again, industry vets mocked Cupertino.” The author is leaving out the most important point, and that is that Apple removed the 3.5″ floppy and since it was a CD-ROM drive and not at CD-R/RW drive, Apple had introduced a Mac that had no ability to write to removable media without additionally purchased accessories. Nobody mocked Apple for including the CD-ROM, but there was plenty of noise from people upset that there was no removable recordable media. However, for most of us the floppy drive was something that was already impractical and obsolete, so the author’s point here is valid, despite the facts being inaccurate. Xennex1170 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 6:40 pm · Reply True, by the time Macs got CD-ROM drives, it was already popular via Sony’s Walkmans and Playstation. eyeschool Monday, August 15, 2016 - 8:50 pm · Reply 1991-quadra 900 – option of up to 2xCD-ROM, if not the first then one of the first. Ben may have been off by a year or two, you’re off by seven, unless you meant completely eliminating the floppy and only offering a CD – the first iMacs. As to the 3.5 inch “floppy”, Apple put it in the first Mac in January of 84, and though the Mac wasn’t the first, it was the first to popularize it, and it was the Sony mechanism introduced in ’81, but mod’ed to Apple’s specs. It wasn’t floppy – the medium was, but the disk units were rigid. If it wasn’t for Apple, PC’s would have stuck to the 5.25″ format for many more years than they did. There’s a world of design and engineering between the 3.5 in. disk and its predecessors. Being so pedantic can backfire so easily. Cheers, dmz kevicosuave Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 5:31 pm · Reply “unless you meant completely eliminating the floppy and only offering a CD – the first iMacs.” Obviously I meant this since Apple wasn’t the first to offer a CD-ROM, nor was there much reaction to it until they released the CD-ROM with no floppy iMac which is what the author was talking about. Either way you look at it though, it wasn’t 1989 as the author wrote. “As to the 3.5 inch “floppy”, Apple put it in the first Mac in January of 84, and though the Mac wasn’t the first, it was the first to popularize it, and it was the Sony mechanism introduced in ’81, but mod’ed to Apple’s specs.” None of this contradicts anything I wrote. It wasn’t floppy – the medium was, but the disk units were rigid. Again, that’s pretty much what as I said, “The 3.5 inch disk was also a floppy disk (just in a hard shell). It was the internal disc itself on both that was physically floppy, hence the name.” The point is, the author is wrong in not calling the 3.5″ a floppy disk, which it very much was: “Yet, this one move by Apple drove the entire PC industry to drop floppy drives and move to the 3.5-inch storage format.” That should’ve been written as “…drop the 5.25″ floppy disk for the 3.5″ floppy disk” “If it wasn’t for Apple, PC’s would have stuck to the 5.25″ format for many more years than they did. “ That’s not true at all. The very floppy disk format that Apple adopted was based on a Sony design that was accepted by a consortium of 21 computer companies with others on board with it. It was a superior format that had very little resistance in acceptance in the PC industry. The Mac represented a tiny market share at the time, and it wasn’t like the PC industry had to adopt the format to become compatible in any way with the Mac. In fact, it wasn’t until years later after 3.5″ floppies were ubiquitous in PCs that Apple produced drivers allowing PC formatted floppies to be read in their “Super Drives”. “There’s a world of design and engineering between the 3.5 in. disk and its predecessors.” I have no idea why you just wrote that. Being so pedantic can backfire so easily. Being counter-pedantic with an inability to read properly can backfire even more. George Monday, August 15, 2016 - 3:51 pm · Reply Apple is right to remove the headphone socket, but the socket of the future for tvs, audio, PCs, tablets & phones is USB Type C. One type of headphone socket would best suit the consumer. Michael s Monday, August 15, 2016 - 5:30 pm · Reply From my musician days, I use a custom fit earpiece for my phone/iPod/Mac. I spent a lot of money for the two-way micro speakers inside these little devils and I do not want to give them up. So it appears that I will be forever a 3.5mm userl, instead of going to iPhone 7, will purchase a iPhone 6S with more memory. Sorry Apple. 1 2 Next » Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? Pundits suspect Apple’s Jony Ive no longer involved in iPhone, Mac product design MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,447 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians Superposition - Teen Wolf  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
null
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 2 min read Advice Who the CEO of Apple Turns to When He Needs Advice Nina Zipkin Entrepreneur Staff Staff Writer. Covers media, tech, startups, culture and workplace trends. Entrepreneur Network Barbara Corcoran's Best Business Advice Bryan Elliott Women Entrepreneurs Business Success Starts 'With One Person, an Idea and a Passion' Nina Zipkin Make More Happen The One Thing This Entrepreneur Does Each Day to Stay Productive Nina Zipkin August 15, 2016 During Apple CEO Tim Cook's five years in the top spot at Apple, he has overseen many product launches and worked to steer the business forward without the company's iconic co-founder Steve Jobs. It would be impossible not to learn something new about leadership under those circumstances, and in a recent interview with The Washington Post, Cook revealed some of the big names he seeks out when he needs help unpacking a problem. Cook said that when he was looking for a better understanding about giving cash back to shareholders, he got in touch with Warren Buffett, who knows a thing or two about that particular subject. Related: Apple Shows Us It's Hard to Be Innovative When You're on Top. But Does it Really Matter? When he had to testify before the U.S. Senate about the company’s tax practices in 2013, he talked to Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, because he thought Blankfein wouldn’t sugarcoat the experience. He also called President Bill Clinton, because why wouldn’t you? Cook said that he has also turned to Laurene Powell Jobs, widow of Steve Jobs, in the past because of her unique perspective about the company’s past and future. “That doesn’t mean I always do what they say,” he told The Washington Post about his advice seeking. “But I think it’s incumbent on a CEO to not just listen to points of view but to actually solicit them. Because I think, if not, you quickly become insular. And you’re sort of living in the echo chamber.” Related: Watch Tim Cook Describe His Daily Routine and 3 Keys for Success Now, you may not have CEOs or former presidents on speed dial like Cook does, but his insight about using an outside perspective that you trust to get a clearer handle on things is a valuable one. Look to people who have been where you are before, or have an area an expertise that you don’t. It never hurts to see the bigger picture. We want to hear from you: Who are some unlikely sources you go to for advice on running your business? Let us know on Twitter and Facebook. Nina Zipkin Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com. She frequently covers media, tech, startups, culture and workplace trends. Read more Leadership Apple Growing a Business Warren Buffett Tim Cook Get the Magazine Limited-Time Offer: 1 Year Print + Digital Edition and 2 Gifts only $9.99 Subscribe Now Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...

Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This one group is not interested in mobile wallets BI Intelligence Aug. 15, 2016, 11:02 AM 1,035 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Chase Pay has officially launched Dunkin' Donuts emphasizes its growing rewards program EMV is growing by leaps and bounds at some merchants This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. New data from the PULSE 2016 Debit Issuer study shows that despite increased availability, debit users are mostly uninterested in mobile wallets — a statistic that’s telling about overall user sentiment, because debit is the most popular card payment method in the US, according to TSYS. The PULSE results point to the idea that the biggest barrier between US users and mobile wallets is still an overall lack of interest. Issuers are more interested in mobile wallets than consumers. Two-thirds of issuers allow their customers to load their cards into mobile wallets. But for Apple Pay, the wallet with the highest level of debit card penetration, just 3.5% of eligible cards are loaded. For Samsung Pay and Android Pay, that number shrinks to 0.2%. This is an indicator that, for issuers, offering robust digital options is becoming increasingly important, likely because digital-savvy consumers have come to expect these types of offerings, even if just a small portion of them plan to make use of them in the near future.  Among interested consumers, ubiquity and ease of use are key. Though Samsung Pay and Android Pay have a lower number of cards loaded in, they’re seeing more use than Apple Pay. Samsung Pay and Android Pay count 1.8 and 1.7 average transactions per card per month, compared with 0.7 for Apple Pay. It’s worth pointing out that a recent study from Auriemma Consulting Group found that Samsung Pay, which is compatible at more terminals than Apple Pay because of the magnetic stripe technology it includes, had higher user satisfaction, a fewer number of users with trouble at the point of sale, and larger weekly average spend. That could be driving up user willingness to test the wallet.     Yet still, mobile payments are becoming more popular. But they still face some high barriers, such as consumers' continued loyalty to traditional payment methods and fragmented acceptance among merchants. But as loyalty programs are integrated and more consumers rely on their mobile wallets for other features like in-app payments, adoption and usage will surge over the next few years. Evan Bakker, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on mobile payments that forecasts the growth of in-store mobile payments in the U.S., analyzes the performance of major mobile wallets like Apple Pay, Android Pay, and Samsung Pay, and addresses the barriers holding mobile payments back as well as the benefits that will propel adoption. Here are some key takeaways from the report: In our latest US in-store mobile payments forecast, we find that volume will reach $75 billion this year. We expect volume to pick up significantly by 2020, reaching $503 billion. This reflects a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 80% between 2015 and 2020. Consumer interest is the primary barrier to mobile payments adoption. Surveys indicate that the issue is less the mobile wallet itself and more that people remain loyal to traditional payment methods and show little enthusiasm for picking up new habits. Integrated loyalty programs and other add-on features will be key to mobile wallets taking off. Consumers are showing interest in wallets with integrated loyalty programs. Other potential add-ons, like in-app, in-browser, and P2P payments, will also start fueling adoption. This strategy has been proved successful in China with platforms like WeChat and Alipay. In full, the report: Forecasts the growth of US in-store mobile payments volume and users through 2020. Measures mobile wallet user engagement by forecasting mobile payments' share of their annual retail spending. Reviews the performance of major mobile wallets like Apple Pay and Samsung Pay. Addresses the key barriers that are preventing mobile in-store payments from taking off. Identifies the growth drivers that will ultimately carve a path for mainstream adoption. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of how mobile payments are rapidly evolving. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments Mobile wallets Mobile Payments facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This one group is not interested in mobile wallets This one group is not interested in mobile wallets This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     KGI: 10.5″ model joining iPad Pro lineup in 2017, radically overhauled AMOLED iPad in 2018 By Christian Zibreg, Aug 15, 2016 Tweet 7 Comments KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo—who has a decent, but not stellar track record in predicting future Apple products—just issued a peculiar note to clients regarding the future of Apple’s iPad lineup. In the note, a copy of which was obtained by MacRumors, the well-connected analyst does not expect any major refreshes to iPads in this year. But for 2017, the analyst is calling for three new models: a brand new 10.5-inch iPad Pro size joining a second-generation 12.9-inch iPad Pro and a low-cost 9.7-inch iPad. These devices are predicted to be followed by a “revolutionary” iPad model in 2018 that should bring “radical changes” in form factor design and user behavior while adopting flexible AMOLED panels, which so-called Tenth Anniversary iPhone is expected to gain in 2017. He doesn’t expect the 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, 10.5-inch iPad Pro and low-cost 9.7-incher to drive shipment growth “amid structural headwinds”. In fact, 2017 iPad shipments are estimated to fall ten to twenty percent year-over-year. “If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5” model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets,” reads the note. “As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017.” The analyst expects the 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 to run Apple’s A10X processor (its A10 counterpart should power this year’s iPhone 7 refresh) built on TSMC’s cutting-edge ten-nanometer process technology. The low-cost 9.7-inch model he mentions in the report may adopt the current A9X processor, he said. Here’s Apple’s inaugural teaser ad for the iPad Pro from a year ago, it’s quite nice. And this is the latest iPad Pro ad which positions the tablet as the ultimate computer. As for the aforesaid AMOLED-outiftted iPad in 2018: Revolutionary iPad model likely to be introduced in 2018F at the earliest, with radical changes in form factor design and user behavior on adoption of flexible AMOLED panel. We believe iPad will follow in the footsteps of the iPhone by adopting AMOLED panel in fiscal 2018 at the earliest. If Apple can truly tap the potential of a flexible AMOLED panel, we believe the new iPad model will offer new selling points through radical form factor design and user behavior changes, which could benefit shipments. And by “radical changes in form factor” I assume he means a lot skinnier bezels and an all-new design to go with it. I’m way more intrigued about the changes in “user behavior” mentioned in the same breath as the “option of flexible AMOLD panel”. Sounds like a new input method to me, something along the lines of Force Touch. The Apple Watch is currently the only Apple device outfitted with flexible AMOLED panels that are required for Force Touch functionality. It would certainly make sense to first deploy AMOLED technology across Apple’s most important product—the iPhone—before rolling it out on larger iPad canvases. AMOLED panels are pretty costly and difficult to produce—that’s why you see only top of the line smartphones and tablets sporting them. Compared to the traditional LCD TFT technology used on all iOS devices to date, AMOLED panels provide greater contrast, deeper blacks, higher color saturation, a lot better visibility in direct sunlight—delivering these goodies while consuming a fraction of the power of their LCD counterparts. Source: MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend KGI: 5.8″ AMOLED iPhone with iPhone 4-like curved glass design due in 2017 KGI: OLED iPhone to boast 5.1″ or 5.2″ active display area Speculation that AMOLED display could be limited to “specialized edition” of iPhone 8 makes no sense Next-generation MacBook Pro could adopt brighter & sharper OLED display technology Related Topics AMOLED, Analysts, Apple, Display, iPad, iPad Pro, KGI Securities, Ming-Chi Kuo, News, OLED, Screen Y2J Maybe that “radical” one will be the one that finally makes more macOS-y and it’ll be truly capable of replacing a computer Chindavon Hybrid would be a dream come true. Y2J Definitely. In no way do I want just macOS on an iPad, but some sort of hybrid would be truly brilliant Joel Paskings Am I the only one still dreaming of an iPad Pro mini? 7.9″ seems like the perfect size, for me at least. Just an iPad mini with Apple Pencil support would be great. Gabriel Anaya Is it just me or is the iPad lineup starting to look pretty cluttered now. zuppa di mare you’re not alone Blip dude Don’t mean to *yawn* sound rude but how about fix the actual problem first rather than release a line of products that will now add further into the fragmentation. Fix the OS!!! Man, for a device that has sooo much potential, it continues to be crippled by a phone OS.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Microsoft brings Solitaire to iPhone and iPad This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr American Music Awards News Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Music Festivals Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Tim Cook's Apple Turns Five: CEO Talks iPhones, Taxes and His Eventual Successor in Lengthy Q&A 8/15/2016 by Billboard Staff FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Andrew Burton/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at an Apple event at the Worldwide Developer's Conference on June 13, 2016 in San Francisco. Tim Cook has marked five years as head of Apple with a lengthy -- we're talking 10,000 words -- interview with the Washington Post, offering his take on the tech giant's reliance on the iPhone -- which constitutes two-thirds of Apple's sales -- (not) falling behind in the world of artificial intelligence and what his successor will look like. He also went deep on allegations that Apple is dodging taxes in the U.S. by sheltering international profits in Ireland, saying he was "optimistic" that corporate tax reform could be enacted next year that would bring much of that money back to America. Here are select highlights from the Q&A: ON IPHONE OPTIMISM: "The global market for smartphones is 1.4 billion. Over time, I'm convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone. That may take a while, and they won't all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on earth from a consumer electronics point of view…. Look at the core technologies that make up the smartphone today and look at the ones that will be dominant in smartphones of the future -- like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren't leaving home without it today -- you're really going to be connected to it in the future." Apple Shares Rise After Beating Earnings Projections ON APPLE'S AI STRATEGY: "What we've done with AI is focus on things that will help the customer… There are other things in there, like if you're typing in mail, the prediction capability of the next word or next phrase that you will use has just -- Siri has gotten a lot smarter about that. I've been using it for a while, but if you haven't used it you should try it. The ability to recognize faces in photos and put those into the modern equivalent of a photo album -- we call this product Memories." ON AUGMENTED REALITY: "I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it's something we're doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about." ON THOSE CAR RUMORS: "We've always viewed that people love surprises. We don't have enough anymore in our lives." ON HIS EVENTUAL SUCCESSOR: "We have the good discipline to do that. Then my role is to make sure that the board has great candidates to pick from internally. And I take that role extremely seriously. Look around at the great people I get to work with -- there's some really just superb talent in the company." ON APPLE'S INTERNATIONAL TAXES: "The money that's in Ireland that [critics are] probably referring to is money that is subject to U.S. taxes. The tax law right now says we can keep that in Ireland or we can bring it back. And when we bring it back, we will pay 35 percent federal tax and then a weighted average across the states that we're in, which is about 5 percent, so think of it as 40 percent. We've said at 40 percent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate. There's no debate about it. Is that legal to do or not legal to do? It is legal to do. It is the current tax law. It's not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. It doesn't go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are. "And so what we've said -- we think it's fine for us to pay more, because right now we're paying nothing on that and we leave it over there. But we -- like many, many other companies do -- wait for the money to come back." EU Regulators Say Ireland Gave Apple Sweetheart Tax Deals ON THE LOOMING EU RULING ON WHETHER THEY OWE BILLIONS: "It's important for everyone to understand that the allegation made in the E.U. is that Ireland gave us a special deal. Ireland denies that. The structure we have was applicable to everybody -- it wasn't something that was done unique to Apple. It was their law." ON THE BROKEN CORPORATE TAX STRUCTURE: "I think it's in the best interest of the U.S. to have corporate tax reform, regardless of which political party is in charge of the White House. Because if you look at it, the U.S. rules today are that international companies like us and many others can keep their earnings that they earn overseas overseas, and then when they bring them back it triggers the tax liability… We're the only major country in the world that has a system like this. It's not good for the U.S., it's not good for the economy, it's not good for jobs, it's not good for investments… So I'm optimistic that, in 2017, there will be some sort of corporate tax reform." Read the full interview here. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web OpsDev is coming By Andreas Dharmawan Shares Developers, end users, investors, analysts and the competition were all eager to learn what Apple had in mind to maintain its leadership and market share at the recent WWDC in San Francisco. No new mind blowing product was announced, and Apple’s stock price actually fell. But there was a common theme that recurred throughout many sessions: user experience. Apple is continually aligning all products and apps so a user with multiple Apple products can have a seamless experience while switching from one device or app to another without losing the user’s context of what they are doing. Instead of focusing on the product features or product specs, the company focuses on its customers’ experiences. Apple has a knack for this kind of thinking. While its competitors are touting the large number of megapixels for their cameras and the number of cores in its newest smartphone model, Apple is comfortably showing beautiful, inspirational pictures taken by the iPhone without even mentioning any of the phone’s technical details. Improving efficiency We all know that we no longer can live our day without a smartphone. Plenty of tasks that used to take a lot of time — because the information was not accessible from our fingertips — are now accelerated to the point of instantaneous gratification. For example, in order to find a good place to eat in a new town before owning a smartphone, I used to try to think of people in my network who had previously visited and asked them for a recommendation. If I could not think of anyone, I would ask the hotel receptionist once I got to the hotel. That meant I had to go to the hotel first even though I was extremely hungry. And I had to pull out the Google Map that I had printed way before I had left for the airport and boarded the plane to find my way to the hotel. Today, I can just pull my iPhone, turn on my Yelp app and once I find the place I want to go, I can then use my Waze app to direct me to the restaurant. And even better, Waze can recommend taking a detour route because the most direct route has a massive traffic jam due to a major accident. Then, I can use my OpenTable app to make a reservation at the restaurant so I can ensure my table and, at the same time, collect the open table rewards point(s). Now, Apple thinks that our lives can be even more efficient. Instead of using so many different apps to accomplish the series of tasks to get me to a nice restaurant in a new town that I have never visited before, the company envisions the day that I use Apple services to accomplish the same goal without having to open multiple apps. This vision requires a new product or service design paradigm. Any company that wants to offer a capability to be included in the Apple service to offer the personalised user experience must think OpsDev instead of DevOps. Let me explain. Enter OpsDev Let’s assume we are building the following service for an appliance company that makes smart refrigerators. Here is outlined sample outline of user’s experience: Your car recognises you as you climb inside. The smart refrigerator at home has notified your smartphone to stop and pick up some groceries. It gives you three options. The first supermarket requires no detour, but it does not have your favourite flavour of ice cream in stock. The second supermarket has a bit of a detour, adding 10 minutes driving time, but it has all of your favourite brands for the items in your shopping list. And lastly, the third supermarket will add 15 minutes driving time, but has all your favourite items in stock and additionally offers a discount coupon that will save you $12 off your grocery bill. Once you pick the supermarket, the car displays the most optimised driving route on its multimedia infotainment system. In the not-so-distant future, as companies attempt to capitalise on offering an integrated personalised user experience, several data sources and services must be integrated together: the grocery list from your smart fridge, inventory data from supermarket chains, coupon data from food companies and supermarket chains, traffic and geospatial data. These different data sources are provided by different providers and hosted in the different data centres. To access them, you will need the different credentials and the different processes and the different APIs. The designers for this personalised service must understand the different service level agreements (SLAs) from the different data sources and services because the user experience will be impacted if the integrated service has issues retrieving the right information in a timely manner. As a retailer, you don’t want the end user to make the extra 15-minute drive only to find out that their favourite products are out of stock and the grocery bill is actually $20 higher because they cannot use coupons and or because they were forced to buy substitutes. Inverting the paradigm As you can see, the delivery of such personalised software services impacts the design paradigm and now must be inverted. While DevOps tends to start with the developer-led challenges (e.g., code review and code standards, build management and continuous integration), it ultimately sits in the wheelhouse of operations teams once the application is promoted into production; OpsDev begins with the end in mind. Once we understand the interdependencies of the different data sources and its availability, we can then design the component that ties everything together. Additionally, the smart fridge software is constantly updated. New sensors are being enabled to offer the different kind of data. The personalised service must also keep up with the new kind of data so the service can offer different personalised services. The frequency of software updates for the personalised service may be driven by the software updates from the other services that this personalised experience depends upon. So the designer must develop an automated system to receive update alerts from the services that it depends on and immediately make recommendations on which component of the service will be impacted by such update, and when the personalised service must be updated in order to be synchronised with the rest of the services. What is OpsDev? OpsDev means that the dependencies of the various application components must be understood and modelled first before the development process begins. In addition, the consideration for infrastructure stability, environment modelling, security and audit/compliance measures are first and foremost. Application components are stubs and they do not need to be in their final forms. Secondly, the environments in which the components will be deployed for production must be modelled. Thirdly, the processes to deploy the various components to the target environments must be automated as much as possible. By doing the above, the design and development teams can replicate the application and environment models, and automated processes in the development and test phase in a consistent way. By easily replicating the production environment and processes in development and test, the design, development and test teams will know the production constraints and parameters very early on, such that they develop the applications with those constraints and parameters in mind. In the traditional model, a lot of time is wasted troubleshooting applications that have been approved by QA in the staging or production data centres. And often times, the deployment must be cancelled because the approved applications are dead on arrival in the staging or production environment because the environments are slightly different. Aggregating pipelines Furthermore, in the OpsDev approach, a release pipeline that orchestrates the deployment of applications to dev, test, staging and production environments will not only accelerate the overall process of deployments in various environments through automation and parallelisation, but it will also improve quality by minimising error-prone manual tasks. The release pipeline can aggregate several commit pipelines that make up a release. A commit pipeline is the individual application pipeline that orchestrates the continuous integration and continues testing. A release may contain several applications developed by several project teams. Each project team can have its own commit pipeline. The collection of commit pipelines from the different teams for the different applications can be aggregated into a release pipeline. The release pipeline will understand the interdependencies among the applications and will marshal those applications into staging and production environments. The release pipeline can have manual and automatic approval gates to make sure that the release is approved and is going on the right deployment schedule. From the OpsDev approach, the release pipeline can be integrated with ITSM (Information Technology Service Management) and APM (application performance monitoring) solutions. The release pipeline can seek for an approval by sending the electronic bill of materials of the soon-to-be deployed applications to an ITSM solution (“service desk”) and open a change request ticket. The IT director will get the notification of the upcoming deployment via their ITSM dashboard. The ITSM solution can then marshal the request through the ITSM review and approval workflow. Upon the approval by the IT director, the ITSM solution can send the signal to the release pipeline to schedule the deployment. Upon successful deployment, the release pipeline can inform the ITSM solution about the successful deployment by updating the status of the corresponding change request. Traditional development paradigm is unaffordable The release pipeline can also be integrated with an APM solution. The release pipeline can deploy the applications in the staging environment and kick off the APM solution to monitor the performance and load testing. The APM can report whether the applications can meet the SLA. If so, the application can move forward with the deployment into the production environment. Otherwise the release pipeline will be stopped and an alert will be generated about the failure of meeting the target SLA. In the production environment, the APM solution can monitor the transactions, performance and load. When it reaches a certain threshold, the APM can notify the release pipeline to add more server capacity by deploying more applications in the data centres. Upon receiving the request from the APM, the release pipeline will create a change request to the ITSM solution. Upon the approval from the ITSM solution, the release pipeline deploys the same set of apps to more servers to bring in more capacity. When the capacity is no longer needed, the APM can notify the release pipeline to turn off some servers and return the servers to the pool for other uses. As you can see, the proliferation of IoT and user-experience-based mobile apps, companies cannot afford to develop products in the traditional development paradigm because of the increased interdependencies of SaaS services and application components (software in devices, software in data centre, and mobile app and web app) that make up a single cohesive user experience. Apple, in its crusade to make our lives more efficient by encouraging Apple developers to think of user experiences first and offering the integrated Apple personalised services, may accelerate the mind shift from DevOps to OpsDev. Andreas Dharmawan, author at Electric Cloud Topics apple applications development devops opsdev personalisation Personalised services pipeline user experience UX apple applications development devops opsdev personalisation Personalised services pipeline Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from ITProPortal to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 Quantum computing: What is it and how will it affect security processes? 3 Retail technology is set to explode in 2017 4 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 5 The changing face of cybersecurity – A look back at 2016 and a look forward to 2017 1 Quantum computing: What is it and how will it affect security processes? 2 Retail technology is set to explode in 2017 3 The changing face of cybersecurity – A look back at 2016 and a look forward to 2017 4 Making decisions with data – Connecting people and data for better analytics results 5 Bringing new blood to the mainframe: A millennial’s perspective ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign inSign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Tim Cook Technology Apple boss Tim Cook says he's got the 'best job in the world' - but admits he's no Steve Jobs Apple's chief executive Tim Cook has opened up about his private life in a lengthy interview  Share  Comments ByRhiannon Williams 15:33, 15 AUG 2016 Updated12:54, 29 AUG 2016 Technology Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an event at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California (Photo: Reuters)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook has claimed he has the "best job in the world", ahead of next month’s expected iPhone 7 release. In an interview with the Washington Post , Mr Cook spoke candidly about his love for his role and his predictions for Apple’s future. While he admitted that being Apple's top dog can be a "lonely job", Mr Cook said that he's not looking for any sympathy. "You have to recognize that you have blind spots. We all do," he said. "Blind spots move, and you want to not just have really bright people around you, but people who will push on you and people to bring out the best in you. People that amplify whatever you’re good at. And then also the people who plug the parts that you’re not and may never be." Tim Cook and Steve Jobs This month marks Mr Cook’s fifth year in charge of the tech giant, taking over from Steve Jobs shortly before the founder died in October 2011 from complications related to pancreatic cancer, aged 56. “To me, Steve’s not replaceable. By anyone” he said. “He was an original of a species. I never viewed that was my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. “When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time,” he added. [The day he died] was sort of the worst day ever.” In the years since Mr Jobs’ death, Apple has become the world’s most valuable company, reporting quarterly revenue of $42.4 billion last month. However, iPhone sales fell 15% year-on-year to 40.4 million, causing some analysts to forecast the end of Apple’s extraordinary success as we reach ‘peak iPhone’. Leaked iPhone 7 v the iPhone 6 (Photo: YouTube/9to5Mac) Mr Cook shrugged off predictions for a rocky next few years, saying: “I’ve heard all of it before”. “We got to $60 billion [in revenue], and they said you can't grow any more from this. Well, last year we were $230 billion. And, yes, we’re coming down some this year. Every year isn't an up, you know,” he added. The company is expected to reveal the much-anticipated iPhone 7 next month. Rumours flying around the web include the removal of the headphone jack and home button , and getting rid of the 16GB entry-level model . The notoriously secretive Apple has shelved at least two new products or projects in the past few years due to the company’s focus on doing “a few things deep and well”, he admitted, calling Apple Maps “a mistake”. Apple Maps on an iPhone (Photo: Reuters) The mapping service was plagued with issues from its release in 2012, but Mr Cook now claims it has become a product the company is proud of. Hiring John Browett, the British former Dixons chief executive, to head up Apple’s retail division in April 2012 was also a wrong move, Cook admitted. Mr Browett left the company after just six months, and was eventually replaced by former Burberry head Angela Ahrendts. “That was clearly a screw-up. I’m not saying anything bad about him. He didn’t fit here culturally is a good way to describe it,” Mr Cook added. Augmented reality - the technology behind the wildly popular Pokemon Go mobile game - could play a key role in future iPhone releases, after the chief executive conceded AR was “extremely interesting”. Apple Car Concept (Photo: Aristomenis Tsirbas/Freelancer) He batted away references to the widespread rumours Apple is working on a car , saying he couldn’t answer questions about something that hadn’t yet been announced. The interview also touched on the 55-year old’s private life, which he rarely discusses. Mr Cook felt motivated to publicly come out as gay after receiving messages from distraught young people who had been rejected by their families, or felt they couldn’t achieve anything. He thought for around a year before making the announcement in October 2014. “I thought it would minimally say you can do pretty good in this world and be gay. That it’s not a limiter. It’s okay to be. That it’s okay to be honest about it,” he said. I figured if I could help one person, it would be worth it.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Tim Cook Steve Jobs Apple Burberry Inc. Dixons The Washington Post Company Pokemon iPhone Steve Jobs death tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThousands of women confess to wanting virtual reality SEX as techy toys become mainstream Over two thousand British women have given their thoughts on the ways technology will improve their sexual fulfillment Black FridayBest tech Black Friday deals 2016: Our pick of the top UK offers on gadgets, gaming and consumer electronics Black Friday takes place on November 25 - here are some of this year's best tech bargains Black FridayWhere to find the best Playstation deals online on Black Friday 2016 Have you got your eye on anything in particular for Black Friday? Here's where to find the best deals on Playstation consoles, games and VR headsets Sex toysCrowdfunded VIBRATOR is going where no sex toy has gone before The Fin vibrator is "small, simple and powerful" - but you'll find it in a very unusual place TechnologyPokémon Go finally releases Ditto - and you could have caught it already The little purple blob Pokémon has been missing since the game's release ReligionCatholic app dubbed 'Sindr' launched to help users find confession and Holy Mass nearby using GPS The app, unveiled by a Scottish archbishop, uses satellite technology to locate the nearest open church so you can get your sins off your chest Black FridayBest tech Black Friday deals 2016: Our pick of the top UK offers on gadgets, gaming and consumer electronics Black Friday takes place on November 25 - here are some of this year's best tech bargains FacebookFacebook Aquila drone under investigation after crash landing in the desert It turns out Facebook's test flight of its Aquila internet drone wasn't quite as successful as it claimed Uber'Mystical' cartoonist predicted these cutting-edge inventions way back in 1991 Some of these ideas were well ahead of their time – he's like a present-day Leonardo da Vinci Autumn StatementChancellor announces major boost for UK broadband in Autumn Statement 2016 Philip Hammond said the investment was intended to create a "world class digital infrastructure" Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThousands of women confess to wanting virtual reality SEX as techy toys become mainstream Over two thousand British women have given their thoughts on the ways technology will improve their sexual fulfillment TV NewsRevealed! The reason why Gogglebox star Reverend Kate Bottley hasn't been on the Channel 4 show for weeks The vicar, who lives in Blyth, is known for her frequent appearances on Channel 4's hit series Gogglebox Autumn StatementAutumn Statement 2016 live: All the details and reaction as Philip Hammond reveals £122bn budget black hole In a break with George Osborne's toxic legacy, the Chancellor scaled back Universal Credit cuts and banned letting fees - but there are other ways workers will feel the pinch from the cost of Brexit Celebrity NewsX Factor's Brian Friedman 'confirms' Cheryl's pregnancy with Liam Payne The ITV show's creative director says it's "fantastic" news UK NewsMan 'raped pregnant partner after she went into labour and was crying out in pain' Hull Crown Court was told the woman had got on all fours on her bed after entering the "advanced stages" of labour when she was attacked by her partner Autumn StatementNew 2.2% NS&I savings bond launched - this is what you need to know As part of the Autumn Statement, Chancellor Philip Hammond revealed there will be a new 2.2% saings bond coming next year Champions LeagueWhat channel is Arsenal vs PSG on? All you need to know ahead of the Champions League game Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain are level on 10 points in Group A, both have already qualified for the knockout stages Champions LeagueWhat time is Arsenal vs PSG? TV information and more ahead of the Champions League game At present, both teams are on 10 points and have qualified for the knockout stages Champions LeagueArsenal vs PSG live score and goal updates from the Champions League clash at the Emirates Follow all the action from north London right here as Arsenal host Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain Philip Hammond4 George Osborne policies Philip Hammond ditched in his Autumn Statement He's only been out of the door of Number 11 for a few months, but a lot of his policies have been unceremoniously ripped up Top Stories UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog Child abuseFormer Manchester City and England star David White becomes latest ex-footballer to allege child sex abuse White is the fourth player to make such claims, following former Crewe duo Andy Woodward and Steve Walters, and ex-Spurs forward Paul Stewart SuicideFootball club director found hanged off stadium roof by three children arriving for training in morning The managing director had been worried about the club's finances in the months leading up to his death, which occurred the day after he had a meeting to try to secure new sponsorship RyanairRyanair flights 'could be free in the next five years' - here's how budget airline plans to cut fares It's the news every travel deal lover has been hoping for Autumn Statement9 things the Autumn Statement totally ignored despite spending £7.6m on a stately home Poverty, social care and the NHS were missing from Chancellor Philip Hammond's budget speech that blew 116 words on restoring a manor Court case'How do you sleep at night?': Family's fury as Tesco shopper who punched newborn baby in the face avoids jail Security had to be called in to put a stop to angry exchanges between the families of David Hardy and the baby Miracle babiesHeartbroken parents who had to make ultimate sacrifice to save their unborn baby call her their "little miracle" Katie and Rhys Davenport were thrilled when she became pregnant with twins, but she faced an agonising decision when one showed abnormalities in a pre-natal scan eBayNazis, migrants and council house tenants: Is this the most offensive ebay car advert ever? Car salesman Keith Bean has been in the business for 30 years and had 'seen some specimens' but said the 1999 silver BMW 323i was ‘dog awful’ FoodThe latest health fad is donkey cheese - and it's so rare Novak Djokovic has bought up entire world's supply for a year It's the most expensive cheese in the WORLD - and in its native Serbia, the delicacy is a massive hit with not only tennis stars - but would you try it? ParentingBritain's become a nation of 'super-dads' - with 60 percent saying they have mastered art of multi-tasking Research suggests men spend an average of 28 hours a week doing chores, as well as a 35-hour working week and 20 hours playing with the kids World newsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   World newsTheresa May urged to back calls for Russia to be stripped of World Cup over 'war crimes' The Prime Minister came under pressure to lend her voice to calls to strip the country of the 2018 tournament over its blitzes on the city of Aleppo News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Videos Jobs All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Games Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | VAT IN UAE Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Games   HOME > Technology Why Tim Cook is 'lonely' being Apple CEO Alvin R. Cabral/Dubai Filed on August 15, 2016 | Last updated on August 15, 2016 at 06.34 pm Share More > Vote Apple CEO Tim Cook doesn't want just really bright people; he wants those who will push on you and people to bring out the best in you. (Reuters file) It hasn't been easy, but he still says he has the 'best job in the world' Tim Cook is marking his fifth year at the helm of Apple on August 24. And for all of the technology juggernaut's successes, there's one striking description he has to his daily task leading the company: While he says it's the "best job in the world", it tends to be "lonely". "It's sort of a lonely job. The adage that it's lonely - the CEO job is lonely - is accurate in a lot of ways," the CEO said in a lengthy interview with The Washington Post. "I'm not looking for sympathy. You have to recognise that you have blind spots - we all do. Blind spots move, and you want to not just have really bright people around you, but people who will push on you and people to bring out the best in you. People that amplify whatever you're good at. And then also the people who plug the parts that you're not and may never be." During his term as chief executive officer, Cook oversaw, among many other things, a revamped iPhone, consecutive record financial quarters, seemingly odd investments, selling its one billionth iPhone, a push into crucial markets and a 121 per cent return to shareholders. Of course, there were also challenges along the way; look no further to their last two financial quarters showing not-so-inspiring results. In the really long interview, Cook talked about several things. We'll do our best to keep it concise here. On how Apple's culture has evolved: "We have stepped up our social responsibility. We have talked about things and been more transparent about what we're doing - not on products... The real test is: Are you creating a ripple that helps other people as well?" On concerns on iPhone sales, considering the smartphone market is cooling off to a certain extent: "This is actually a privilege, not a problem. Think about this: What other products do you know where the ratio of people to the product - for a consumer electronics product - will be one-to-one over the long haul? I don't think there's another one." "The global sales of PCs each year are about 275 million right now. That number's been declining. The global market for smartphones is 1.4 billion. Over time, I'm convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone. That may take a while, and they won't all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on earth from a consumer electronics point of view." On the next big thing from Apple: "Technology is one of those industries where every week there's a shiny new object that people are skating to... I'm not saying we're not going to do anything else. I'm saying this is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years. So I would not want anybody to think this, oh, this 'better days are behind us' thing." On if Apple is still a long-term growth company: "In today's products we have services [iCloud, App Store, Apple Pay and the like] over the last 12 months that grew about $4 billion to over $23 billion [in sales]. Next year we've said that it's going to be a Fortune 100 company in size." "What else? iPad. The iPad Pro. What we saw in this past quarter is that about half of the people who are buying one are using it at work. We have an enormous opportunity in enterprise." "And then of course, the markets. We have done fairly well in China. India is fast-growing, but our base there is smaller... And so I look at it and say, markets? Enterprise - huge. Geographies? India is one, but there are others. Products? We purposely don't talk about that one. But you can imagine: Step back and say what's Apple so great at? Apple is the only company that can take hardware, software and services and integrate those into an experience that's an 'aha' for the customer." On whether he feels frustration with investor impatience: "We welcome all investors, regardless of whether their horizon is short or long. But we try to be very clear that we are making our decisions based on the long term... And I think most people that have been in the [Apple] stock... are probably pretty happy." On how it feels like to fill in Steve Jobs' shoes: "To me, Steve's not replaceable. By anyone. He was an original of a species. I never viewed that was my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve. So I went into it with one thought, and then weeks later... It was very quickly. [The day he died] was sort of the worst day ever. I just - I had really convinced myself. I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did." On being an outspoken CEO of a company of Apple's size: "I think everybody has to make their own decision about it. Maybe there are compelling reasons why some people want to be silent... I do view that a CEO today of Apple should participate in the national discussion on... issues." On who he turns to to seek advice: "Whoever I think can help me. When I was going through [the question of] what would we do on returning cash to shareholders, I thought who could really give us great advice here? Who wouldn't have a bias? So I called up Warren Buffett. I thought he's the natural person." "For the hearing [before the US Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations about Apple's tax practices in 2013], I've never testified in Congress before. So I called up [Goldman Sachs CEO] Lloyd Blankfein, because I looked back to say, 'who's done this before?' I knew Lloyd and he'd be honest with me. I called up [former] president [Bill] Clinton. He knows a lot about the politics... I went to Laurene, Steve's wife. Laurene has the lens of knowing me and deeply understanding Apple." On the beef they had with the FBI regarding the San Bernardino iPhone: "We knew it was going to be very, very difficult. And that the cards were stacked against us. But we spent a lot of time on 'what is right here?'... The lightbulb went off, and it became clear what was right when we did the first piece of work: Could we create a tool to unlock the phone? After a few days, we had determined yes, we could. Then the question was, ethically, should we?" "The risk of what happens if got out, we felt, would be incredibly terrible for public safety. We knew the positioning on the outside would not be public safety. It would be security versus privacy - security should win." On what he considers mistakes: "Maps was a mistake. Today we have a product we're proud of. [But] we had the self-honesty to admit this wasn't our finest hour and the courage to choose another way of doing it. That's important; it's the only way an organisation learns. The classic big-company mistake is not to admit their mistake." On why it makes sense to make big acquisitions given Apple's market value, such as the $3 billion deal for Beats: "Do we need them? No. But we are always looking for companies that have really talented people and great intellectual property, and when we find them we do acquire them." "I think we'll continue to acquire companies. If you're asking me would we do another one the size of Beats... We are clearly capable of doing it both from a management-depth point of view and a financial point of view. But we'd do only it if it were great for Apple strategically." On China: "We make our investment decisions based on the long term... So as I look in the long term, I think China is an unbelievable market - not only from a demand point of view and the revenue potential there, but also as a great source of talent. We have over a million-and-a-half developers there. The reach is unbelievable. There are, sort of, speed bumps now with the economy." On whether Apple can catch up in the AI, AR and VR segments: "Let me take exception to your question. Your question seems to imply that we're behind." "We've been shipping Siri since 2011, and Siri has been with you all the time... Increasingly, Siri understands things obviously without having to memorise certain ways to say things. The prediction of Siri is going way up; what we've done with AI is focus on things that will help the consumer." "I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it's something we're doing a lot of things on." On the moments that have stuck with him: "I've got the best job in the world. I think about my day and weeks and months and years - I put them in three buckets: people, strategy and execution." Cook had a lot more to say; each one providing more interest and curiosity. - alvin@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Game Zone THROWBACK: The history of Nintendo's consoles How many of these were you able to spend endless hours of great... READ MORE Game Zone Konami confirms new 'Metal Gear' game 'Survive' to be released in 2017; will be first game without series... READ MORE Business How mobile messaging is becoming the future for... Experts note that texting and instant messaging has the potential to... READ MORE Business No disappearing act, Snapchat is here to stay Users now share more content here than on any other social media... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Government Shaikh Mohammed bin Zayed at daughter's military... PHOTOS: 15-year-old Shaikha Hasa said she was proud of the experience ... READ MORE Qatar Qatar Airways flight makes an emergency landing... One of the Airbus 330's engines caught fire shortly after takeoff... READ MORE General Student loses teeth in Dubai mall brawl trying to ... "When I came back I found them surrounded by around 20 people." READ MORE Education 'Record-breaking' AS, A Level results for Dubai... The results are in for AS, A Level students. READ MORE   Popular Comments Voted Dubai Baby born in flight from Dubai to Philippines gets a lifetime of free flights, claims a Facebook post 106614 views | 16 August 2016 Offbeat If you're born in the sky, what's your nationality? 44879 views | 17 August 2016 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi girl tweets for help, Sushma Swaraj to her rescue 37846 views | 17 August 2016 Saudi Arabia World's largest hotel will now be in this Gulf country 19823 views | 16 August 2016 Dubai Get Dh1 pizza in Dubai TODAY! 17890 views | 16 August 2016 Crime Visitor accused of insulting Dubai airport employee 13065 views | 16 August 2016 Newsmakers SRK steals son Aryan's thunder on his first day in California 10223 views | 17 August 2016 Crime Dubai resident held for 'illegal' charity drive 9960 views | 16 August 2016 General PHOTOS: Unusual ways of parking annoys UAE residents 9528 views | 16 August 2016 Travel Airlines that actually grant free flights for life to those born on plane 7521 views | 17 August 2016 General Visit a 'haunted' house in UAE or go for a jog this weekend 7224 views | 17 August 2016 Olympics 2016 Rio Olympics: Sakshi Malik wins bronze, ends India's medal drought 7021 views | 18 August 2016 Dubai Cebu Pacific DENIES reports that baby born on Dubai-Manila flight will get free flights for life 6491 views | 17 August 2016 Offbeat PICS: New Dubai hotel will have its own RAINFOREST! 6257 views | 17 August 2016 Crime Dubai Police stop teen from beating up his mother 5831 views | 17 August 2016 General Nationality doesn't matter, only love does 3 comments | 14 August 2016 Technology Why public Wi-Fi users are easy targets for hackers 2 comments | 14 August 2016 Dubai Love strives to conquer Indo-Pak diplomacy 2 comments | 13 August 2016 General UAE expatriates celebrate Pakistan Independence Day 1 comments | 14 August 2016 Dubai KT EXCLUSIVE: Meet Riya George, the girl behind Emirates landing video 1 comments | 11 August 2016 General KT IMPACT: Police assure salary to Mussafah workers 1 comments | 14 August 2016 Legal View What to do when your employer threatens to impose ban on you 1 comments | 20 December 2015 Olympics 2016 Charlie Webster is fighting for her life in a Rio hospital 0 comments | 18 August 2016 Qatar Qatar Airways flight makes an emergency landing in Istanbul 0 comments | 18 August 2016 Education Abu Dhabi welcomes 600 new teachers 0 comments | 15 August 2016 Americas 6 dead in US plane crash 0 comments | 13 August 2016 Aviation What makes Emirates, Etihad the best airlines in the world 0 comments | 16 August 2016 Americas Muslim woman mistaken for terrorist sues chicago police 0 comments | 12 August 2016 Cricket India take top spot ahead of final Test 0 comments | 17 August 2016 City Times iTech: Will TVs remain a part of your living room? 0 comments | 16 August 2016 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi girl tweets for help, Sushma Swaraj to her rescue 480 votes | 17 August 2016 Dubai Baby born in flight from Dubai to Philippines gets a lifetime of free flights, claims a Facebook post 469 votes | 16 August 2016 Crime Dubai teen gets pregnant 'after mother forces her into prostitution' 372 votes | 15 August 2016 Offbeat If you're born in the sky, what's your nationality? 332 votes | 17 August 2016 Dubai Get Dh1 pizza in Dubai TODAY! 288 votes | 16 August 2016 Dubai KT EXCLUSIVE: Meet Riya George, the girl behind Emirates landing video 275 votes | 11 August 2016 General Nationality doesn't matter, only love does 244 votes | 14 August 2016 Crime Dubai man who raped teacher gets 10 years jail 193 votes | 15 August 2016 UAE health When this Dubai kid died... to live 177 votes | 15 August 2016 Pakistan Mother beaten up in Pakistan for not 'resembling' son 174 votes | 16 August 2016 Offbeat Six-year-old beats infant sister to death while mother shops 161 votes | 13 August 2016 Saudi Arabia World's largest hotel will now be in this Gulf country 158 votes | 16 August 2016 Technology Get your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 with zero upfront payments 154 votes | 14 August 2016 Abu Dhabi KT IMPACT: Indian, Pakistani workers' passports returned after KT video went viral 127 votes | 11 August 2016 General Lucky duo, Dubai Police help women marry their lovers 124 votes | 14 August 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Tim Cook’s own (slow) brand of innovation The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama August 15 Follow @htsuka Tim Cook holds up the billionth iPhone sold for employees at Apple headquarters in July 2016. (Photo courtesy of Apple) All tech companies face a constant demand to innovate while also producing huge profits and sales growth. That means that Apple, the world’s largest company, is also one of the few that can post a $13.6 billion profit and still miss expectations because the product it's sold a billion of isn’t selling quite as well as it once did. Those sounding the alarm bells over Apple point to a few factors, chief among them that the smartphone market is slowing down and growing “saturated” — a term analysts use when they want to say that most people interested in buying a new smartphone probably have one already. For Apple, which makes nearly two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone, it looks like that could be a big problem. Of course, Apple chief executive Tim Cook is aware of this. It doesn’t really bother him. "This is actually a privilege, not a problem,” Cook said in an interview with The Washington Post. Talk about turning lemons into lemonade and bugs into features. Cook’s optimism — some might say denial — is not particularly popular, even among devoted Apple watchers. Some are even saying that Apple’s crested the peak and is on its way back down. The bears continued to roar after the company reported that its revenue had dropped from the previous year for the second quarter in the row. That just doesn’t happen at Apple, or at least not at the Apple we’ve come to know in the past decade. Yet even that doesn’t seem to faze Cook. “I realize that the people who are focused on this 90-day clock say, ‘Oh, my God, the smartphone industry only grew by 1 percent or decreased by 6 percent.’ You know, the global economy’s not that great right now,” Cook told my Post colleague Jena McGregor. “But if you’re in it for the long haul, this is the best market on earth.” He believes that, over time, ”every person in the world will have a smartphone.” And he’s willing to wait for it. In that way, Cook is an outlier in a go-go-go tech world. His accomplishments are on a long-term scale. They take investment. They’re about refinement, about maturity.  As chief operating officer, Cook was credited with what some could arguably call Apple’s greatest but most boring accomplishment — the massive manufacturing and distribution chains that made it a household name in Beijing, Baltimore and everywhere in between. So Cook’s ears are closed to the criticism Apple gets for not being as flashy or open about its moonshots as its competitors. Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook, for instance, are all very vocal about the spaghetti they throw at the wall. Sure, Apple may try a wearable here or a cheaper smartphone there, but it’s not running headlong into anything. “Technology is one of these industries where every week there’s a new shiny object that people are skating to,” Cook told The Post. Further, he said, “Regardless of who you are, there’s only so many things that you can do at a very high-quality and deep, deep level — personally and in business. And so we’re not going to change that. That’s core to our model and way of thinking.” There’s a touch of (dare we say?) Jobsian hubris in that. But it does speak to Cook’s own brand of innovation, which is in setting foundations rather than breaking ground. He cements success. It’s no coincidence that, as Apple’s hardware divisions see slower growth on the horizon, its services division is seeing more investment. In Cook’s mind, the addressable market for the iPhone is 7 billion — and he knows those people will constantly need things to watch, listen  and do on their phones. That’s great for a company that’s looking for stability. It’s great for a firm making sure it has enough money to stoke the future flames in research and development, which has grown under Cook’s watch. But the slow innovation philosophy can be hard to jell with a company vocabulary and culture that’s steeped in superlative. So much of Apple’s appeal has been due to its dramatic history, its deep lows that made its highs all the more breathtaking. The truth is that Tim Cook could probably keep Apple humming along forever. The question is whether the rest of the world can ever accept an Apple that isn’t run by one of the crazy ones. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Researchers have found a troubling new cause of death for middle-aged white Americans 2 India just made a big mistake with its currency ban 3 Judge halts federal rule that would have expanded overtime pay to millions of workers 4 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 5 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country Market Watch DJIA 0.19% NASDAQ -0.3% Get quote Last Update: 1:01 PM 11/23/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership Anderson Cooper was Tim Cook’s guide for coming out as gay The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor August 15 Follow @jenamcgregor CNN anchor Anderson Cooper offered Tim Cook advice on how to come out publicly as gay. (Jason Redmond/Reuters) Two years ago, in an essay in Bloomberg BusinessWeek, Apple CEO Tim Cook told the world he was gay. "I’m proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," he wrote. In doing so, he became the first publicly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company. The essay, which came just days after Cook stood in the capitol in his home state and called out Alabama for being "too slow on equality for the LGBT community," was no spur of the moment decision. In an exclusive interview with The Washington Post, Cook said "it had been planned for actually quite a long time," noting he spent "probably a year" of thinking about "what to say, how to say it, where to say it, how to do that in a way that advanced what I was trying to do." To think through that process, he spoke with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper "multiple times," he said, "because I thought that the way he handled his announcement was really classy. I was getting advice from people who I thought were really good people who had really deeply thought about it." Cooper publicly came out as gay in 2012 by responding to an email from the blogger Andrew Sullivan, whom he permitted to post the response. In it, Cooper writes about how he had wanted to keep some amount of privacy, despite working in television, and about wanting to keep the focus on other people's stories. But as time went on, he wrote in the response Sullivan posted: "I’ve begun to consider whether the unintended outcomes of maintaining my privacy outweigh personal and professional principle. It’s become clear to me that by remaining silent on certain aspects of my personal life for so long, I have given some the mistaken impression that I am trying to hide something – something that makes me uncomfortable, ashamed or even afraid. This is distressing because it is simply not true." Cooper went on to say that "I’ve also been reminded recently that while as a society we are moving toward greater inclusion and equality for all people, the tide of history only advances when people make themselves fully visible," he wrote. "There continue to be far too many incidences of bullying of young people, as well as discrimination and violence against people of all ages, based on their sexual orientation, and I believe there is value in making clear where I stand." There are echoes of each of those sentiments in Cook's pronouncement two years later. Cook opened his essay by saying "throughout my professional life, I’ve tried to maintain a basic level of privacy. I come from humble roots, and I don’t seek to draw attention to myself. Apple is already one of the most closely watched companies in the world, and I like keeping the focus on our products and the incredible things our customers achieve with them." He spoke about how, as he asks himself what he's doing for others -- quoting Martin Luther King Jr. -- he realized "my desire for personal privacy has been holding me back from doing something more important." And he spoke about the obstacles gay people face, especially children, and the rights they're denied. "If hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone struggling to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it’s worth the trade-off with my own privacy," Cook wrote. Like Cooper, Cook said he's not an activist, and both said they'd been open with people close to them. Yet while there were some similar themes, there were differences, too. As Time's Daniel D'Addario pointed out, the Apple CEO talked about his sexuality as something "central to his identity," rather than as something he needed to acknowledge and simply convey his comfort with. Rather, it set him apart, giving him greater insight and greater empathy for viewing the world. “Being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day,” Cook wrote. “It’s made me more empathetic, which has led to a richer life.” Cooper is not the only outsider Cook turned to as he faced key moments or decisions over the past five years. He told The Post that as he prepared for his first hearing on Capitol Hill, which focused on Apple's tax practices, he consulted with Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and with Bill Clinton. When he was making the decision about whether to return cash to shareholders by paying dividends and buying back stock -- something Steve Jobs hadn't done -- he consulted with Warren Buffett. "I think it is important on these things that are also new to the company, to solicit some people outside, even if you conclude to not do what they say," he told The Post. "It's one thing to decide what is right. That's a key decision. The next thing is to decide how you're going to do it." Read also: Apple CEO Tim Cook critiques his home state’s record on equality What Tim Cook's coming out could mean in the workplace Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Researchers have found a troubling new cause of death for middle-aged white Americans 2 India just made a big mistake with its currency ban 3 Judge halts federal rule that would have expanded overtime pay to millions of workers 4 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 5 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country Market Watch DJIA 0.19% NASDAQ -0.3% Get quote Last Update: 1:01 PM 11/23/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Apple CEO Tim Cook calls up Warren Buffett, Lloyd Blankfein, and Bill Clinton for advice Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Kif Leswing Aug 15th 2016 9:43AM ​​​​​ Running Apple is a lonely job, according to CEO Tim Cook. It's hard work, with long hours, and you have to make decisions that affect tens of thousands of employees. But he has a few people he can turn to for advice, Cook revealed in a lengthy interview with the Washington Post. Those people happen to be former President Bill Clinton, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, and investing legend Warren Buffett. That's because they understand what Cook is going through, whether it's testifying before Congress or figuring out how big a dividend Apple should issue. Cook said: "When I was going through [the question of] what should we do on returning cash to shareholders, I thought who could really give us great advice here? Who wouldn't have a bias? So I called up Warren Buffett. I thought he's the natural person, and so I try to go through that process on everyone. That doesn't mean I always do what they say. But I think it's incumbent on a CEO to not just listen to points of view but to actually solicit them. Because I think, if not, you quickly become insular. And you're sort of living in the echo chamber." He continued: "For the hearing [about Apple's tax practices in 2013], I've never testified in front of Congress before. So I called up [Goldman Sachs CEO] Lloyd Blankfein, because I looked back to say who's done this before? I knew Lloyd and thought he'd be honest with me. I called up President Clinton. He knows a lot about the politics. I'd not met him through a political connection. I'd met him through the foundation. I went to Laurene, Steve's wife. Laurene has the lens of knowing me and deeply understanding Apple." Cook isn't the only tech mogul to have Buffett's ear. Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Buffett have a famous friendship going back 25 years that not only includes philanthropic joint ventures but also sleepovers and cookies for breakfast. Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway, invested $1 billion in Apple earlier this year. Cook has other connections to the Clintons, as well. Cook hosted a fundraiser for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the Bay Area last month. Cook may have been introduced to Blankfein by Peter Oppenheimer, who used to be Apple's CFO until he retired in 2014. He now sits on the Goldman Sachs board of directors. Regardless, it's clear that Cook gets advice from some very powerful people. The entire interview at the Washington Post is a fantastic, revealing read, that touches on Apple's augmented reality ambitions, its tax strategy, Steve Jobs, and Cook's philosophy as CEO-->. RELATED: Top 20 CEOs 2016 21 PHOTOS Glassdoor list of top 20 CEOs 2016 See Gallery Glassdoor list of top 20 CEOs 2016 #20: Shantanu Narayen Adobe Photo credit: AP #19: Charles C. Butt H.E.B. Photo credit: Getty #18: Aron J. Ain Kronos Incorporated Photo credit: Getty #17: Lynsi Snyder In-N-Out Burger Photo credit: Getty #16: Alex Gorsky Johnson & Johnson Photo credit: Getty #15: Jack Little Mathworks Inc. Photo credit: Getty #14: Mark Weinberger Ernst & Young LLP Photo credit: Getty #13: John Veihmeyer KPMG International Photo credit: Getty #12: John Legere T-Mobile  Photo credit: Getty #11: David S. Taylor Procter & Gamble Co.  Photo credit: Getty #10: Jim Whitehurst Red Hat Photo credit: AP #9: Joseph R. Sivewright Nestlé Purina Petcare Photo credit: Facebook #8: Tim Cook  Apple Photo credit: Getty #7: Sundar Pichai  Google Photo credit: AP #6: Marc Benioff  Salesforce Photo credit: AP #5: Jeff Weiner  LinkedIn Photo credit: AP #4: Mark Zuckerberg  Facebook Photo credit: AP #3: Dominic Barton McKinsey & Company  Photo credit: Getty #2: Scott Scherr Ultimate Software Photo credit: Facebook #1: Bob Bechek Bain & Company Photo credit: LinkedIn Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – NOW WATCH: This robot butler is like your own personal R2-D2 See Also: Apple's latest invention application describes a device that's better at watching your health Here's what the gold iPhone 7 could look like Apple's explanation for its secrecy is a thinly veiled jab at its biggest competitors SEE ALSO: Apple has a funny way of naming its holding companies Tags apple bill gates business advice ceo tim cook warren buffett washington post Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 30 U.S. Cities Where You Can Buy Affordable Homes Under $250k 12 Jobs That Prove the Early Bird Gets the Worm Return Policy: The Stores With the Best (and Worst) Refund Rules Has Trump Already Developed Amnesia About 'Forgotten Man and Woman' Investors? The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon Recommended For You Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts These are the 10 highest-paying jobs in the US Amazon faces holiday shipping disaster as pilots go on strike Donald Trump's Foundation admits to 'self-dealing' in IRS filing: Report Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving 8 things you shouldn't buy on Black Friday 5 things you should do to get ready for our new president Google helps determine the best time to travel for Thanksgiving Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,201.38-1.56-0.07% DJIA19,058.8935.020.18% NASDAQ5,368.96-17.39-0.32% DAX10,662.44-51.41-0.48% HANG SENG22,676.69-1.38-0.01% NIKKEI 22518,162.9456.920.31% USD (per EUR)1.06-0.01-0.68% USD (per CHF)1.020.010.53% JPY (per USD)112.451.441.30% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.29% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Potential Treasury pick faces tough questionsCNNMoney Cuban MLB players 'kidnapped' at gunpointCNNMoney Brexit slashes U.K. household wealth by $1.5 trillionCNNMoney Ghostly pics of a dead mall tell an American storyCNNMoney Sanctuary cities risk billions in defiance of TrumpCNNMoney Entrepreneurs: Don't take away our ObamacareCNNMoney Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Wed, Nov 23 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking French artist converts classic Macs into miniature indoor gardens [Gallery] MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 23, 2016 - 01:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 110.96 (-0.84, -0.75%) | NASDAQ: 5372.04 (-14.31, -0.27%) Ming-Chi Kuo: Apple prepping 10.5-inch iPad Pro, revolutionary’ flexible AMOLED iPad Monday, August 15, 2016 · 10:15 am · 6 Comments “Noted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has released a new research report outlining his expectations for the future of Apple’s iPad lineup, predicting three new iPads ranging from 9.7 inches to 12.9 inches to be released in 2017,” Eric Slivka reports for MacRumors. “According to Kuo, Apple is aiming to introduce a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model next year to go along with a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 and a ‘low-cost’ 9.7-inch iPad model,” Slivka reports. “Looking even further ahead, Kuo predicts ‘revolutionary’ changes for the iPad lineup for 2018 ‘at the earliest,’ with Apple making ‘radical’ changes to the iPad’s design and shifting to an AMOLED display.” We expect three new iPads (12.9” iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5” iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7” iPad) to be launched in 2017… If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5” model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets. As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5” iPad Pro in 2017. In addition, we estimate the 12.9” iPad Pro 2 and 10.5” iPad Pro will adopt the A10X processor, with TSMC being the sole supplier using 10nm process technology. The low-cost 9.7” model may adopt the A9X processor, which is also exclusively supplied by TSMC… Revolutionary iPad model likely to be introduced in 2018F at the earliest, with radical changes in form factor design and user behavior on adoption of flexible AMOLED panel. We believe iPad will follow in the footsteps of the iPhone by adopting AMOLED panel in 2018F at the earliest. If Apple can truly tap the potential of a flexible AMOLED panel, we believe the new iPad model will offer new selling points through radical form factor design and user behavior changes, which could benefit shipments. — Ming-Chi Kuo, KGI Securities Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: That 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 will just have to tide us over until that flexible AMOLED panel iPad arrives! Categories: News Tags: 10.5-inch iPad, 10.5-inch iPad Pro, 12.9-inch iPad Pro, 9.7-inch iPad Pro, flexible AMOLED displays, iPad Pro, KGI Securities, Ming-Chi Kuo Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 6 Comments therealspike Monday, August 15, 2016 - 10:32 am · Reply Can’t wait to fold my iPad in my pocket! peterblood71 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:15 pm · Reply And then watch as the center of the screen fatigues and snaps & breaks over time! That’d be special! therealspike Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:31 pm · Reply ROFL! S.Mulji Monday, August 15, 2016 - 11:33 am · Reply IF true, this sounds like there will no new iPads this Fall but possibly early 2017, say around March with the lineup being the following: iPad mini (7.9″) iPad Air 3 (9.7″ & A9X) iPad Pro (10.5″ & 12.9″) peterblood71 Monday, August 15, 2016 - 12:17 pm · Reply I wouldn’t mind a slightly larger iPad but on the fence about the 12″ one. I am so due to replace my pokey iPad 3. Derek Currie Monday, August 15, 2016 - 6:35 pm · Reply Much as it is nifty kewl Gee Whiz! to have flexible AMOLED displays… I’m the sort of person who thinks those roll-up-into-a-cylinder screens in the movies are silly. Could someone please help me understand what flexible AMOLED screens are actually good for, besides advertising crawls? Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? Pundits suspect Apple’s Jony Ive no longer involved in iPhone, Mac product design MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,447 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians Superposition - Teen Wolf  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
null
2016.11.24 목 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 소방 수능 박상진 전체 뉴스NOW 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 음악에세이 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산 방송가 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 김의성이 이승환을 "친구"라 불렀더니 생긴 일 동서발전, 사이버 위기 ‘철통보안’… 실전훈련 1위 울주군의회 김영철 의원, 언양시외버스터미널 부지 활용방안 제시 “울주군에서 시장 부지 매입… 알프스시장 활성화를” 지역노동계도 ‘박 대통령 퇴진’ 시국행동 민노총 ‘영남 노동자대회’…“대통령 퇴진·조선 구조조정 중단을” 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 [뉴스에세이] 불행한 지도자 잉태한 제도 빨리 손봐야 [사는이야기 칼럼] 청년이 살아야 나라가 산다 [독자 기고] 아동학대, 국민 모두의 관심이 필요합니다 [박용하의 문·화·읽·기] 왜 창작뮤지컬을 하는가? 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 아수라장 된 군용차량 사고 현장 위령탑 참배하는 연평부대 장병들 인명 구조작전 펼치는 해경 헬기 롯데백화점, 겨울의류 세일 진행 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 ‘2016 미혼남녀 미팅페스티벌’ 인구보건복협, 내달 3일 래이컨벤션 [의료 칼럼] 유리체 출혈과 절제술 난치성 질환 치료 등 실용화 모색 울산바이오메드 공동심포지엄 울산시티병원 정석근 전문의에게 들어보는 ‘요실금’ 기침만 해도 ‘찔끔’…조기치료로 개선 영상 신문보기 상단여백 뉴스NOW PREV NEXT "갤노트7 보유자, 혜택받으려면 월말까지 교환 신청"靑, 유사프로포폴·불면증 치료제·국소마취제도 구매 '세월호 7시간' 휴진했다던 병원, 프로포폴 사용기록 발견司正 수뇌부 사표 충격파…정권 둑 무너졌나, 檢수사 견제구냐 '박근혜 사임' 악성 이메일 유포…경찰 '주의' 당부등굣길 女초등생 괴한에 목졸려…경찰 '뒷북 수사' 檢, 우병우 '직무유기' 정조준…靑민정 특별감찰반 압수수색자라코리아 대표, 촛불집회 폄훼 논란 명당 많은 용인에 자리잡은 최태민 묘 여러 법령 위반< SNS돋보기> 최태민 묘지 불법…"기가 막힐 일" 김연아 "제가 버릇이 없어도 대통령 손을 뿌리치기야…"삼성-국민연금-최순실 '3각 커넥션' 있나…뇌물수사 신호탄 젖먹이 딸 분유 굶겨 사망…아빠 "살인 고의 없었다"국내 텃새도 고병원성 AI 검출…전국 확산 가능성 김무성, 불출마 선언까지 왜?…탄핵 주도하며 新보수 중심 모색金법무·崔민정, 동시에 전격사표…靑 "수리 결정안돼" '최순실 의혹' 유죄 받은 김해호씨 "사실 드러나"…재심청구中당국자 '금한령' SNS…"中산업보호·남성이미지 너무 유약해" 용인시 "최태민씨 묘 불법조성…이전·원상복구 명령"'침수차량 구매 주의보' 울산 태풍 침수 1천300대 유통 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW "갤노트7 보유자, 혜택받으려면 월말까지 교환 신청" 1시간 전 靑, 유사프로포폴·불면증 치료제·국소마취제도 구매 1시간 전 '세월호 7시간' 휴진했다던 병원, 프로포폴 사용기록 발견 1시간 전 司正 수뇌부 사표 충격파…정권 둑 무너졌나, 檢수사 견제구냐 1시간 전 '박근혜 사임' 악성 이메일 유포…경찰 '주의' 당부 1시간 전 등굣길 女초등생 괴한에 목졸려…경찰 '뒷북 수사' 5시간 전 檢, 우병우 '직무유기' 정조준…靑민정 특별감찰반 압수수색 5시간 전 자라코리아 대표, 촛불집회 폄훼 논란 7시간 전 명당 많은 용인에 자리잡은 최태민 묘 여러 법령 위반 7시간 전 < SNS돋보기> 최태민 묘지 불법…"기가 막힐 일" 9시간 전 김연아 "제가 버릇이 없어도 대통령 손을 뿌리치기야…" 9시간 전 삼성-국민연금-최순실 '3각 커넥션' 있나…뇌물수사 신호탄 9시간 전 젖먹이 딸 분유 굶겨 사망…아빠 "살인 고의 없었다" 9시간 전 국내 텃새도 고병원성 AI 검출…전국 확산 가능성 9시간 전 김무성, 불출마 선언까지 왜?…탄핵 주도하며 新보수 중심 모색 9시간 전 金법무·崔민정, 동시에 전격사표…靑 "수리 결정안돼" 9시간 전 '최순실 의혹' 유죄 받은 김해호씨 "사실 드러나"…재심청구 9시간 전 中당국자 '금한령' SNS…"中산업보호·남성이미지 너무 유약해" 13시간 전 용인시 "최태민씨 묘 불법조성…이전·원상복구 명령" 13시간 전 '침수차량 구매 주의보' 울산 태풍 침수 1천300대 유통 13시간 전 상단여백 다음 이전 Home 외신 [Video] Stepping out of Steve Jobs's shadow, Tim Cook champions the promise of Apple 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 [Video] Stepping out of Steve Jobs's shadow, Tim Cook champions the promise of Apple Online 워싱턴포스트 승인 2016.08.16 00:00 댓글 0 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 블로그 구글+ 글씨키우기 글씨줄이기 메일보내기 인쇄하기 On a sleek white coffee table in Apple CEO Tim Cook's fourth-floor office in late July, beneath framed posters of Robert F. Kennedy, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Jackie Robinson, a rose-gold iPhone 6s sits in its original box. Earlier that morning, Cook had stood in front of employees at Apple headquarters and held up the phone, which a staffer had hand-delivered from a store in Beijing to commemorate a notable occasion: Apple had sold its billionth iPhone. That celebratory milestone - Cook laughs when asked by a reporter if he'll stop counting, as McDonald's did with its hamburgers - aptly coincides with another big moment for the technology giant's chief executive. A few weeks later, Cook would mark the fifth anniversary of what has been the most closely watched transition of power in corporate history: On Aug. 24, 2011, just six weeks before his death, Apple's iconic founder, Steve Jobs, permanently handed his chief operating officer the reins. "It's been a blur in a lot of ways," says Cook, who had filled in for Jobs during medical leaves. "It feels like it was yesterday in some respects." It is fitting that these two milestones arrive so close together. That's because the iPhone, launched by Jobs, has been the biggest driver of Apple's massive growth during Cook's tenure. It led the company to soaring valuations and accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue in the past year. Just the tally on iPhone sales, almost $141 billion over the past four quarters, is more than the annual sales figures of Cisco, Disney and Nike - combined. But the iPhone has been a source of recent disappointment, too. In its most recent quarter, iPhone sales fell 23 percent from a year ago, contributing to a 14.6 percent drop in overall revenue. It was Apple's second consecutive quarterly drop in sales after 13 years of growth. Just after Apple disclosed those results, Cook sat down with The Washington Post to discuss his first five years in one of corporate America's most glaring spotlights. In two sprawling and self-reflective interviews - one in his office and another by phone just before he left for vacation in Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks - Cook described why the visibility of the job has been "shocking," how he's learned to deal with the scrutiny, and who he's turned to for advice at pivotal moments (Warren Buffett, on his decision to return cash to shareholders, and Anderson Cooper about publicly disclosing he is gay). He spoke in candid terms about the mistakes he's made on the way, such as his first hire to run Apple's retail stores ("that was clearly a screw-up"). He fiercely defended Apple's tax policies. He touched on succession planning and the importance of grooming internal candidates. He was at his most spirited when talking about privacy and the long-term future of Apple and the iPhone - calling Apple's big presence in the smartphone industry "a privilege, not a problem" - and quieted considerably when talking about Jobs's memory. "I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point," he said, "but I had convinced myself that he would bounce." Cook, 55, chooses his words carefully, taking long pauses and speaking with a slight Alabama drawl. Though he has favorite phrases - many things are "deep," and Apple's mission is always its "North Star" - he eschews the jargon many CEOs use. And while he's quick to trumpet Apple, he is also unassuming, quickly noting, after saying his job can be "lonely," that "I'm not looking for any sympathy. CEOs don't need any sympathy." That reflects how Cook's imprint on Apple has often been described - making it more systematic, more transparent, more team-oriented, more humble. He has engaged on social issues more than most CEOs, writing op-eds on legislation that limits gay rights and making the extraordinary decision earlier this year to oppose the FBI's request to unlock the San Bernardino, California, killer's phone. As CEO, he gets high marks for managing the company's growth, keeping margins high and expanding further into markets such as China (Apple had four retail stores in China five years ago. Today it has 41.) He has pushed into the enterprise market, grown Apple's product lineup and positioned Apple to make more money off the devices it's already sold: Its services business, which includes things like iTunes, iCloud and a mobile payments service, is projected to be the size of a Fortune 100 business next year - all on its own. Apple remains the most valuable and most profitable company in the S&P 500 index. Yet as the company deals with declining sales in its major device categories and in markets like China, critics and some investors have fretted about Apple's innovation mojo under Cook. The first all-new device during his tenure, the Apple Watch, is not yet a mega hit. The iPhone juggernaut faces a saturated smartphone market, growing competition from low-cost startups and longer upgrade windows from consumers. Rumored big concepts behind the curtain - such as a reported car project - appear to be years away. Some analysts say such impatience is shortsighted, and that the long-term potential for things like services, augmented reality and even a possible car could ultimately transform the way Cook's tenure is viewed. "Investors are so finicky that they lose track of the big picture," says Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray who covers Apple. "I think the wisdom and legacy of Tim Cook is going to be determined by what happens in the next five years." In the conversation below, Cook looks back as well as ahead at those next five years - hinting at augmented reality but refusing to comment about a car project, saying Apple believes people love a surprise. It has been edited for length and clarity.   - - - Q. Your first day in this job, you sent a memo to employees that said, "I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change." Five years later, it has to have changed. What qualities of Apple are immutable, in your view? A. The DNA of the company is really what I was talking about there. The North Star has always been the same, which for us, is about making insanely great products that really change the world in some way - enrich people's lives. And so our reason for being hasn't changed. Other things do change. But that's the thread that ties everyone together.   Q. And what has changed? A. The obvious things are we have more employees. The company is four times larger [by revenue since 2010]. We've broadened the iPhone lineup. That was a really key decision and I think a very good one. We've gone into the Apple Watch business, which has gotten us into wellness and in health. We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us. Lots of core technology work has been done.   Q. You've said you don't want to be a traditional CEO. What do you mean by that? A. I think of a traditional CEO as being divorced from customers. A lot of consumer company CEOs - they're not really interacting with consumers. I also think that the traditional CEO believes his or her job is the profit and loss, is the revenue statement, the income and expense, the balance sheet. Those are important, but I don't think they're all that's important. There's an incredible responsibility to the employees of the company, to the communities and the countries that the company operates in, to people who assemble its products, to developers, to the whole ecosystem of the company. And so I have a maybe nontraditional view there. I get criticized for it some, I recognize. But I've never wanted to be the stereotypical CEO. I don't think I'd be very good at it, honestly. And I don't think for Apple that would in the long run be good for the company. If you care about long-term shareholder return, all of these other things are really critical.   Q. You've got the billionth iPhone on the table here. One thing that has changed is that in 2011 about 44 percent of the company's sales came from iPhone. Now it's close to two-thirds. How can Apple move forward when so much of its business is tied up in the iPhone and an industry that's cooling off? A. This is actually a privilege, not a problem. Think about this: What other products do you know where the ratio of people to the product, for a consumer electronics product, will be one-to-one over the long haul? I don't think there is another one.   Q. Meaning? A. The global sales of PCs each year are about 275 million right now. That number's been declining. The global market for smartphones is 1.4 billion. Over time, I'm convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone. That may take a while, and they won't all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on Earth from a consumer electronics point of view. Look at the core technologies that make up the smartphone today and look at the ones that will be dominant in smartphones of the future - like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren't leaving home without it today - you're really going to be connected to it in the future. That level of performance is going to skyrocket. And there is nothing that's going to replace it in the short term or in the intermediate term, either. I realize that the people who are focused on this 90-day clock say, "Oh, my God, the smartphone industry only grew by 1 percent or decreased by 6 percent." You know, the global economy's not that great right now. But if you're in it for the long haul, this is the best market on earth.   Q. So to those who ask where's the next big, world-changing category for Apple - it's sitting on this $231.5 billion pile of cash - are you saying there's nothing like the smartphone? A. Technology is one of these industries where every week there's a new shiny object that people are skating to. Netbooks - look back, everybody was writing like netbooks were this unbelievable thing, everyone was asking us, "Why aren't you making one?" Same thing with the PDA. Remember what happened with the PDA? Up and down. It was like the hula hoop. Technology is full of those. I'm not saying we're not going to do anything else. I'm saying this is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years. So I would not want anybody to think this, oh, this "better days are behind us" thing.   Q. Some analysts have said that. A. And it doesn't bother me. Because honestly, they were saying that about Apple in 2001. They were saying it in 2005. They were saying it in 2007 - this stupid iPhone, whoever dreamed up this thing? Then they were saying that we peaked in 2010, then it was 2011. We got to $60 billion [in revenue], and they said you can't grow any more from this. Well, last year we were $230 billion. And, yes, we're coming down some this year. Every year isn't an up, you know. I've heard all of it before. And I don't subscribe to it because it's traditional thinking in a lot of ways: You can't get large because you are large.   Q. How do you make the case that Apple is still a long-term growth company? A. In today's products we have services [iCloud, App Store, Apple Pay and the like], which over the last 12 months grew about $4 billion to over $23 billion [in sales]. Next year we've said it's going to be a Fortune 100 company in size. What else? The iPad Pro. What we saw in this past quarter is that about half of the people who are buying one are using it at work. We have an enormous opportunity in enterprise. Last year we did $25 billion or so in it around the world. We're collaborating much better with key partners because it's important, if you're making a decision to use our products or anybody's products in the enterprise, that they work well together. And so we're working with Cisco because they're incredible with the network infrastructure. We're working with IBM, who's written a number of apps. We're working with SAP because they own the back of the house, in terms of the processing. They own three-quarters of the world's transactions, in terms of it running on their products. And then, of course, the markets. We have done fairly well in China. India is fast-growing, but our base there is smaller. One of the big things that has held India back is the cellular infrastructure. They have two major carriers putting in a lot of investment to bring 4G. You can imagine if you didn't have 4G today. You can't enjoy video on a 3G. Periodically you can, but not consistently. This is a game changer. And so I look at it and say: markets? Enterprise - huge. Geographies? India is one I've talked about, but there are others. Products? We purposely don't talk about that one. But you can imagine. Step back and say what's Apple so great at? Apple is the only company that can take hardware, software and services and integrate those into an experience that's an "aha" for the customer. You can take that and apply to markets that we're not in today. There's not a limitation that we can only do that in the smartphone area or in the tablet or Mac or watch area.   Q. You succeeded one of the icons of American business. What does it feel like to step into those shoes? A. To me, Steve's not replaceable. By anyone. [Voice softens] He was an original of a species. I never viewed that as my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve. So I went into it with one thought, and then weeks later - six weeks later, whatever -   Q. Quickly. A. It was very quickly. [The day he died] was sort of the worst day ever. I just - I had really convinced myself. I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did.   Q. What did you think you knew about leading Apple that turned out to be wrong? There's nothing like sitting in the chair, so to speak. I was reminded that customers have a really deep love for the company. I started just getting an avalanche of customer mail. I don't mean complaints. Email. Positive. Negative. Points of view. Not the 'hey, this broke, I'm mad.' Largely not that kind of stuff. Things much deeper than that. Moved by how they were treated in a store. Lots of people have written me about FaceTime and how they could be near their mother's or father's bedside before they died only because of it.   Q. But what about in terms of running the company? A. I learned that the scrutiny was much higher than I thought. Media interest and scrutiny - social networking was taking off at that time - and so a lot of the "love," so to speak, and interest from customers, I think, transfers to media interest as well. And so there's a lot of visibility on the company. We can do very few things without it being reported somewhere.   Q. You and Alan Greenspan or Janet Yellen would probably have a lot to talk about. It seems like every word you say is scrutinized. How do you get used to that? A. You don't. You're both praised and criticized, and the extremes are wide - very wide. And that can happen all in a day. You build up - my skin got materially thicker after August 2011. And I don't mean in a bad way. I don't mean that I'm callous and don't care. I think I'm a bit better today about compartmentalizing things and not taking everything so personally. That was just downright shocking to me, honestly. I thought the visibility went with Steve, not the company. And so I thought with a different CEO, with me, that would instantly change. It didn't.   Q. You've been more outspoken on social issues than any other CEO of a company your size. Do you think companies have a responsibility to publicly take on such issues as civil rights and climate change? A. I think everybody has to make their own decision about it. Maybe there are compelling reasons why some people want to be silent. I think for us, though - for a company that's all about empowering people through our products, and being a collection of people whose goal in life is to change the world for the better - it doesn't sit right with me that you have that kind of focus, but you're not making sure your carbon footprint isn't poisoning the place. Or that you're not evangelizing moving human rights forward. I think every generation has the responsibility to enlarge the meaning of human rights. I do view that a CEO today of Apple should participate in the national discussion on these type of issues.   Q. Who were you thinking about when you decided to write the op-ed where you publicly came out as gay? A. I was thinking about kids. I was getting notes from kids who knew I was gay, or assumed I was, because of something they had read on the Web. And they were kids who were distraught. Some had been pushed out by their families. They thought they couldn't achieve anything. They couldn't do anything. They were seeing the national discourse around it and feeling isolated and depressed. And I just thought - I've got to do something.   Q. And you speaking out would do what? A. I thought it would minimally say you can do pretty good in this world and be gay. That it's not a limiter. It's okay to be. That it's okay to be honest about it. I figured if I could help one person, it would be worth it. It had been planned for quite a long time. It was not something that was done in a moment, by any means. It was probably a year. Just thinking through what to say, how to say it, where to say it, how to do that in a way that advanced what I was trying to do. I wanted it to be in a business [publication]. That's what I know, that's who I am. There was a lot of work there. I visited people. I talked to Anderson Cooper at length - multiple times. Because I thought that the way that he handled his announcement was really classy. I was getting advice from people who I thought were really great people who had really deeply thought about it.   Q. There are few jobs in corporate America that have the same scope, breadth and size as yours. Geopolitics. National security. Consumer retail. Global supply chains. The entertainment industry. It's mind-boggling. Where do you turn to for advice? A. Whoever I think can help me. When I was going through [the question of] what should we do on returning cash to shareholders, I thought who could really give us great advice here? Who wouldn't have a bias? So I called up Warren Buffett. I thought he's the natural person, and so I try to go through that process on everyone. That doesn't mean I always do what they say. But I think it's incumbent on a CEO to not just listen to points of view but to actually solicit them. Because I think, if not, you quickly become insular. And you're sort of living in the echo chamber.   Q. Who else? A. For the hearing [in 2013 before the U.S. Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations about Apple's tax practices], I've never testified in front of Congress before. So I called up [Goldman Sachs CEO] Lloyd Blankfein, because I looked back to say who's done this before? I knew Lloyd and thought he'd be honest with me. He gave me great advice. I called up President [Bill] Clinton. He knows a lot about the politics. I'd not met him through a political connection. I'd met him through the foundation. And he was great. I went to Laurene, Steve's wife. Laurene has the lens of knowing me and deeply understanding Apple. And so, obviously, I get a lot of advice internal to Apple. But I think it's important on these things that are also new to the company to solicit some people outside, even if you conclude to not do what they say.   Q. With the fight with the FBI, did you have any idea what you were getting into? A. We knew it was going to be very, very difficult. And that the cards were stacked against us. But we spent a lot of time on "what is right here?" People who were really key on this decision are folks like [senior vice president of software engineering] Craig Federighi. This at its heart is a deep, deep technical question. You first have to understand that to do anything else. The lightbulb went off, and it became clear what was right when we did the first piece of work: Could we create a tool to unlock the phone? After a few days, we had determined yes, we could. Then the question was, ethically, should we? We thought, you know, that depends on whether we could contain it or not. Other people were involved in this, too - deep security experts and so forth, and it was apparent from those discussions that we couldn't be assured. The risk of what happens if it got out, we felt, could be incredibly terrible for public safety. We knew the positioning on the outside would not be public safety. It would be security vs. privacy - security should win. But we went through the deep, deep, deep discussions on that. It became clear that the trade-off, so to speak, was essentially putting hundreds of millions of people at risk for a phone that may or may not have anything on it, and that likely didn't, because of other things that we knew about. We thought this actually is a clear decision. A hard one, but a clear one. Then it became more of a matter of how do we explain this. Because this is not easy. You can imagine. You just hear: locked phone. Terrorist. People dead. Why aren't you unlocking this?   Q. Did the FBI fight change how you view the mandate of your job? A. Customers should have an expectation that they shouldn't need a PhD in computer science to protect themselves. So I think they depend on us to do some things on their behalf. So with that responsibility comes an obligation to stand up. And, in this case, it was unbelievably uncomfortable and not something that we wished for, wanted - we didn't even think it was right. Honestly? I was shocked that they would even ask for this. That was the thing that was so disappointing that I think everybody lost in the whole thing. There are 200-plus other countries in the world. Zero of them had ever asked this.   Q. You've talked about privacy being part of Apple's values. How personal is it for you? You're known as a very private person. You grew up gay in a red state. Did those early years have an impact on how you lead Apple and on your public stances about privacy? A.. Undoubtedly, your childhood and your upbringing is a constant across your life in terms of the things you learn and your point of view. But in terms of privacy, I wouldn't link the two. There's a broader thing in play. Privacy, in my point of view, is a civil liberty that our Founding Fathers thought of a long time ago and concluded it was an essential part of what it was to be an American. Sort of on the level, if you will, with freedom of speech, freedom of the press. The other thing is how all this data sits out there in different places. I do worry about people not really understanding deeply about what kinds of things are out there about them. So it's really both of those - not really the growing up in the South.   Q. Back in 2009, you said, "We believe in saying no to thousands of projects." Name one product or project in the past five years you have put on the shelf. A. [Laughs]. I don't know if I want to do that, because it gives competition some heads-up about things. But be assured that we have. More than one. Because the wonderful thing about Apple is there are many ideas about doing things. We have resources to do a few, but you can only do a few things deep and well, and so you have to say no and have debates about what things are in versus out. So more than one big thing has left the page.   Q. When you look back, are there mistakes you've made that you've learned something from? A. Maps was a mistake. Today we have a product we're proud of. But we had the self-honesty to admit this wasn't our finest hour and the courage to choose another way of doing it. That's important. It's the only way an organization learns. The classic big-company mistake is to not admit their mistake. They double down on them. Their pride or ego is so large that they can't say we did something wrong. And I think the faster you do that, the better - change gears to something else. If you're honest, people will give you the benefit of the doubt. But if you have your head stuck in the sand and you just keep doing it, I think you lose your employees and your customers as well.   Q. What else? A. I hired the wrong person for retail [former Dixons CEO John Browett] initially. That was clearly a screw-up. I'm not saying anything bad about him. He didn't fit here culturally is a good way to describe it. We all talked to him, and I made the final decision, and it was wrong. We fairly quickly recognized it and made a change. And I'm proud we did that. A lot of companies would have said, "Oh, he hasn't been here very long." But when you're looking at more time with [then] 50,000 people in retail - that's a lot of people that you're affecting in the wrong way. That was a mistake. I probably have a long list. It's sort of a lonely job. The adage that it's lonely - the CEO job is lonely - is accurate in a lot of ways. I'm not looking for any sympathy. You have to recognize that you have blind spots. We all do. Blind spots move, and you want to not just have really bright people around you, but people who will push on you and people to bring out the best in you. People that amplify whatever you're good at. And then also the people who plug the parts that you're not and may never be.   Q. What are you reading? A. I have two books going right now: One is the Bobby Kennedy book ["Bobby Kennedy: The Making of a Liberal Icon," by Larry Tye] that just came out. The other is quite an old book. It's a Gandhi book ["Mohandas K. Gandhi, Autobiography: The Story of My Experiments With Truth"] that I got interested in because we went to the Gandhi museum when we were in India recently. I tend to like nonfiction and particularly reading about people and how they lived and how they fought, and what motivated them and their philosophy and so forth.   Q. When Steve handed you the reins, he said Apple had never had an orderly transition of CEO, and he wanted that to happen. What are you doing now to make sure the next transition, whenever it happens, is orderly? A. At the end of every board meeting, I discuss succession with the board because I might step off the wrong curb or something. We have the good discipline to do that. Then my role is to make sure that the board has great candidates to pick from internally. And I take that role extremely seriously. Look around at the great people I get to work with - there's some really just superb talent in the company.   Q. You've made more acquisitions at Apple, including the purchase of Beats, which was its largest ever, at $3 billion. At its current size, does Apple need big acquisitions like that to grow? A. Do we need them? No. But we always are looking for companies that have really talented people and great intellectual property, and when we find them we do acquire them. To put that into context, we've acquired 15 to 20 companies a year for the last four years.   Q. Do you think there will be more at that size going forward? A. I think we'll continue to acquire companies. If you're asking me would we do another one the size of Beats -   Q. Or bigger? You certainly could. A. We clearly are capable of doing it both from a management-depth point of view and a financial point of view. But we'd only do it if it were great for Apple strategically. We don't acquire for revenue. So the essential for us is the talent and/or [intellectual property]. Those are the things that we optimize around. Now with Beats, we also got revenue. But it wasn't the purpose of it. The purpose was that we were going into streaming - we'd already made a decision to do that. And we looked around at people who might be able to help us. I think we got Apple Music out probably a little sooner than we would have otherwise. It's infused some great talent on the team.   Q. Sales in greater China were down 33 percent in the most recent quarter. Low-cost competitors like Huawei are getting into building premium phones. Let's talk about China. How much are you worried about competitive and regulatory threats there? A. We make our investment decisions based on long term. We have to report every 90 days because that's the rules, but it's not how we run the company. So as I look in the long term, I think China is an unbelievable market - not only from a demand point of view and the revenue potential there, but also as a great source of talent. We have over a million and a half developers there. The reach is unbelievable. There are, sort of, speed bumps now with the economy. In a year-ago quarter, we were up 112 percent. So I think you have to back up and put it in perspective. If you look at it over a two-year basis, we were up over 50 percent in the quarter.   Q. We were talking about getting advice from people before your first testimony on Capitol Hill. That hearing focused on the corporate taxes Apple pays. Apple is now awaiting a European Union ruling on whether you owe billions in back taxes, and corporate tax reform is a big election-year issue. Does either a Trump or a Clinton campaign give you or the company any hope that there could be corporate tax reform anytime soon? A. I think it's in the best interest of the U.S. to have corporate tax reform, regardless of which political party is in charge of the White House. Because if you look at it, the U.S. rules today are that international companies like us and many others can keep their earnings that they earn overseas overseas, and then when they bring them back it triggers the tax liability. What I've always felt should happen is that every dollar should be taxed immediately with no deferral. But as a consequence of doing that, you should have free flow of capital. What would happen is if a system like that were put in place, it should have more investment going into the United States. We're the only major country in the world that has a system like this. It's not good for the U.S., it's not good for the economy, it's not good for jobs, it's not good for investments. I think there's wide agreement to that in both parties, by the way. There's a difference of view with different people about how to fix it, but I think everybody agrees the current system isn't working. So I'm optimistic that, in 2017, there will be some sort of corporate tax reform. The U.S. needs to invest more in infrastructure - so what would be great is, if they take the tax proceeds of a corporate tax reform and invest it in infrastructure and roads and bridges and airports.   Q. What do you say in response to Nobel economist Joseph Stiglitz's comments on Bloomberg [television], where he called Apple's profit reporting in Ireland a "fraud"? A. I didn't hear it. But if anybody said that, they don't know what they're talking about. Let me explain what goes on with our international taxes. The money that's in Ireland that he's probably referring to is money that is subject to U.S. taxes. The tax law right now says we can keep that in Ireland or we can bring it back. And when we bring it back, we will pay 35 percent federal tax and then a weighted average across the states that we're in, which is about 5 percent, so think of it as 40 percent. We've said at 40 percent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate. There's no debate about it. Is that legal to do or not legal to do? It is legal to do. It is the current tax law. It's not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. It doesn't go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are. And so what we've said - we think it's fine for us to pay more, because right now we're paying nothing on that and we leave it over there. But we - like many, many other companies do - wait for the money to come back. In the meantime, it's important to look at what we do pay. Our marginal rate, our effective rate in the U.S. is over 30 percent. We are the largest taxpayer in the United States. And so we're not a tax dodger. We pay our share and then some. We don't have these big loopholes that other people talk about. The only kind of major tax credit that we get is the R&D tax credit, which is available to all companies in the United States. That's important to know. The second thing I would point out is we have money internationally because we have two-thirds of our business there. So we earn money internationally.   Q. Do you feel picked on by the EU? A. You know, they haven't ruled yet. I don't know how they will rule. I hope that we get a fair hearing. If we don't, then we would obviously appeal it. It's important for everyone to understand that the allegation made in the EU is that Ireland gave us a special deal. Ireland denies that. The structure we have was applicable to everybody - it wasn't something that was done unique to Apple. It was their law. And the basic controversy at the root of this is, people really aren't arguing that Apple should pay more taxes. They're arguing about who they should be paid to. And so there's a tug of war going on between the countries of how you allocate profits.   Q. Let's jump to Apple's future. You made some statements in the earnings call about artificial intelligence that got a lot of attention. Can Apple catch up with the AI efforts from companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon? A. Let me take exception to your question. Your question seems to imply that we're behind. Let's take a look at that. We've been shipping Siri since 2011, and Siri is with you all of the time. Which I think most people would want an assistant with them all the time, whether they're at work or at home or in between or on the soccer field. You don't think of your to-do list, so to speak, only when you're in your kitchen. And the breadth of Siri is unbelievable. Increasingly, Siri understands things obviously without having to memorize certain ways to say things. The prediction of Siri is going way up. What we've done with AI is focus on things that will help the customer. And we announced in June that we're opening Siri to third parties, so third-party developers can now use Siri. So a simple example with that, whatever kind of ride-sharing app you might use, Uber or Lyft in the United States, you could just - using your voice - order the car. So third-party developers are writing tons of those that will be available to the public in the fall. And that's how we're broadening Siri in a huge way. But there are other things in there, like if you're typing in mail, the prediction capability of the next word or next phrase that you will use has just - Siri has gotten a lot smarter about that. The simple things, like do you drive to the airport? I haven't done that in a little while, but when I did, I always forgot where I put my car.   Q. I just take a picture of the sign on the wall. A. But you don't even have to do that anymore because Siri will know where you parked. And so things like this really make a difference to people - we do all of that while protecting your privacy. Instead of passing all that information to the cloud, where we're maintaining it all, we do a lot of it on the device itself. So you're in control of your own data.   Q. Do you have a concern about privacy as you push into AI? A. No. I think that talented people can come up with fantastic ways of using AI without violating privacy. There's a new technology called differential privacy which essentially looks at large data sets to predict user behaviors and requests without going to the precise individual, which might violate privacy. Now there are some things that we do look at - like if you buy songs, it's a reasonable expectation that we know what songs you buy because you buy them from us. And we use that information with machine learning to recommend other songs you might like.   Q. What about augmented or virtual reality? A. I think AR [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it's something we're doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about. [Laughs.]   Q. You mentioned earlier about how much more difficult it is to keep things secret. There's been a number of reports about Apple's car project - the people who are being hired or moved into place to lead it. It gets enough attention that it almost seems like an open secret. Why not say something about it? A. I can't answer a question about something we haven't announced. [Laughs.]   Q. But there's just constant attention about it. Is it tempting to share any kind of details? A. We've always viewed that people love surprises. We don't have enough anymore in our lives.   Q. Sometimes it seems like Silicon Valley companies are all blending together - everyone's converging on the same big race. Self-driving cars, AI, Google is reportedly building a smartphone. In a tech industry where companies are trying to be "all things to all people," how does Apple's longtime philosophy of simplicity, and being very focused, move it forward? A. It's as important as it ever was. We're a bit larger today, so we can do a bit more than we could do 10 years ago or even five years ago. But we still have, for our size, an extremely focused product line. You can literally put every product we make on this table. That really is an indication of how focused it is. I think that's a good thing. Regardless of who you are, there's only so many things that you can do at a very high-quality and deep, deep level - personally and in business. And so we're not going to change that. That's core to our model and way of thinking.   Q. Apple has really ramped up spending in research and development. One analyst noted your [incremental] R&D is now greater than the 14 largest automakers, combined. What's the most exciting technology out there to you right now? A. That one I don't want to answer, because it would give too much of an insight into the things we're doing. But we have ramped up R&D because we are heavily investing in the future - both in current product lines and things that aren't visible as well, including in services. In due time, some of those things will be visible. But there will always be other things that will replace those things that are invisible.   Q. Any final reflections on your tenure? Moments that stuck out at you? A. I've got the best job in the world. I think about my day and weeks and months and years - I put them in three buckets: people, strategy and execution. I sort of move between those on a daily basis as to where I put my time. I always think the most important one of those is people. If you don't get that one right, it doesn't matter what kind of energy you have in the other two - it's not enough. <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 워싱턴포스트 다른기사 보기 페이스북 이메일 입력.편집 :   2016-08-15 21:13   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 비난 댓글 가득한 손연재 인스타그램 김기춘 "최순실 개입 몰라 자괴감…중정때 최태민 조사안해" '갤럭시노트7을 구하라' 김의성이 이승환을 "친구"라 불렀더니 생긴 일 벤츠 코리아 '더 뉴 E 200 아방가르드' 출시 비난 댓글 가득한 손연재 인스타그램 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2016 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
null
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Updated 11/23/16 01:07 PM EST Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador By Nahal Toosi and Alex Isenstadt She's a rising star in the Republican Party and is Trump’s first female appointee to a Cabinet-level post. 11/23/16 12:52 PM EST Khamenei: Iran 'will not stand idly by' if sanctions are reimposed By Yousef Saba The United States "should be aware that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not stand by idly," Khamenei added. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST DeVos said to be front-runner for Education secretary By Caitlin Emma and Michael Stratford DeVos, of Grand Rapids, Mich., chairs the American Federation for Children. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST U.S. sees spike in apprehensions along southern border By POLITICO Staff Trump made border security core to his campaign message. 11/23/16 12:37 PM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver 11/23/16 12:32 PM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing 11/23/16 12:20 PM EST Ben Carson looks like HUD choice By Matthew Nussbaum Ben Carson appears poised to be nominated as President-elect Donald Trump's secretary of Housing and Urban Development, overseeing billions of dollars... 11/23/16 12:17 PM EST Playback: Trump looks at a cabinet 11/23/16 11:35 AM EST Hannity calls on Trump to freeze out the press By Brent Griffiths Hannity openly endorsed Trump during the campaign. 11/23/16 11:12 AM EST Warren, Cummings ask GAO to look into Trump conflicts of interest By Colin Wilhelm The congressional Democrats also want GAO to review the transition effort's "disarray." 11/23/16 10:57 AM EST Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state By Nolan D. McCaskill 'I’m still very unhappy that Mitt did everything he could to derail Donald Trump,' Huckabee said. 11/23/16 10:36 AM EST Petraeus says he would serve in Trump's administration By Yousef Saba “If you're asked, you've got to serve — put aside any reservations based on campaign rhetoric... and figure out what's best for the country,” he said. 11/23/16 10:28 AM EST Blackstone executive Jonathan Gray won't serve as Treasury secretary By Ben White “I had a terrific meeting and robust policy discussion with the president-elect. It was an honor to be considered for Treasury secretary, but I still have... 11/23/16 10:26 AM EST Professor cited in report says election results 'probably not' hacked By Madeline Conway Halderman wrote that he does not think it’s likely that the election results, which deviated from pre-election polls in those swing states in particular,... Barcelona’s war on tourists By Diego Torres Marine Le Pen’s legal headaches By Nicholas Vinocur Brexit hobbles UK growth outlook By Paul Dallison and Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Restaurants cheer court block of Obama's overtime rule By Helena Bottemiller Evich Beverage makers have long road ahead on cutting calories — Iowa lawmakers want quick death for WOTUS 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST A look at Frances Townsend, potential Homeland Security secretary By Tim Starks Investigating the election — Safe online shopping guide 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST High-tech transportation world hopeful for Trump administration By Brianna Gurciullo Harold Ford Jr. surfaces as Transportation secretary candidate — Trump says Ryan and McConnell are 'in love' with him 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Texas judge blocks overtime rule By Ted Hesson Kirasnow: Trump will focus on labor force participation — Man bites dog 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Pritzker to China: More reform needed By Megan Cassella Transition ramps up for Ex-Im, Commerce — WTO Appellate Body chairman breaks his silence 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Obama techies in turmoil over sticking with Trump By Alex Byers FCC's December agenda leaves off set-top, business broadband items — E&C lawmakers floated in administration chatter 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Updated 21st Century Cures is imminent By Dan Diamond Cigna's Cordani sides with DOJ? — No correlation between political party and NIH funding 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST More bumps for the Trump Foundation By Bernie Becker Retail rebels — Where is my refund? 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Colleges vow to protect undocumented students By Benjamin Wermund Did Rhee really remove herself from Education Secretary consideration? — Oklahoma’s early ESSA plans 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST New ‘Cures’ language coming soon By David Pittman Price has secret soft side for health tech — Cybersecurity news 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Greens regroup for unexpected battle By Anthony Adragna Obama pushed to enter Dakota Access fray — Mayors vow climate progress during Trump presidency 11/23/16 09:58 AM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver By Brent Griffiths Trump reignited the speculation over Kushner’s role in his administration when Trump floated the possibility that the 35-year-old could become a key broker... Presidential Transition Updated 11/23/16 09:39 AM EST Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation By Nancy Cook and Andrew Restuccia The transition team's approach is in marked contrast to that of past presidential transitions. JPMC - Friday Cover - 11/25/16 - Next Mission for Veteran Entrepreneurs 11/23/16 09:30 AM EST BROWN and Legislature nix transportation session -- FACEBOOK’s China accommodation -- Putin’s favorite congressman 11/23/16 09:23 AM EST Poll: Voters take a dim view of Trump's campaign promises By Nolan D. McCaskill Fifty-five percent oppose his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. 11/23/16 08:54 AM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing By Nolan D. McCaskill Gingrich said his reaction to Trump’s reversal “depends on exactly what he meant.” 11/23/16 08:30 AM EST Trump talks Mattis, waterboarding, Syria By Jeremy Herb Canada pushes back F-35 decision — Al-Qaeda figure killed in U.S. airstrike 11/23/16 08:00 AM EST Meet Bill Walton By Ben White and Andrew Hanna Harold Ford for Trump team? — TCH on FSB — Fed minutes prep 11/23/16 07:59 AM EST McSALLY EYES HOMELAND GAVEL – Putin’s favorite congressman – BIDEN NIXES DNC RUMORS – Trump on GOP leaders: ‘They’re in love with me’ – AFL-CIO BACKS PELOSI 11/23/16 07:42 AM EST Trumpsition Day 14: What does Haley pick portend? By Matthew Nussbaum Haley, who met with Trump last week, helps to round out Trump’s foreign affairs team. 11/23/16 07:36 AM EST Looking back on LAQUAN MCDONALD -- NUKE bailout deal in the works -- LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse 11/23/16 07:33 AM EST Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million By Nolan D. McCaskill Clinton has garnered 64,223,958 votes, compared to Trump’s 62,206,395 votes. 11/23/16 07:32 AM EST TIMES gets Trump on the record -- ALICIA GLEN on infrastructure hopes -- AIRBNB drops state suit AIRBNB drops state suit 11/23/16 07:21 AM EST INTRIGUE: BANNON AND MARK CUBAN HUDDLE in NYC -- Nikki Haley to the U.N. -- Harold Ford Jr. talking to TRUMP world -- INSIDE TRUMP VETTING OP -- B’DAY: Geoff Morrell By Anna Palmer, Jake Sherman and Daniel Lippman 11/23/16 07:12 AM EST SETTI calls boosting Baker-challenge war chest -- ROMNEY tops TRUMP State list -- THANKSGIVING convo survival tips THANKSGIVING convo survival tips 11/23/16 07:08 AM EST WISNIEWSKI launches campaign -- CHRISTIE changes course on tax reciprocity -- NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 11/23/16 06:53 AM EST Poll: Obama's approval rating highest in seven years By Nolan D. McCaskill Obama enjoys a post-election approval rating of 57 percent. Washington And The World 11/23/16 05:10 AM EST Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin I was at State when we took the MeK off the terrorist list. But team Trump’s ties to the group still worry me. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:07 AM EST Trump gets to pick his own auditor By Katy O'Donnell Lawyers say there's nothing to stop him from appointing an IRS chief who will go easy on him. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:06 AM EST Trump owes ethics exemption to George H.W. Bush By Josh Gerstein In a late-'80s overhaul of federal ethics, the president got a break from conflict of interest laws. Congress 11/23/16 05:03 AM EST Putin’s favorite congressman By Isaac Arnsdorf and Benjamin Oreskes Dana Rohrabacher’s pro-Russia views made him an outcast. But in Trump’s Washington, he could fit right in. 11/23/16 12:01 AM EST Johnson proclaims national day of mourning for Kennedy: Nov. 23, 1963 By Andrew Glass John F. Kennedy was assassinated Nov. 22 in Dallas. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Trump owes ethics exemption to George H.W. Bush Trump gets to pick his own auditor Putin’s favorite congressman Texas court blocks overtime rule The Cure for Fake News Is Worse Than the Disease Politico Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Democrats mobilize after latest info leak By Tim Starks 08/15/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Li Zhou and Heather Caygle AFTER THE FLOOD — Members and staffers were besieged over the weekend by texts and emails following the latest online dump of their contact info from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee breach, with some aides telling POLITICO that they had received hundreds of spear phishing-style messages overnight. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi even changed her phone number after receiving vulgar messages. “This is a sad course of events, not only for us, but more importantly for our country,” Pelosi said in a message to her caucus and obtained by POLITICO. Story Continued Below The DCCC held a Saturday evening call on the leak for members, featuring Pelosi, the Sergeant-at-Arms office and cyber experts. A Democratic source said those in competitive races voiced worries about what might leak next, especially materials like opposition research. Pelosi emphasized that the Russians sometimes doctor documents before leaking them, so they look like the real thing but might add one false, damaging sentence, and said that could be used to cast doubt on the veracity of any future leaks. THREE’S A CROWD — Included on the Saturday evening call were investigators from the digital security firm CrowdStrike. The increasingly-prominent company has been there again and again for every major campaign cyber incident during the 2016 election season. From the Bernie Sanders staffer kerfuffle to the hacks of the Democratic National Committee and DCCC, the Irvine, Calif., company has been a go-to for political breaches. Firm co-founder Dmitri Alperovitch told your MC host that there are more political outfits lining up for business — both Democrats and Republicans. MC’s profile of how the company became the breach investigators of choice for political outfits (Pros can read it here) demonstrates that companies like CrowdStrike are making waves on the policy side, too. “These companies now play this role of intelligence agencies and forcing transparency on nation-states, both as attacker and victim,” said Adam Segal, an international cyber policy expert at the Council on Foreign Relations. “It does create a dynamic where the companies are driving discussions where policymakers may not want it to go.” BUT NOW DEMOCRATS AREN’T ALL ALONE — “Hackers linked to Russian intelligence services may have targeted some prominent Republican lawmakers, in addition to their well-publicized spying on Democrats, based on research into leaked emails published on a little-noticed website,” Cory writes. There were a handful of GOP names in the DCCC contact info dump, as well. But it’s possible this might just be part of a campaign to shape the message that this isn’t a Russian campaign to influence the election for Republicans, cyber experts caution. The GOP messages on the website, DC Leaks, were pretty innocuous. HAPPY MONDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! The whole gang is back as of today. Your MC host missed them. Send thoughts, feedback and especially your tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro and @MorningCybersec. Full team info below. CRITIQUES FOR DEM CYBER BOARD — Some technologists are skeptical of the makeup of the newly-created DNC Cybersecurity Advisory Board. “DNC creates Cybersecurity board made up of well meaning people with no cybersecurity expertise. Your move Russia…” tweeted Peter Zatko, aka Mudge, a former member of the hacker collective L0pht, now affiliated with the Cyber Independent Testing Lab. “Every announced name on the new DNC cyber committee is a lawyer or ex top gov official,” tweeted Chris Soghoian, principal technologist at the ACLU. “Could the DNC not find a single technical cybersecurity expert to appoint to their cybersecurity advisory board?” APPLE’S TIM COOK TALKS FBI, ENCRYPTION — In an interview with The Washington Post over the weekend, Apple’s Tim Cook said he was “shocked” that the FBI sought Apple’s help in unlocking an iPhone used by San Bernardino, Calif., shooter Syed Farook. Cook said he knew it would be a tough case to make to the public to fight off law enforcement, and wishes the bureau had never made the request. “Honestly? I was shocked that they would even ask for this,” Cook said. “That was the thing that was so disappointing that I think everybody lost in the whole thing. There are 200-plus other countries in the world. Zero of them had ever asked this.” THE FIRST WAVE OF PRIVACY SHIELD SIGN-UPS — Via our friends at Morning Tech: Thirty-six companies are now officially active under Privacy Shield, according to a list released by the Department of Commerce on Friday. Microsoft, Salesforce and Workday are among the first to become certified to operate via the new data-sharing agreement. Other tech companies — including Google and Cisco — have also previously expressed their support for Privacy Shield, and signaled intentions to participate. “There are nearly 200 applications currently involved in our rigorous review process,” a spokesman said. The Department of Commerce noted that it will release future waves of certifications on a rolling basis. Over 4,000 companies had been certified through Safe Harbor, Privacy Shield’s predecessor. YOU TELL US — The European Union’s information security agency couldn’t figure out how much of economic damage is done by attacks on digital critical infrastructure. “Measurement of the real impact of incidents in terms of the costs needed for full recovery proved to be quite a challenging task,” according to a new European Union Agency for Network and Information Security report. That’s too bad, because it matters: “Determining cost values that are as close as possible to reality is a key to determining the real economic impact of incidents on EU’s economy.” The ENISA did arrive at some price tags, however: “Cost of cybercrime can reach values as high as 15 mil. euro per organisation/year, or 1.6% of the GDP for some countries.” The hope is that some of the report’s conclusions can help form the foundation of future work. GOOD NEWS! — The General Services Administration got a clean audit under an inspector general review required by the major cyber threat information sharing law passed last year, the Cybersecurity Act. “GSA policies and procedures regarding access controls are generally consistent with significant governmentwide policies and procedures, including relevant standards established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidance,” the audit states. REPORT WATCH — More than a third of information technology personnel don’t have a physical security policy for protecting their companies’ laptops, mobile devices and other electronic assets, according to a survey out today from Kensington. “Losing proprietary business data through the theft of laptops or other devices can be priceless, but when users are working in the office, IT may be lulled into a false sense of security that devices are safe on the premises,” the survey summary states, noting that IT theft is nearly as common in the workplace as car theft. QUICK BYTES — A Russian Olympic whistleblower was hacked. Straits Times. — Visa sent out an alert on the Oracle breach. Krebs on Security. — WordPress blocked some of the latest Guccifer 2.0 documents. The Hill. — “How do you securely exchange encrypted-decrypted-recrypted data? Ask Microsoft.” The Register. — The U.K. software company Sage got hit by a cyber attack. The Guardian. — A theoretical cryptocurrency tied to DDoS attacks? Motherboard. — “MONSOON Cyber-Espionage Campaign Linked to Patchwork APT.” Security Week. — "Hacker, Son of Russian MP, to Face Trial Over $170 Million Hacking Scheme." Softpedia. That’s all for today. Them wild-eyed boys that had been away... Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com,@ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks). « View Archives Authors: Tim Starks tstarks@politico.com About The Author Tim Starks has written about cybersecurity since 2003, when he began at Congressional Quarterly as a homeland security reporter. While at CQ Roll Call, he mainly covered intelligence, but he also had stretches as a foreign policy reporter and defense reporter. In 2009, he won the National Press Club's Sandy Hume Memorial Award for Excellence in Political Journalism. He left CQ Roll Call in March of 2015. Before coming to Politico he spent several months freelancing, writing for the Economist, the New Republic, Foreign Policy, Vice, Bloomberg and the Guardian. He grew up in Evansville, Ind. and graduated from the University of Southern Indiana with a degree in print journalism. His first full-time reporting job was covering city hall for the Evansville Press, the former afternoon daily. He was a Pulliam Fellow at the Indianapolis Star, and participated in the Politics and Journalism Semester at the chain of newspapers anchored by the Las Vegas Review-Journal. He also was the Statehouse Bureau Chief at the Evansville Courier & Press and established the Washington bureau of the New York Sun. Some of his other freelance work has been for the Chicago Tribune, Glamour, Deutsche Welle, Ring and BookForum. He is the founder of The Queensberry Rules, dubbed an "indispensable boxing blog" by the Wall Street Journal. He's also fond of fantasy basketball and real-life basketball — he is from Indiana, after all — and gets way too bent out of shape over people rooting against the home team or not walking on the right side of the sidewalk. Most Read Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million The 229-year-old sentence liberals hope will sink Trump Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador Conservatives put Trump on notice Trump: ‘The president can't have a conflict of interest’ 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days Judge faults State over Clinton visitor records North Carolina governor files for recount Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? Morning Cybersecurity - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 11/23/16 Tuesday, 11/22/16 Monday, 11/21/16 Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 View the Full Morning Cybersecurity Archives » Politico Magazine 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days By Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin Abolish the Office of the First Lady By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
null
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Twitter in Talks with Apple to bring NFL Live Streaming App to Apple TV | Main | Apple adds new Server Supplier in China to Reduce Costs » August 15, 2016 A Forecast of an OLED based iPad for 2018 Seems Overzealous   Last November we reported on Apple notifiying their supply chain of its plan to switch to OLED displays for future iPhones and beyond. It was truly surprising news considering that Apple's CEO downplayed OLED quality quite emphatically. During a 2013 Goldman Sachs Conference Tim Cook stated the following: "If you buy things online, you should think twice before you depend on the color of the OLED display. The Retina display is twice as bright as an OLED display." Cook added that "Some people use OLED displays, but the color saturation is awful." Yet in that same report we noted that while Cook was making that statement, Apple was working on OLED technology that was popping up in a number of patent filings. Fast forward to today and Samsung has been given the exclusive contract for OLED displays to debut on the 2017 iPhones – or at least their top end iPhones. Although LG and others will have their OLED production up and running for 2018, demand for OLED displays is now outpacing supply by a wide margin.   A new report out of Korea today states that Samsung "is not meeting requests for supplies of OLEDs that are flooding in. There is a phenomenon of scarcity of OLEDs for Smartphones," since Apple has made a deal with Samsung for future iPhones.   Samsung Display recently received a request for supply of OLEDs for Smartphones from Xiaomi but it proposed timing of supply to after second half of next year. Realistically, this supply of OLEDs will be used for new products that will come out after second half of 2018. Xiaomi is at a situation where it has to prepare a different solution since it has become difficult for Xiaomi to catch up to its competitors that are beginning to use OLEDs more.   China's VIVO and OPPO, which have grown quickly by targeting young generations between age of 20 and 30, are also going through emergencies in supply and demand of OLEDs.   In closing the report noted that "Samsung Display cannot respond to all demands from its customers since it needs to consider a possibility of lowering operation rates of its facilities as markets start to become stagnant. A fact that Apple is starting to use flexible OLEDs for its iPhones has become a clear reason why global markets are changing very quickly."   With so much pressure on the industry to catch up with OLED demand, the idea that Apple will have an iPad with a flexible OLED display by 2018 seems overzealous at minimum. But that's exactly what the securities analyst over at KGI is claiming. It's being reported that "the iPad will follow the iPhone in adopting OLED technology screens starting in 2018."   Another oddball forecast by this same analyst is that Apple will add a 10.5" iPad. While I could easily see a 10.5" iPad replacing the 9.7" model, that's not what the forecast is projecting and it sounds pretty lame to think that Apple would have two iPads models that are less than an inch apart in size without a distinct reason for it. An added inch on an iPhone makes a big difference, but on an iPad, you'd be hard pressed to notice such a change.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments.     Posted by Jack Purcher on August 15, 2016 at 06:56 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts For Six Quarters Straight Apple's iPhone has taken 91% or more of the Smartphone Industry's Profits Cook Did the Right Thing and Congratulated Trump on his Great Victory to Open the Door for Dialog Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design Sweep! Apple's iPad has Won the Last 4 Quarters as top Tablet as the Competition Piles on with new Detachables Key Component Shortages for Next-Gen Notebooks like the MacBook Pro will Push Shipments into 2017 Even in the Quickly Growing Refurbished Smartphone Market Apple's Pricing seems to be Defying Gravity Apple is Exiting the Router Business as Microsoft and D-Link work on Super Wi-Fi based on 802.11af Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Working On 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Eyeing 2017 Release 15 August 2016, 8:21 am EDT By Sumit Passary Tech Times Fascinating Facts About Steve JobsNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple may launch a trio of iPads in 2017 including a new 10.5-inch form factor, according to analysts. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to target education and commercial markets.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Apple is said to be working on three tablets for 2017, including an iPad Pro with a new form factor. iPads are one of the most popular tablets available in the market. They are available in three sizes: 7.9 inches, 9.7 inches and 12.9 inches. However, Ming-Chi Kuo, a noted analyst with KGI Securities, has released a report that suggests Apple is working on an iPad that will have a new size of 10.5 inches. Kuo believes that Apple will launch the 10.5-inch iPad Pro along with a 9.7-inch iPad and a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 sometime in 2017. "We expect three new iPads (12.9" iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5" iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7" iPad) to be launched in 2017, though this may not drive shipment growth amid structural headwinds; 2017F shipments to fall 10-20 percent YoY," says Kuo. Apple launched the 12.9-inch iPad Pro in September 2015, and it hit the shelves in November. Although the larger iPad can be used by individuals at home, it is mainly aimed at business customers. "The new iPad Pro will enable a new generation of advanced apps for everything from productivity, design, illustration, engineering and medical, to education, gaming and entertainment," says Apple. In comparison, Kuo believes that the 10.5-inch iPad model will be used mostly in education and commercial markets. The analyst also suggests that both the 10.5-inch iPad Pro and 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 will feature the A10X processor. Meanwhile, the pocket-friendly 9.7-inch iPad model may come with an A9X chip. It is also worth noting that Kuo's report does not mention anything about a refreshed 7.9-inch iPad mini, which means that either the analyst does not have any prediction for the smaller tablet or Apple may phase out the iPad mini in the near term. Apart from the trio of iPads to be launched in 2017, Kuo also gives a glimpse of what to expect in 2018. The analyst says that roughly two years from now, iFans will witness big changes. The analyst claims that Apple is likely to make "radical changes" in the iPads to be released in 2018. Customers should expect new form factors and flexible AMOLED screens in the iPads of 2018. Kuo has also reduced his 2016 iPad shipment forecast from 45 to 50 million units to 35 to 40 million units. The conservative prediction is mainly due to the lack of new models launched in this year. According to an International Data Corporation (IDC) report, the overall tablet shipment in Q2 2016 declined by about 12 percent in comparison to the same quarter of 2015, with Apple's overall tablet shipment during the quarter declining by 9 percent. Kuo believes that this trend will impact the iPad's overall sales in the near term. TAG Apple, iPad Pro, 10.5-inch iPad Pro © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Docs, Sheets And Slides With Split View And Auto-Formatting Now Look Better On iPad Pro 9.7-Inch iPad Pro Gets Powerful Logitech CREATE Keyboard, A More Affordable Apple Smart Keyboard Alternative New Apple Ad Pushes The iPad Pro As A Computer: What Do You Think? Apple iPad Pro 2 Hype: First Photos Allegedly Showing The Device Surface Online How To Save Battery Life Of iPhones And iPads Running iOS 9 From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MAIN STREET Why Thousands of People Are Buying This $100 Rubber Duck Pi Lab started out making traditional consumer electronics, but found its biggest hit with a high-tech spin on a classic children's toy. By Leigh Buchanan Leigh Buchanan is an editor-at-large for Inc. magazine. A former editor at Harvard Business Review and founding editor of Webmaster Magazine, she writes regular columns on leadership and workplace culture. @LeighEBuchanan Editor-at-large, Inc. magazine@LeighEBuchanan WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Courtesy Company Advertisement Editor's note: This tour of small businesses across the country highlights the imagination, diversity, and resilience of American enterprise. Edwin is kind and yellow and lives on Main Street. Stroll through the French doors of the neat red brick building on the west side of Carmel, Indiana, and you're in his world. There is a grass-green floor and sky-blue walls laminated with larger-than-life images of Edwin reading a book and Edwin standing, one wing extended in a gesture of welcome. On summer days when the neighborhood hosts art shows, hundreds of children crowd the small space to sing, dance, and learn along with Edwin. Edwin is a duck. Edwin looks like he just may be a hit. Since Edwin debuted in Apple Stores and Best Buy last November, his creator, Pi Lab, has sold more than 14,000 of the $100 toy. Amazon, Target, Toys "R" Us, and the independent chain Marbles will soon come onboard. Designed for ages 1 through 5, Edwin contains a Bluetooth speaker to play music, and can be manipulated through twists and taps to control an animated version of himself on screens. Children play games, sing songs, and read stories with Edwin via an ever-expanding selection of apps. At night, his head glows while lullabies, a heartbeat, or rain sounds issue soothingly from his sleek, rounded body. Named for Pi Lab co-founder Matthew Edwin MacBeth ("The name means 'faithful friend' in Old English," MacBeth says), Edwin is the first product from a business launched in 2013 to create charging cables and power bricks. MacBeth and his business partner, Don Inmon, are tickled by the pivot that instead made them shepherds of a beloved toy. "Edwin is about the Golden Rule," says Inmon. "He is very kind. He is very loyal to his group of friends. He lives as a human being, even though he is a rubber duck." Edwin's home is Carmel, anointed the best place to live in America by Money magazine in 2012. There, he is becoming a familiar sight. Periodically, a Prius-sized inflatable Edwin commands attention outside Pi Lab's storefront, where duck-emblazoned T-shirts, bibs, and onesies are also for sale. An Edwin booth pops up at events, and the duck rides in his own float in the Fourth of July parade. "The community has adopted Edwin," says Carmel mayor Jim Brainard. "He's developing into a mascot for the city." (The duck is also fond of the state capital, a half hour away. Pi Lab's website features "Edwin's Favorite Places in Indy.") For families, Edwin is an all-purpose fowl. Carmel resident Dan O'Brien bought one for his newborn daughter, Grace, who used the duck's suckably round head at first for teething. When Grace started having trouble sleeping at about 9 months, O'Brien and his wife switched on Edwin's internal nightlight and set him to play the lullaby "Twinkle" from Pi Lab's "Sleepy Time" app on a continuous loop. "Since we started putting Edwin in the crib with her, she wakes up maybe once a night, and we've been having a good string of consecutive not-waking-up-at-all nights," says O'Brien. Edwin also entertains O'Brien's older nieces and nephews when they visit: "They always say, 'Can we play the ducky game?'" And when O'Brien and his wife snag a few moments of quiet, he says, "we will put it on Spotify and throw it in the hot tub." Striving for "infinite creativity" Of Pi Lab's two founders, Inmon is the Indiana native. He grew up with electronic toys, playing with an early version of the archetypical video game Pong, for which his father soldered motherboards at a local factory. During high school, Inmon worked at Best Buy as a cashier; a few years after college he was launching new stores for the chain. In 1997, he switched to the manufacturing side of consumer electronics, helping develop and market products for Klipsch, a maker of high-end audio systems, in Indianapolis. Inmon's relationship with Apple--a corporate friend to Edwin--dates back to the 2002 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Inmon was manning the Klipsch booth, when in walked a team from Apple's retail division. They loved the products, says Inmon; and for the next few years he sold Klipsch devices--including iPod docks, computer speakers, and headphones--for resale in Apple stores. From there, he accepted a job from Apple, working in procurement. In 2008, family reasons brought Inmon back to Indiana and Klipsch. There, he met his future co-founder. MacBeth had grown up in western Pennsylvania, the child of an entrepreneurial family that founded and runs an outdoor recreational facility. After studying electrical engineering at Penn State, he worked at several audio companies before fetching up on the headphone team at Klipsch. If Inmon was the guy who knew how a product should look, sound, and feel, MacBeth was the guy who could turn that vision into reality. "We would put up concepts on the board and he would come back with a functioning prototype in a couple of days," says Inmon. "Matt, to me, was the original 3-D printer." MacBeth left Klipsch and, in 2010, joined a business called Stem Innovation that made a camera for monitoring babies, pets, and homes via an app. Inmon soon followed. After about a year, "we looked at each other," says Inmon, "and realized we had to start our own thing." They named their startup Pi Lab "because pi means infinite and lab means creativity," says Inmon. "So it is infinite creativity." Between them, the co-founders had worked on or developed around 100 products for other companies. Now they would generate their own product ideas and hire the best engineers, designers, salespeople, and marketers to bring those ideas to life. Working from offices above and behind a retail space they rented on Main Street in Carmel, they sketched concepts for 13 products, such as charging cables and power bricks. Then in 2014, wanting to do some research, Inmon traveled to a trade show in China. Enter Edwin. Ducky love Hong Kong went mad for a rubber duck. When Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman inflated a six-story-tall version of the iconic bath toy in Victoria Harbor in 2013, hundreds of thousands of people from across Asia swarmed to view and photograph it. Local hotels and restaurants created duck-related promotions. After someone inserted the oversized fowl in an iconic image from Tiananmen Square, government officials banned online searches for the term "big yellow duck." In Hong Kong a year later, Inmon took a break from the trade show floor and wandered down to the harbor. He knew nothing about Hofman's duck, which by that time was long gone. But he stumbled upon a line of roughly 300 people stretching back from a tiny booth, which, upon investigation, turned out to be selling miniature replicas of the yellow sensation. "I talked to a couple of people who spoke English, and they were just like, 'Oh! The duck was here!'" says Inmon. "I called Matt and said, 'I've got an idea.'" Back in Carmel, Inmon and MacBeth added to their portfolio of product ideas one for a toy duck with a speaker inside that interacts with educational and entertainment content via an app. They created a pitch deck for all their proposals and set up meetings with buyers at Apple, Best Buy, and other retailers. As Inmon recalls, "The buyers said, 'We really love these products, but tell us more about the duck.'" With $600,000--a combination of their own money and an angel investment--the partners got down to the duck. MacBeth began working out the technical issues: creating plastic parts on a 3-D printer and coating each prototype with silicone using a turkey baster. Because Edwin is a toy, "you need to be able to drop him, bang him around, and soak him in Cheerios, and he doesn't quit working," says MacBeth. "There are all kinds of situations that kids will run into with a toy that don't exist in the world of mainstream consumer electronics." The technology was especially challenging. Edwin's compact, buoyant body is packed with lights, a Bluetooth speaker, a thermometer (to take water temperature during bath time), and a device that tracks his movement. Sound quality had to be high despite the speaker's nontraditional exterior. "We also had to make sure he wasn't too loud," says MacBeth. "We had to make sure a child could fall asleep on Edwin without damaging their hearing." Aesthetics were equally important. Inmon and Macbeth paid close attention to everything from how far apart Edwin's eyes are spaced to how his body is angled so the water rolls off. "At first glance, you go, 'Oh yeah, that's a rubber duck,'" says Inmon. "But when you look at it a second time, you see he's got a heart on his chest. He's kind of adorable. Curious and intelligent." Onscreen and live No duck is an island. The Edwin sold in stores is a toy to be floated in bathtubs and snuggled at bedtime. But it also acts as a portal, via an app, to a world inhabited by digital Edwin and his friends. By moving the toy, children can navigate Edwin through games and stories designed to educate as well as entertain. The company currently does not charge for digital content; it will offer both free and paid apps in the future. At first, the partners, working with third-party developers, devised simple content that kept Edwin close to home. Then Apple advised them "don't limit yourself with how you set the structure for the story," says Inmon. "Edwin should be able to stand on the moon, go back in time, go to the bottom of the ocean. That opens up the door to all kinds of creativity." Pi Lab is also getting more ambitious about music. The company brought together an Indianapolis keyboardist and guitarist to write songs for Edwin, with titles like "Yeah Yeah Yum Yum Good" and "Yellow Mellow Fellow." The two also perform as The Wingmen, whose easy, jokey style Inmon compares to Flight of the Conchords. So far, their gigs have been limited to trade shows. But "if you think of properties like The Wiggles and Yo Gabba Gabba!," says Inmon, "we believe Edwin and the Wingmen have an opportunity to create an interactive live concert experience." Inmon and MacBeth are building out the Edwin product line and may develop other toys in the future. But they also haven't given up on the more utilitarian products with which they started. Ultimately, they say, Pi Lab will be a multi-product business offering the kinds of devices that plug into cell phones and sit on desks. But, like Edwin, those products will be designed to have a personality: rendered in surprising colors; fabricated from distinctive, soft materials; and given names meant to evoke a laugh. "One of our rules," says Inmon, "is that we won't make a product that doesn't makes people smile." Published on: Aug 15, 2016 Advertisement
MacUpdate Sign in or create account Toggle navigation Promo Desktop Apps for you Love Your Apps Limited time offer! $19.99 Desktop Apps for you Change the way you install and update apps with the all new MacUpdate Desktop Start Now - FREE 72% Love Your Apps for $19.99 Limited time offer! See more special offers × Welcome to MacUpdate Please sign in to your account or Sign in now Forgot password? Create new account no thanks, take me to my download TunesKit Apple Music Converter 1.2.4 13 Oct 2016 DRM removal for Apple Music. 4 Thank you for your review 34.95 $34 95 Download 3.9 MB http://www.macupdate.com/download/57492/applemusicconverter.dmg Install Now w/MacUpdate Desktop Email me when discounted:  TunesKit Next time, install TunesKit Apple Music... with 1-click Learn how MacUpdate Desktop can install apps on MacUpdate with the simple click of the icon. Plus, keep all your apps updated. Download Now or learn more TunesKit Apple Music Converter is a DRM-removal solution for Apple Music, allowing you to unlock DRM encryption from Apple Music songs and convert the protected Apple Music streams from M4P to unprotected MP3, AAC, WAV, FLAC, M4A, or M4B with ID tags preserved. It converts Apple Music files at 30X super-fast speed without any extra hardware or virtual CD driver. With this smart Apple Music DRM remover, you can freely enjoy any downloaded Apple Music audio track on non-Apple media player, even if you unsubscribe Apple Music service. What's New Version 1.2.4: Fixed the conversion error when connecting to external speaker Fixed some other minor bugs Optimized the product performance Requirements OS X 10.8 or later View Larger Similar Software Open Comparison No similar apps have been recommended yet. You can add your suggestions to the right. App Name Smile Score Suggest other similar software suggested Like this app? Be the first to add it to a collection! Create a Collection by bringing together complementary apps that have a common theme or purpose, then share it and discover new collections! + Create a Collection Leave a Review TunesKit Apple Music Converter User Discussion To leave a comment, you need to be logged in. Log in or Sign up reviews_anchor Reviews & Comments Ratings Sort by: Time | Smiles TunesKit Apple Music Converter needs a rating. Be the first to rate this app and get the discussion started! 3.5 4 Ratings Overall (4) Current Version (1.x) (4) Details Downloads 229 Version Downloads 66 Type Home Personal / Music License Shareware Date 13 Oct 2016 Platform Intel 64 / OS X Price $34.95 Load more... TunesKit Apple Music Converter is a DRM-removal solution for Apple Music, allowing you to unlock DRM encryption from Apple Music songs and convert the protected Apple Music streams from M4P to unprotected MP3, AAC, WAV, FLAC, M4A, or M4B with ID tags preserved. It converts Apple Music files at 30X super-fast speed without any extra hardware or virtual CD driver. With this smart Apple Music DRM remover, you can freely enjoy any downloaded Apple Music audio track on non-Apple media player, even if you unsubscribe Apple Music service. Version 1.2.4: Fixed the conversion error when connecting to external speaker Fixed some other minor bugs Optimized the product performance download install purchase purchase x MacUpdate Discover New Mac Apps. Save money with MacUpdate Promo & keep your Mac software secure and up-to-date with MacUpdate Desktop. Applications Hot Apps Popular Apps Education Business Utilities Development all categories... Internet Dashboard Games Drivers Home & Personal Multimedia & Design iOS Tools MacUpdate Promo MacUpdate Desktop 6 MUMenu Add/Edit App Developers Company About Us Advertise Career Opportunities Support Privacy Policy Tools + MacUpdate Promo MacUpdate Desktop 6 MUMenu Add/Edit App Developers Company + About Us Advertise Career Opportunities Support Privacy Policy
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stepping out of Steve Jobs’s shadow, Tim Cook champions the promise of Apple The Washington Post 15/08/2016 Jena McGregor © Andrew Burton/Andrew Burton for The Washington Post Apple CEO Tim Cook poses for a portrait at Apple's global headquarters in Cupertino, California. On a sleek white coffee table in Apple CEO Tim Cook’s fourth-floor office in late July, beneath framed posters of Robert F. Kennedy, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Jackie Robinson, a rose gold iPhone 6s sits in its original box. Earlier that morning, Cook had stood in front of employees at Apple headquarters and held up the phone, which a staffer had hand-delivered from a store in Beijing to commemorate a notable occasion: Apple had sold its billionth iPhone. That celebratory milestone — Cook laughs when asked by a reporter if he’ll stop counting, as McDonald’s did with its hamburgers — aptly coincides with another big moment for the technology giant’s chief executive. A few weeks later, Cook would mark the fifth anniversary of what has been the most closely watched transition of power in corporate history: On Aug. 24, 2011, just six weeks before his death, Apple’s iconic founder, Steve Jobs, permanently handed his chief operating officer the reins. “It’s been a blur in a lot of ways,” says Cook, who had filled in for Jobs during medical leaves. “It feels like it was yesterday in some respects.” It is fitting that these two milestones arrive so close together. That’s because the iPhone, launched by Jobs, has been the biggest driver of Apple’s massive growth during Cook’s tenure. It led the company to soaring valuations and accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple’s revenue in the past year. Just the tally on iPhone sales, almost $141 billion over the past four quarters, is more than the annual sales figures of Cisco, Disney and Nike — combined. But the iPhone has been a source of recent disappointment, too. In its most recent quarter, iPhone sales fell 23 percent from a year ago, contributing to a 14.6 percent drop in overall revenue. It was Apple’s second straight quarterly drop in sales after 13 years of growth. Just after Apple disclosed those results, Cook sat down with The Washington Post to discuss his first five years in one of corporate America’s most glaring spotlights. In two sprawling and self-reflective interviews — one in his office and another by phone just before he left for vacation in Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks — Cook described why the visibility of the job has been “shocking,” how he’s learned to deal with the scrutiny, and who he’s turned to for advice at pivotal moments (Warren Buffett, on his decision to return cash to shareholders, and Anderson Cooper about publicly disclosing he is gay). He spoke in candid terms about the mistakes he’s made on the way, such as his first hire to run Apple’s retail stores (“that was clearly a screw-up”). He fiercely defended Apple’s tax policies. He touched on succession planning and the importance of grooming internal candidates. He was at his most spirited when talking about privacy and the long-term future of Apple and the iPhone — calling Apple’s big presence in the smartphone industry “a privilege, not a problem” — and quieted considerably when talking about Jobs’s memory. “I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point,” he said, “but I had convinced myself that he would bounce.” Cook, 55, chooses his words carefully, taking long pauses and speaking with a slight Alabama drawl. Though he has favorite phrases — many things are “deep,” and Apple’s mission is always its “North Star” — he eschews the jargon many CEOs use. And while he’s quick to trumpet Apple, he is also unassuming, quickly noting, after saying his job can be “lonely,” that “I’m not looking for any sympathy. CEOs don’t need any sympathy.” That reflects how Cook’s imprint on Apple has often been described — making it more systematic, more transparent, more team-oriented, more humble. He has engaged on social issues more than most CEOs, writing op-eds on legislation that limits gay rights and making the extraordinary decision earlier this year to oppose the FBI’s request to unlock the San Bernardino killer’s phone. As CEO, he gets high marks for managing the company’s growth, keeping margins high and expanding further into markets such as China (Apple had four retail stores in China five years ago. Today it has 41.) He has pushed into the enterprise market, grown Apple’s product lineup and positioned Apple to make more money off the devices it’s already sold: Its services business, which includes things like iTunes, iCloud and a mobile payments service, is projected to be the size of a Fortune 100 business next year — all on its own. Apple remains the most valuable and most profitable company in the S&P 500 index. Yet as the company deals with declining sales in its major device categories and in markets like China, critics and some investors have fretted about Apple’s innovation mojo under Cook. The first all-new device during his tenure, the Apple Watch, is not yet a mega hit. The iPhone juggernaut faces a saturated smartphone market, growing competition from low-cost start-ups and longer upgrade windows from consumers. Rumored big concepts behind the curtain — such as a reported car project — appear to be years away. Some analysts say such impatience is shortsighted, and that the long-term potential for things like services, augmented reality and even a possible car could ultimately transform the way Cook’s tenure is viewed. “Investors are so finicky that they lose track of the big picture,” says Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray who covers Apple. “I think the wisdom and legacy of Tim Cook is going to be determined by what happens in the next five years.” In the conversation below, Cook looks back as well as ahead at those next five years — hinting at augmented reality but refusing to comment about a car project, saying Apple believes people love a surprise. It has been edited for length and clarity. Your first day in this job, you sent a memo to employees that said, “I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change.” Five years later, it has to have changed. What qualities of Apple are immutable, in your view? The DNA of the company is really what I was talking about there. The North Star has always been the same, which for us, is about making insanely great products that really change the world in some way — enrich people’s lives. And so our reason for being hasn’t changed. Other things do change. But that’s the thread that ties everyone together. And what has changed? The obvious things are we have more employees. The company is four times larger [by revenue since 2010]. We’ve broadened the iPhone lineup. That was a really key decision and I think a very good one. We’ve gone into the Apple Watch business, which has gotten us into wellness and in health. We keep pulling that string to see where that takes us. Lots of core technology work has been done. You’ve said you don’t want to be a traditional CEO. What do you mean by that? I think of a traditional CEO as being divorced from customers. A lot of consumer company CEOs — they’re not really interacting with consumers. I also think that the traditional CEO believes his or her job is the profit and loss, is the revenue statement, the income and expense, the balance sheet. Those are important, but I don’t think they’re all that’s important. There’s an incredible responsibility to the employees of the company, to the communities and the countries that the company operates in, to people who assemble its products, to developers, to the whole ecosystem of the company. And so I have a maybe nontraditional view there. I get criticized for it some, I recognize. But I’ve never wanted to be the stereotypical CEO. I don’t think I’d be very good at it, honestly. And I don’t think for Apple that would in the long run be good for the company. If you care about long-term shareholder return, all of these other things are really critical. You’ve got the billionth iPhone on the table here. One thing that has changed is that in 2011 about 44 percent of the company’s sales came from iPhone. Now it’s close to two-thirds. How can Apple move forward when so much of its business is tied up in the iPhone and an industry that’s cooling off? This is actually a privilege, not a problem. Think about this: What other products do you know where the ratio of people to the product, for a consumer electronics product, will be one-to-one over the long haul? I don’t think there is another one. Meaning? The global sales of PCs each year are about 275 million right now. That number’s been declining. The global market for smartphones is 1.4 billion. Over time, I’m convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone. That may take a while, and they won’t all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on Earth from a consumer electronics point of view. Look at the core technologies that make up the smartphone today and look at the ones that will be dominant in smartphones of the future — like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren’t leaving home without it today — you’re really going to be connected to it in the future. That level of performance is going to skyrocket. And there is nothing that’s going to replace it in the short term or in the intermediate term, either. I realize that the people who are focused on this 90-day clock say, “Oh, my God, the smartphone industry only grew by 1 percent or decreased by 6 percent.” You know, the global economy’s not that great right now. But if you’re in it for the long haul, this is the best market on earth. So to those who ask where’s the next big, world-changing category for Apple — it’s sitting on this $231.5 billion pile of cash — are you saying there’s nothing like the smartphone? Technology is one of these industries where every week there’s a new shiny object that people are skating to. Netbooks — look back, everybody was writing like netbooks were this unbelievable thing, everyone was asking us, “Why aren’t you making one?” Same thing with the PDA. Remember what happened with the PDA? Up and down. It was like the hula hoop. Technology is full of those. I’m not saying we’re not going to do anything else. I’m saying this is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years. So I would not want anybody to think this, oh, this “better days are behind us” thing. Some analysts have said that. And it doesn’t bother me. Because honestly, they were saying that about Apple in 2001. They were saying it in 2005. They were saying it in 2007 — this stupid iPhone, whoever dreamed up this thing? Then they were saying that we peaked in 2010, then it was 2011. We got to $60 billion [in revenue], and they said you can’t grow any more from this. Well, last year we were $230 billion. And, yes, we’re coming down some this year. Every year isn’t an up, you know. I’ve heard all of it before. And I don’t subscribe to it because it’s traditional thinking in a lot of ways: You can’t get large because you are large. How do you make the case that Apple is still a long-term growth company? In today’s products we have services [iCloud, App Store, Apple Pay and the like], which over the last 12 months grew about $4 billion to over $23 billion [in sales]. Next year we’ve said it’s going to be a Fortune 100 company in size. What else? IPad. The iPad Pro. What we saw in this past quarter is that about half of the people who are buying one are using it at work. We have an enormous opportunity in enterprise. Last year we did $25 billion or so in it around the world. We’re collaborating much better with key partners because it’s important, if you’re making a decision to use our products or anybody’s products in the enterprise, that they work well together. And so we’re working with Cisco because they’re incredible with the network infrastructure. We’re working with IBM, who’s written a number of apps. We’re working with SAP because they own the back of the house, in terms of the processing. They own three-quarters of the world’s transactions, in terms of it running on their products. And then, of course, the markets. We have done fairly well in China. India is fast-growing, but our base there is smaller. One of the big things that has held India back is the cellular infrastructure. They have two major carriers putting in a lot of investment to bring 4G. You can imagine if you didn’t have 4G today. You can’t enjoy video on a 3G. Periodically you can, but not consistently. This is a game changer. And so I look at it and say: markets? Enterprise — huge. Geographies? India is one I’ve talked about, but there are others. Products? We purposely don’t talk about that one. But you can imagine. Step back and say what’s Apple so great at? Apple is the only company that can take hardware, software and services and integrate those into an experience that’s an “aha” for the customer. You can take that and apply to markets that we’re not in today. There’s not a limitation that we can only do that in the smartphone area or in the tablet or Mac or watch area. You succeeded one of the icons of American business. What does it feel like to step into those shoes? To me, Steve’s not replaceable. By anyone. [Voice softens] He was an original of a species. I never viewed that as my role. I think it would have been a treacherous thing if I would have tried to do it. When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve. So I went into it with one thought, and then weeks later — six weeks later, whatever — Quickly. It was very quickly. [The day he died] was sort of the worst day ever. I just — I had really convinced myself. I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did. What did you think you knew about leading Apple that turned out to be wrong? There’s nothing like sitting in the chair, so to speak. I was reminded that customers have a really deep love for the company. I started just getting an avalanche of customer mail. I don’t mean complaints. Email. Positive. Negative. Points of view. Not the ‘hey, this broke, I’m mad.’ Largely not that kind of stuff. Things much deeper than that. Moved by how they were treated in a store. Lots of people have written me about FaceTime and how they could be near their mother’s or father’s bedside before they died only because of it. But what about in terms of running the company? I learned that the scrutiny was much higher than I thought. Media interest and scrutiny — social networking was taking off at that time — and so a lot of the “love,” so to speak, and interest from customers, I think, transfers to media interest as well. And so there’s a lot of visibility on the company. We can do very few things without it being reported somewhere. You and Alan Greenspan or Janet Yellen would probably have a lot to talk about. It seems like every word you say is scrutinized. How do you get used to that? You don’t. You’re both praised and criticized, and the extremes are wide — very wide. And that can happen all in a day. You build up — my skin got materially thicker after August 2011. And I don’t mean in a bad way. I don’t mean that I’m callous and don’t care. I think I’m a bit better today about compartmentalizing things and not taking everything so personally. That was just downright shocking to me, honestly. I thought the visibility went with Steve, not the company. And so I thought with a different CEO, with me, that would instantly change. It didn’t. You’ve been more outspoken on social issues than any other CEO of a company your size. Do you think companies have a responsibility to publicly take on such issues as civil rights and climate change? I think everybody has to make their own decision about it. Maybe there are compelling reasons why some people want to be silent. I think for us, though — for a company that’s all about empowering people through our products, and being a collection of people whose goal in life is to change the world for the better — it doesn’t sit right with me that you have that kind of focus, but you’re not making sure your carbon footprint isn’t poisoning the place. Or that you’re not evangelizing moving human rights forward. I think every generation has the responsibility to enlarge the meaning of human rights. I do view that a CEO today of Apple should participate in the national discussion on these type of issues. Who were you thinking about when you decided to write the op-ed where you publicly came out as gay? I was thinking about kids. I was getting notes from kids who knew I was gay, or assumed I was, because of something they had read on the Web. And they were kids who were distraught. Some had been pushed out by their families. They thought they couldn’t achieve anything. They couldn’t do anything. They were seeing the national discourse around it and feeling isolated and depressed. And I just thought — I’ve got to do something. And you speaking out would do what? I thought it would minimally say you can do pretty good in this world and be gay. That it’s not a limiter. It’s okay to be. That it’s okay to be honest about it. I figured if I could help one person, it would be worth it. It had been planned for quite a long time. It was not something that was done in a moment, by any means. It was probably a year. Just thinking through what to say, how to say it, where to say it, how to do that in a way that advanced what I was trying to do. I wanted it to be in a business [publication]. That’s what I know, that’s who I am. There was a lot of work there. I visited people. I talked to Anderson Cooper at length — multiple times. Because I thought that the way that he handled his announcement was really classy. I was getting advice from people who I thought were really great people who had really deeply thought about it. There are few jobs in corporate America that have the same scope, breadth and size as yours. Geopolitics. National security. Consumer retail. Global supply chains. The entertainment industry. It’s mind-boggling. Where do you turn to for advice? Whoever I think can help me. When I was going through [the question of] what should we do on returning cash to shareholders, I thought who could really give us great advice here? Who wouldn’t have a bias? So I called up Warren Buffett. I thought he’s the natural person, and so I try to go through that process on everyone. That doesn’t mean I always do what they say. But I think it’s incumbent on a CEO to not just listen to points of view but to actually solicit them. Because I think, if not, you quickly become insular. And you’re sort of living in the echo chamber. Who else? For the hearing [in 2013 before the U.S. Senate’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations about Apple’s tax practices], I’ve never testified in front of Congress before. So I called up [Goldman Sachs CEO] Lloyd Blankfein, because I looked back to say who’s done this before? I knew Lloyd and thought he’d be honest with me. He gave me great advice. I called up President Clinton. He knows a lot about the politics. I’d not met him through a political connection. I’d met him through the foundation. And he was great. I went to Laurene, Steve’s wife. Laurene has the lens of knowing me and deeply understanding Apple. And so, obviously, I get a lot of advice internal to Apple. But I think it’s important on these things that are also new to the company to solicit some people outside, even if you conclude to not do what they say. With the fight with the FBI, did you have any idea what you were getting into? We knew it was going to be very, very difficult. And that the cards were stacked against us. But we spent a lot of time on “what is right here?” People who were really key on this decision are folks like [senior vice president of software engineering] Craig Federighi. This at its heart is a deep, deep technical question. You first have to understand that to do anything else. The lightbulb went off, and it became clear what was right when we did the first piece of work: Could we create a tool to unlock the phone? After a few days, we had determined yes, we could. Then the question was, ethically, should we? We thought, you know, that depends on whether we could contain it or not. Other people were involved in this, too — deep security experts and so forth, and it was apparent from those discussions that we couldn’t be assured. The risk of what happens if it got out, we felt, could be incredibly terrible for public safety. We knew the positioning on the outside would not be public safety. It would be security vs. privacy — security should win. But we went through the deep, deep, deep discussions on that. It became clear that the trade-off, so to speak, was essentially putting hundreds of millions of people at risk for a phone that may or may not have anything on it, and that likely didn’t, because of other things that we knew about. We thought this actually is a clear decision. A hard one, but a clear one. Then it became more of a matter of how do we explain this. Because this is not easy. You can imagine. You just hear: locked phone. Terrorist. People dead. Why aren’t you unlocking this? Did the FBI fight change how you view the mandate of your job? Customers should have an expectation that they shouldn’t need a PhD in computer science to protect themselves. So I think they depend on us to do some things on their behalf. So with that responsibility comes an obligation to stand up. And, in this case, it was unbelievably uncomfortable and not something that we wished for, wanted — we didn’t even think it was right. Honestly? I was shocked that they would even ask for this. That was the thing that was so disappointing that I think everybody lost in the whole thing. There are 200-plus other countries in the world. Zero of them had ever asked this. You’ve talked about privacy being part of Apple’s values. How personal is it for you? You’re known as a very private person. You grew up gay in a red state. Did those early years have an impact on how you lead Apple and on your public stances about privacy? Undoubtedly, your childhood and your upbringing is a constant across your life in terms of the things you learn and your point of view. But in terms of privacy, I wouldn’t link the two. There’s a broader thing in play. Privacy, in my point of view, is a civil liberty that our Founding Fathers thought of a long time ago and concluded it was an essential part of what it was to be an American. Sort of on the level, if you will, with freedom of speech, freedom of the press. The other thing is how all this data sits out there in different places. I do worry about people not really understanding deeply about what kinds of things are out there about them. So it’s really both of those — not really the growing up in the South. Back in 2009, you said, “We believe in saying no to thousands of projects.” Name one product or project in the past five years you have put on the shelf. [Laughs]. I don’t know if I want to do that, because it gives competition some heads-up about things. But be assured that we have. More than one. Because the wonderful thing about Apple is there are many ideas about doing things. We have resources to do a few, but you can only do a few things deep and well, and so you have to say no and have debates about what things are in versus out. So more than one big thing has left the page. When you look back, are there mistakes you’ve made that you’ve learned something from? Maps was a mistake. Today we have a product we’re proud of. But we had the self-honesty to admit this wasn’t our finest hour and the courage to choose another way of doing it. That’s important. It’s the only way an organization learns. The classic big-company mistake is to not admit their mistake. They double down on them. Their pride or ego is so large that they can’t say we did something wrong. And I think the faster you do that, the better — change gears to something else. If you’re honest, people will give you the benefit of the doubt. But if you have your head stuck in the sand and you just keep doing it, I think you lose your employees and your customers as well. Replay Video How does the intelligence community view the Obama Administration and President-elect Donald Trump? During a Facebook Live discussion, Washington Post national security correspondent Greg Miller explained how the intelligence community views the Obama Administration and President-elect Donald Trump. The Washington Post Trump defends his 'very organized' transition process President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter on Nov. 16, denouncing reports of disorganization within his transition team. Speculation has been mounting since the head of the team was removed and top appointments in Trump's administration remain unannounced. The Washington Post 2009: Key moments from President Obama’s speech in Cairo On June 4, 2009, President Obama called for a “new beginning” between the Islamic world and the U.S. during a speech at Cairo University. The Washington Post Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume What else? I hired the wrong person for retail [former Dixons CEO John Browett] initially. That was clearly a screw-up. I’m not saying anything bad about him. He didn’t fit here culturally is a good way to describe it. We all talked to him, and I made the final decision, and it was wrong. We fairly quickly recognized it and made a change. And I’m proud we did that. A lot of companies would have said, “Oh, he hasn’t been here very long.” But when you’re looking at more time with [then] 50,000 people in retail — that’s a lot of people that you’re affecting in the wrong way. That was a mistake. I probably have a long list. The adage that it’s lonely — the CEO job is lonely — is accurate in a lot of ways. I’m not looking for any sympathy. You have to recognize that you have blind spots. We all do. Blind spots move, and you want to not just have really bright people around you, but people who will push on you and people to bring out the best in you. People that amplify whatever you’re good at. And then also the people who plug the parts that you’re not and may never be. What are you reading? I have two books going right now: One is the Bobby Kennedy book [“Bobby Kennedy: The Making of a Liberal Icon,” by Larry Tye] that just came out. The other is quite an old book. It’s a Gandhi book [“Mohandas K. Gandhi, Autobiography: The Story of My Experiments With Truth”] that I got interested in because we went to the Gandhi museum when we were in India recently. I tend to like nonfiction and particularly reading about people and how they lived and how they fought, and what motivated them and their philosophy and so forth. When Steve handed you the reins, he said Apple had never had an orderly transition of CEO, and he wanted that to happen. What are you doing now to make sure the next transition, whenever it happens, is orderly? At the end of every board meeting, I discuss succession with the board because I might step off the wrong curb or something. We have the good discipline to do that. Then my role is to make sure that the board has great candidates to pick from internally. And I take that role extremely seriously. Look around at the great people I get to work with — there’s some really just superb talent in the company. Replay Video How does the intelligence community view the Obama Administration and President-elect Donald Trump? During a Facebook Live discussion, Washington Post national security correspondent Greg Miller explained how the intelligence community views the Obama Administration and President-elect Donald Trump. The Washington Post Trump defends his 'very organized' transition process President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter on Nov. 16, denouncing reports of disorganization within his transition team. Speculation has been mounting since the head of the team was removed and top appointments in Trump's administration remain unannounced. The Washington Post 2009: Key moments from President Obama’s speech in Cairo On June 4, 2009, President Obama called for a “new beginning” between the Islamic world and the U.S. during a speech at Cairo University. The Washington Post Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume micrYou’ve made more acquisitions at Apple, including the purchase of Beats, which was its largest ever, at $3 billion. At its current size, does Apple need big acquisitions like that to grow? Do we need them? No. But we always are looking for companies that have really talented people and great intellectual property, and when we find them we do acquire them. To put that into context, we’ve acquired 15 to 20 companies a year for the last four years. Do you think there will be more at that size going forward? I think we’ll continue to acquire companies. If you’re asking me would we do another one the size of Beats — Or bigger? You certainly could. We clearly are capable of doing it both from a management-depth point of view and a financial point of view. But we’d only do it if it were great for Apple strategically. We don’t acquire for revenue. So the essential for us is the talent and/or [intellectual property]. Those are the things that we optimize around. Now with Beats, we also got revenue. But it wasn’t the purpose of it. The purpose was that we were going into streaming — we’d already made a decision to do that. And we looked around at people who might be able to help us. I think we got Apple Music out probably a little sooner than we would have otherwise. It’s infused some great talent on the team. Sales in greater China were down 33 percent in the most recent quarter. Low-cost competitors like Huawei are getting into building premium phones. Let’s talk about China. How much are you worried about competitive and regulatory threats there? We make our investment decisions based on long term. We have to report every 90 days because that’s the rules, but it’s not how we run the company. So as I look in the long term, I think China is an unbelievable market — not only from a demand point of view and the revenue potential there, but also as a great source of talent. We have over a million and a half developers there. The reach is unbelievable. There are, sort of, speed bumps now with the economy. In a year-ago quarter, we were up 112 percent. So I think you have to back up and put it in perspective. If you look at it over a two-year basis, we were up over 50 percent in the quarter. We were talking about getting advice from people before your first testimony on Capitol Hill. That hearing focused on the corporate taxes Apple pays. Apple is now awaiting a European Union ruling on whether you owe billions in back taxes, and corporate tax reform is a big election-year issue. Does either a Trump or a Clinton campaign give you or the company any hope that there could be corporate tax reform anytime soon? I think it’s in the best interest of the U.S. to have corporate tax reform, regardless of which political party is in charge of the White House. Because if you look at it, the U.S. rules today are that international companies like us and many others can keep their earnings that they earn overseas overseas, and then when they bring them back it triggers the tax liability. What I’ve always felt should happen is that every dollar should be taxed immediately with no deferral. But as a consequence of doing that, you should have free flow of capital. What would happen is if a system like that were put in place, it should have more investment going into the United States. We’re the only major country in the world that has a system like this. It’s not good for the U.S., it’s not good for the economy, it’s not good for jobs, it’s not good for investments. I think there’s wide agreement to that in both parties, by the way. There’s a difference of view with different people about how to fix it, but I think everybody agrees the current system isn’t working. So I’m optimistic that, in 2017, there will be some sort of corporate tax reform. The U.S. needs to invest more in infrastructure — so what would be great is, if they take the tax proceeds of a corporate tax reform and invest it in infrastructure and roads and bridges and airports. What do you say in response to Nobel economist Joseph Stiglitz’s comments on Bloomberg [television], where he called Apple’s profit reporting in Ireland a “fraud”? I didn’t hear it. But if anybody said that, they don’t know what they’re talking about. Let me explain what goes on with our international taxes. The money that’s in Ireland that he’s probably referring to is money that is subject to U.S. taxes. The tax law right now says we can keep that in Ireland or we can bring it back. And when we bring it back, we will pay 35 percent federal tax and then a weighted average across the states that we’re in, which is about 5 percent, so think of it as 40 percent. We’ve said at 40 percent, we’re not going to bring it back until there’s a fair rate. There’s no debate about it. Is that legal to do or not legal to do? It is legal to do. It is the current tax law. It’s not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. It doesn’t go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are. And so what we’ve said — we think it’s fine for us to pay more, because right now we’re paying nothing on that and we leave it over there. But we — like many, many other companies do — wait for the money to come back. In the meantime, it’s important to look at what we do pay. Our marginal rate, our effective rate in the U.S. is over 30 percent. We are the largest taxpayer in the United States. And so we’re not a tax dodger. We pay our share and then some. We don’t have these big loopholes that other people talk about. The only kind of major tax credit that we get is the R&D tax credit, which is available to all companies in the United States. That’s important to know. The second thing I would point out is we have money internationally because we have two-thirds of our business there. So we earn money internationally. Do you feel picked on by the E.U.? You know, they haven’t ruled yet. I don’t know how they will rule. I hope that we get a fair hearing. If we don’t, then we would obviously appeal it. It’s important for everyone to understand that the allegation made in the E.U. is that Ireland gave us a special deal. Ireland denies that. The structure we have was applicable to everybody — it wasn’t something that was done unique to Apple. It was their law. And the basic controversy at the root of this is, people really aren’t arguing that Apple should pay more taxes. They’re arguing about who they should be paid to. And so there’s a tug of war going on between the countries of how you allocate profits. Let’s jump to Apple’s future. You made some statements in the earnings call about artificial intelligence that got a lot of attention. Can Apple catch up with the AI efforts from companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon? Let me take exception to your question. Your question seems to imply that we’re behind. Let’s take a look at that. We’ve been shipping Siri since 2011, and Siri is with you all of the time. Which I think most people would want an assistant with them all the time, whether they’re at work or at home or in between or on the soccer field. You don’t think of your to-do list, so to speak, only when you’re in your kitchen. And the breadth of Siri is unbelievable. Increasingly, Siri understands things obviously without having to memorize certain ways to say things. The prediction of Siri is going way up. What we’ve done with AI is focus on things that will help the customer. And we announced in June that we’re opening Siri to third parties, so third-party developers can now use Siri. So a simple example with that, whatever kind of ride-sharing app you might use, Uber or Lyft in the United States, you could just — using your voice — order the car. So third-party developers are writing tons of those that will be available to the public in the fall. And that’s how we’re broadening Siri in a huge way. But there are other things in there, like if you’re typing in mail, the prediction capability of the next word or next phrase that you will use has just — Siri has gotten a lot smarter about that. The simple things, like do you drive to the airport? I haven’t done that in a little while, but when I did, I always forgot where I put my car. I just take a picture of the sign on the wall. But you don’t even have to do that anymore because Siri will know where you parked. And so things like this really make a difference to people — we do all of that while protecting your privacy. Instead of passing all that information to the cloud, where we’re maintaining it all, we do a lot of it on the device itself. So you’re in control of your own data. Do you have a concern about privacy as you push into AI? No. I think that talented people can come up with fantastic ways of using AI without violating privacy. There’s a new technology called differential privacy which essentially looks at large data sets to predict user behaviors and requests without going to the precise individual, which might violate privacy. Now there are some things that we do look at — like if you buy songs, it’s a reasonable expectation that we know what songs you buy because you buy them from us. And we use that information with machine learning to recommend other songs you might like. What about augmented or virtual reality? I think AR [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about. [Laughs.] You mentioned earlier about how much more difficult it is to keep things secret. There’s been a number of reports about Apple’s car project — the people who are being hired or moved into place to lead it. It gets enough attention that it almost seems like an open secret. Why not say something about it? I can’t answer a question about something we haven’t announced. [Laughs.] But there’s just constant attention about it. Is it tempting to share any kind of details? We’ve always viewed that people love surprises. We don’t have enough anymore in our lives. Sometimes it seems like Silicon Valley companies are all blending together — everyone’s converging on the same big race. Self-driving cars, AI, Google is reportedly building a smartphone. In a tech industry where companies are trying to be “all things to all people,” how does Apple’s longtime philosophy of simplicity, and being very focused, move it forward? It’s as important as it ever was. We’re a bit larger today, so we can do a bit more than we could do 10 years ago or even five years ago. But we still have, for our size, an extremely focused product line. You can literally put every product we make on this table. That really is an indication of how focused it is. I think that’s a good thing. Regardless of who you are, there’s only so many things that you can do at a very high-quality and deep, deep level — personally and in business. And so we’re not going to change that. That’s core to our model and way of thinking. Apple has really ramped up spending in research and development. One analyst noted your [incremental] R&D is now greater than the 14 largest automakers, combined. What’s the most exciting technology out there to you right now? That one I don’t want to answer, because it would give too much of an insight into the things we’re doing. But we have ramped up R&D because we are heavily investing in the future — both in current product lines and things that aren’t visible as well, including in services. In due time, some of those things will be visible. But there will always be other things that will replace those things that are invisible. Any final reflections on your tenure? Moments that stuck out at you? I’ve got the best job in the world. I think about my day and weeks and months and years — I put them in three buckets: people, strategy and execution. I sort of move between those on a daily basis as to where I put my time. I always think the most important one of those is people. If you don’t get that one right, it doesn’t matter what kind of energy you have in the other two — it’s not enough. Go to MSN Home More in News The slow-burning hatred that led Thomas Mair to murder Jo Cox The Guardian Autumn Statement: The key points at a glance Sky News Somewhere around the rainbow: Rare sight caught on camera Press Association World's tallest water slide to close after 10-year-old boy was killed Press Association Grindr killings chef Stephen Port guilty of four murders Sky News Teen arrested after undercover cop stabbed in stomach in alley Evening Standard Up Next White supremacist will die in jail for murdering pro-EU MP Jo Cox Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post Why are South Koreans so angry about presidential ‘Choi-gate?’ Here are 4 reasons. The Washington Post These maps show how Russia has Europe spooked The Washington Post Gov. Nikki Haley tapped to be Trump’s U.N. ambassador The Washington Post Bei Bei, the zoo’s ‘baby’ panda, is growing up The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw HPE core servers and storage under pressure Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Not fake news: Facebook reinvents SVG Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers Telegram API ransomware wrecked three weeks after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers More like this Apple iPhone Tim Cook Business Tim Cook's answer to crashing iPhone sales: More iPhones Sat on your sofa in India? He knows what you need 15 Aug 2016 at 13:26, Gavin Clarke Gavin Clarke Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Oracle Recent Articles OpenStack-flinger Mirantis signs landmark NTT deal UK fintech firm reaches for Ireland Brexit escape hatch Google lights toasty price war under S3's hot and cold data bits Apple’s plan to tackle the great iPhone sales slump is for it to produce, yes, more iPhones. CEO Tim Cook, in a scripted Q&A with the Washington Post, dismissed the six-month drop-off in sales of iPhones – and slowing smartphone sales in general. Apple is now expected to release the iPhone 7 in September. Cook reckons smartphones are equivalent to TVs, in that people will own more than one, with consumers unable to resist buying them thanks to features such as Siri. In a swipe at Wall Street, which has punished Apple’s stock price on the back of falling iPhone sales, Cook reckoned this is a long haul. He is counting on growth in India, where there’s a potential to replace a market dominated by feature and flip phones. India is the new China, as growth in the latter has slowed. Apple’s stock, meanwhile, has seen been at its lowest in two years as Wall Street worries about iPhone sales. Cook told the Washington Post, here: Over time, I’m convinced every person in the world will have a smartphone. That may take a while, and they won’t all have iPhones. But it is the greatest market on earth from a consumer electronics point of view. Features will drive sales – including artificial intelligence, i.e. personal assistants – and device performance stats that Cook reckoned will “skyrocket”. I realize that the people who are focused on this 90-day clock say, “Oh, my God, the smartphone industry only grew by one per cent or decreased by six per cent.” You know, the global economy’s not that great right now. But if you’re in it for the long haul, this is the best market on earth. What’s next from Apple, then? After five years under Cook, arguably the biggest new thing we’ve seen from Apple is yet another iPhone. Cook and Co have delivered six new makes of iPhone, with a further four derivations based on the overall brand. Differences revolve around newer hardware, size and new software. There’s been no product “moment” – no Jobsian move of the Mac from Power to Intel, no introduction of the iPhone or announcement of the iPad. Asked by the WP whether Cook was saying there’s nothing like a smartphone, he said: I’m not saying we’re not going to do anything else. I’m saying this is still an unbelievable product category to be in, and not just for this quarter, year or for years. So I would not want anybody to think this, oh, this “better days are behind us” thing. Apple closed 2015 on a big high: claiming record growth in China for Q4 thanks to new iPhones – sales for which were up 71 per cent, with 40 per cent growth in iPhone sales. But 71 per cent in Q4 became an 11 per cent fall in sales in China in Apple’s first quarter of 2016. The iPhone accounts for two-thirds of Apple’s business and sales were down 15 per cent to 40.4 million in the three months reported in July. iPhone revenue fell 23 per cent to $24bn. Apple started 2016 with iPhone sales falling 16 per cent in the first three months of the year to 51.2m units, with revenue down 18 per cent to $32.9bn. Q1 wasn’t just the first time sales of iPhones fell but the result helped upset Apple’s corporate sums, notching up the first fall in revenue in 13 years. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 79 Comments Whitepapers OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its analytic cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight US telecoms industry weighs up the Trump effect Forget 'shadow IT' – it's 'self-starting IT' now Facebook Fake News won it for Trump? That's a Zombie theory The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Apple Will Apple make a curved iPad in 2018? Noted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo also claims Apple will release three new iPads in 2017. By Alistair Charlton August 15, 2016 14:31 BST Apple will release three new versions of the iPad in 2017, analyst claimsApple Apple will announce three new iPads in 2017, including an all-new 10.5in model, according to renowned technology analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The new tablets will include an update to the 12.9in iPad Pro, as well as a "low-cost" 9.7in iPad and one with a 10.5in screen, a size never before used by Apple. There will also likely be an update to the 9.7in iPad Pro. In a research report obtained by MacRumors, Kuo makes no mention to the iPad Mini which, with its 7.9in screens falls between the 5.5in iPhone 7 Plus and larger iPads. It has been suggested elsewhere that Apple could be preparing to scrap the Mini due to the increasing ability of the largest iPhone. Kuo said that, despite the new and varied lineup, this won't be enough to reverse falling demand for tablets from Apple and other manufacturers. "We expect three new iPads (12.9in iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5in iPad Pro and low-cost 9.7in iPad) to be launched in 2017, though this may not drive shipment growth amid structural headwinds; 2017 shipments to fall 10-20% year-on-year." The new 10.5in iPad will likely find a home in the commercial and education sectors, Kuo claims. Looking further ahead, to 2018, Kuo predicts Apple is to make "revolutionary" changes to the iPad range, including a "radical" aesthetic redesign. A "revolutionary iPad model [is] likely to be introduced in 2018 at the earliest, with radical changes in form factor design and user behaviour on adoption of flexible AMOLED panel." An AMOLED screen would be a major upgrade to the LCD panels currently used by all versions of iPad. AMOLED screens can produce brighter, richer colours and darker, deeper blacks. Being flexible, this could lead to iPads with curved screens, like on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. More technology news from IBTimes UK US politicians braced for more distress as hacker plans to dump 'major trove' of data to WikiLeaks Tim Cook opens up about running Apple, privacy, Steve Jobs, but remains silent on car rumours P100: Tesla Model S and Model X are about to get a boost in electric range Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... Black Friday 2016: Best headphone deals and discounts Black Friday brings money off top headphone and earphone brands like... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Special Report Iran-backed Shia militias tried to launch a charm offensive - but Isis had other ideas About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
