null
facebook tweet rss Home CONSOLE PC CHEATS/GUIDES MOBILE TECH MOVIES/TV VIDEOS ‘FIFA 17’ Latest News & Update: Patch Notes 2 Fixes Player Faces; Will EA Sports Add More Player Models? More Details Revealed! Xbox Insider Program News & Updates: Microsoft Rolls Out To All Xbox One Owners ‘Scalebound' Release Date, News & Update: New Game Allows Players to Control and Customize Their Own Dragons Chinese Satellite Wukong Identifies More Than 1.6 Billion Dark Matter Particles; What We Know About DAMPE Here See More XBOX PLAYSTATION NINTENDO Xbox Insider Program News & Updates: Microsoft Rolls Out To All Xbox One Owners GameStop Black Friday News & Update: 2016 Deals Leaked Ahead of Big Sale Event; Enjoy Savings on Xbox One, PS4 & Nintendo NES Classic News & Updates: Nintendo Runs Out Of Stock, When Will They Make More? Find Out Here! 'Warframe' Gameplay, Latest News & Update: 'The War Within' Update Now Live; New Armor & Weaponry See More 'League of Legends' Pre-Season 7 Assassins Rework: LeBlanc, Rengar, Katarina, Talon, & Many More! 'League of Legends' Update: Lux New Ultimate Tier Skin Elementalist Lux, Designs, Interactions, & More! 'Minecraft' Windows 10, Pocket Version Latest News & Update: Beta Version Coming For Android Users? Elytra Wings, 256-High Buildings [Details] 'Warframe' Gameplay, Latest News & Update: 'The War Within' Update Now Live; New Armor & Weaponry See More ‘Stranger Things’ Season 2 Air Date, Spoilers, News & Update: Levy Confirmed Season 3, New Cast Added 'Dishonored 2' Ultimate Guide: Kill All Clockwork Soldiers, Earn Trophies [Pt. 1] ‘Dishonored 2’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: Unlock All Safes On the First Three Chapters; Guide to Locations, Combination Keys & Loot Contents 'Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2' Cheats, Tips & Tricks: New Hacks Unlocks All Game Characters; Play in God Mode, Unlock Infinite Money, Ki! See More iOS ANDROID APPS ACCESSORIES/CASES Apple iPhone 8 Release Date, Rumors & Updates: iPhone 8 Could Bring Truly Wireless Charging -- From 15 Feet Away! Samsung’s Foldable Smartphone Tipped On Track For 2017: Detailed Patent Reveals Design And Features 'Pokemon Go' Latest News & Updates: Niantic Plans Already Coming Into Play? 2016 Analysis, Lapras in Japan & More! OnePlus 4 Release Date, Specs & Updates: Flagship Device Could Launch Next Year; Is It Ready for the Android War? See More TECH Chinese Satellite Wukong Identifies More Than 1.6 Billion Dark Matter Particles; What We Know About DAMPE Here Apple iPhone 8 Release Date, Rumors & Updates: iPhone 8 Could Bring Truly Wireless Charging -- From 15 Feet Away! Samsung’s Foldable Smartphone Tipped On Track For 2017: Detailed Patent Reveals Design And Features OnePlus 4 Release Date, Specs & Updates: Flagship Device Could Launch Next Year; Is It Ready for the Android War? See More Coldplay Latest News & Update: Beyonce Snubs Duet Track? Chris Martin Explains Why Jared Leto, Margot Robbie Relationship: Reel To Real - 'Suicide Squad' Joker, Harley Quinn Dating In Real Life? Secret Escapades Around New York? ‘The Croods 2' Release Date, News & Updates: Universal Kills The Croods, Will They Ever See The Light Of Day? Demi Lovato, Wilmer Valderrama Split: 'That 70's Show' Actor Planning To Rekindle Romance With 'Neon Lights' Singer? Luke Rockhold Just A Rebound? See More WALKTHROUGHS TRAILERS The #BestDayEver Chappie - Hologram Press Conference - Berlin to Ma... Ecostralis Product London & Partners and The Brooklyn Brothers launch... See More iOS 10 Release Date, News & Update: Apple Update Stumps Pangu Jailbreak; iOS 10.0.2 Jailbreak Unlikely? Oct 15, 2016 12:30 PM EDT | By Mia P. email print Sign Up for GamenGuide's Newsletter and never miss out on our most popular stories. The upcoming iOS 10 Jailbreak tool is expected to arrive anytime soon. (Photo: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images) Pangu seems to be losing the battle for piracy in jailbreaking the iOS 10 as Apple is now cracking down. Pangu and other group of hackers are continuously being stumped  by the tech giant company as they still can't figure out how to jailbreak the latest update. The iOS 10.0.2 is the most up-to-date operating system of Apple. However, hackers from all over the world seem unhappy as the company is not giving them enough time. In a nutshell, the latest update has impressively covered up whatever security-related weak spots of the previous version. The new iOS 10.0.2 was released in a bid to solve the call audio issue of both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Prior to this version, the old update iOS 10.0.1 solved the security exploit. A lot of Apple fans were already excited with the rumors circulating online about Pangu being close to finally jailbreaking the iOS 10. Unfortunately, the rumors just remain rumors and everything just fell apart when the iOS 10.0.1 was released. The iOS 10.0.1 scrapped everything in the previous progress, forcing Pangu and other hackers to begin all over again from scratch. The iOS 10.0.2, on the other hand, also did the same but this time, hackers will not even have ample time to reach at least half of the progress they already had prior to the iOS 10.0.1 update, Tech Crunch reported. Essentially, it takes a lot of time and huge effort for tech savvy people to manage jailbreaking the iOS. But with the tech giant's speed and effort in pushing out updates to combat all attempted hacks against the iOS, a jailbreak seems to be hard to achieve at the moment. Pangu, TaiG, and other popular hacker groups haven't said anything yet with regard to the iOS 10 jailbreak. Watch video about iOS 10.0.2 Jailbreak STATUS! Features & Changes from iOS 10 TagsiOS 10, iOS 10 Jailbreak, ios 10 jailbreak news, ios 10 jailbreak update, iOS 10 Jailbreak Pangu, iOS 10.0.2 Jailbreak, iOS 10 news, iOS 10 Update You May Like These Boombaya 64G Flash Drive Memory Stick For iPhone iPad Air Mini iPod i - Flash U Disk Gold Double Plug USB Android system More offers Shop Now Ivishow Car Wifi Mirabox Wireless Airplay Miracast DLNA Allshare Cast Screen Mirroring for Smart Mobile Phones RCA Output for Car Video GPS (Mira 5G) $118.66 More offers Shop Now HDMI Cable,6.4Ft MHL To HDMI Cable 1080P HDTV Adapter with Lightning Connector for iPhone 5 5S 6 6s plus Need Personal Hotspot Black (Not Support iPad ,IOS 10) More offers Shop Now Tolako Serial Port Wireless Bluetooth 4.0 Module With Logic Level Conversion for Arduino $12.89 More offers Shop Now Related Articles Samsung Galaxy S8 2017 Release Date, News & Update: Dual Screen Sizes, Siri-Like ... 'GTA 5 Biker' DLC Release Date, News & Update: How To Get Limitless Money (Glitc ... 'Stitchers' Season 3 Air Date, Spoilers, News & Update: Show Renewal Confirmed; ... 'Power Rangers' Movie Air Date, Spoilers, News & Update: How Different The Movie ... Chinese Satellite Wukong Identifies More Than 1.6 Billion Dark Matter Particles; ... Get the Most Popular Gamenguide Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 Game & Guide All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Join the Conversation Share on GamenGuide.com facebook tweet rss Subscribe to our newsletter Please provide a valid email address Most Popular 'Beholder' Latest News And Update: Experience Living In A Totalitarian State, As Landlord The Choice Between Good And Evil Is In You Nintendo Entertainment System: Classic Edition Latest News & Updates: Details On The Console's Sepcifiactions; Already Sold Out? Sony PlayStation Latest News & Update : Involvement In 2016 Display Record Of Exhibitors; Call Of Duty World League To Join Congress! 'Dishonored 2' Ultimate Guide: Kill All Clockwork Soldiers, Earn Trophies [Pt. 1] 'Skate 3' Latest News & Update: The Game To Be Available On Xbox One Backward Compatibility, Everything That We Need To Know! 'Cyberpunk 2077' News & Updates: Is The Game Coming Anytime Soon? Find Out Here! Nintendo's Mini NES Sold Out; Company Promises To Produce More Before Holidays! ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ News & Update: New Raid Quest Will Feature Janemba; Join Quest & Earn Hercule Badge! ‘Civilization 6’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: How to Dominate Early in the Game; Locations, Scouting, Trading; Other Hacks, Guidelines & Secrets Revealed ‘Dishonored 2’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: Unlock All Safes On the First Three Chapters; Guide to Locations, Combination Keys & Loot Contents © 2016 GAMENGUIDE All rights reserved. About  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Notice  |  Advertise with us
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Mobile Apps / Robots Can Organize Your Photos Certifications that stand out Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> Robots Organize Your Photos, So You Can Procrastinate By Anick Jesdanun PUBLISHED: OCTOBER 15 2016 If you're like many people, you have thousands of photos on your phone, long forgotten after you've posted a few on Instagram or Facebook. They don't have to stay forgotten. Apple and Google are both applying a form of artificial intelligence called "machine learning" to organize your pictures and video -- and along the way, help you rediscover last year's vacation, dinner with close friends and a casual summer outing to the park. Apple's tools are part of last month's iOS 10 system update for iPhones and iPads. The Google Photos app for Apple and Android devices has a digital assistant to automatically organize these memories -- and Google signaled last week that it will only get smarter. And on Wednesday, Google introduced additional features for rediscovery. Here's a look at how they take you down memory lane: Apple's Memories Apple's new Memories feature automatically generates video highlights around a theme, such as a trip or birthday party. Individual photos and snippets from video are chosen for you, as is the music, though you can change it to reflect a different mood. This isn't just a slideshow. There's slow zooming and panning, reminiscent of Ken Burns historical documentaries. Some of the photos also come to life, at least on newer iPhones that automatically take three seconds of video with every photo. When you're ready to share, the app creates a standard movie file -- so it works on Windows and Android devices, too. For me, Apple's app created a "Florida to Illinois" package for a three-week trip in January and one for a day trip to Philadelphia last November. But Apple goes beyond date and location. Apple created a "Together" package for shots with family over the past two years. It also created an "At The Beach" package with beach photos since 2013. Other scenic themes could include mountains, lakes and sunsets. Apple offers up to three new Memories a day. You can create more based on photos you add to an album and generate new automated ones by scrolling down to "Related." You can also add or delete images within Memories -- in my experience, a few included mundane screenshots I had to get rid of. Nothing will ever replace the human touch. But let's face it, even though I keep meaning to organize my photos, I never find the time. The machine-generated selections aren't necessarily ones I'd choose myself, but with a small amount of tweaking, they're presentable and will tide me over until I get around to catching up manually ... someday. Google's Assistant Google Photos has been at this longer and offers more types of packages. With collages, Google combines smaller versions of several shots into one layout . Animations combine a bunch of photos taken in succession so that they resemble as a moving image . Unlike typical "GIF" animation files, Google applies its magic to align successive shots, so buildings and bridges look steady -- without the shake common with handheld video. Google also offers albums and video highlights, though without the Ken Burns effect. Google's Assistant generates much of this for you automatically. You can edit auto-generated albums and video highlights, but not collages or animation -- although you can create your own from scratch. (That does defeat the purpose of letting the robots do the work, though.) Sharing is easy and doesn't require recipients to have Google Photos. The results vary in quality. I tend to take several shots of the same subject, just in case some are blurry. Yet I get collages and animations out of those repetitive shots. The albums and video highlights I got are grouped by location and date, though Google says it will be doing more with themes , such as following a kid growing up. Most of my computer-generated creations are animations and collages. As with Apple, Google's choices aren't necessarily ones I'd make, if only I had the time. But some are good enough that I look forward to alerts for new ones to check out. I also enjoyed a feature called "Rediscover this day." Google will automatically create collages from shots taken on a day, say, two years ago. On Wednesday, Google said it will apply that to people, too, so you'll get collages of you with a specific friend or family member. Searching Apple and Google are both getting better at image recognition. Apple's version tends to be more conservative. While Apple found four photos in a search for fireworks, Google found dozens. Google also found more photos with hats, though one was actually a strange hairdo and a few were of a headband. Then again, Apple thought an illustration of a hut was a hat. Google is also bolder with face recognition. Its technology is smart enough to recognize the same child at 2 months and 6 years, while Apple often separates the same child into multiple identities (you can merge them, and things will be fine after that). Google has an edge over Apple in part because it taps its powerful servers to process photos. Apple leaves all the machine thinking to your device as a privacy measure. But Apple says it also favors being right more than complete to reduce the work people need to do to fix things. Being wrong can also have consequences: Google had to apologize last year after its software got too aggressive and mistakenly labeled two black people as gorillas. Storage To free up space, both services will automatically clear photos from your phone after uploading them to the internet, once you activate the option. You still have a lower-resolution version on the device and can get the sharper image anytime, as long as you're online. Google Photos offers unlimited online storage of photos at up to 16 megapixels and videos at 1080p high definition -- good enough for most people. It will compress larger photos, or you can store the original and have it count toward your Google Drive limit, which starts at 15 gigabytes for free. Apple's iCloud Photo Library requires paying once you exceed 5 gigabytes, which is enough for a few thousand photos. © 2016 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Digital Photos, Facebook, Instagram, Smartphone, Google, Pixel Phone, Personal Tech Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 2. Volvo CEO Hoping To Drive Success 3. Daydream View: Controller Is Key 4. Climate Change and President Trump 5. Tesla Buying Germany's Grohmann MAY INTEREST YOU You have the knowledge and skills, let an ISACA® certification showcase your expertise. Our certifications speak volumes about your experience without saying a word. These certifications are more than just credentials; they are a platform that can elevate your IS/IT career. Learn More Now> MORE IN MOBILE APPS 1. Zuckerberg: Fake News Election Woe 2. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 3. Is Facebook Now Too Influential? 4. Twitter COO Leaving the Company 5. Snapchat Unveils New Special Effects Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? January 25 AAPL: 99.44 -1.98 Opinion: What can we expect from the 2016 MacBooks, rumored to be launched by June? Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago @benlovejoy Feature MacBook Pro Mac MacBook MacBook Air Opinion Comments (89) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With KGI suggesting that we could see new MacBook models as early as the first half of the year, I thought it would be a good time to expand on the suggestions we made in our 2016 roundup and speculate in a little more detail on what we might expect from those machines. There is rather a lot of speculation involved, for a couple of reasons. First, while we tend to see a number of leaks and rumors for the iPhone – not least from our own Mark Gurman – there are notably fewer for Macs. We’ll likely see some nearer the time, but we could as yet still be six months out. Second, it’s easier to predict what Apple is likely to do with regard to the MacBook range than when it might do it. I’ve argued before that we can at some point expect Apple to drop the MacBook Air label, leaving two ranges known as the MacBook and the MacBook Pro. But whether that will happen this year or next is, I think, harder to guess. But let’s start with what we know about the technology available to Apple this time around … Apple currently uses a mix of Broadwell and Haswell processors in its MacBook Air/Pro range. This year, Intel will have 6th-gen Skylake chips available in time for a June launch. Skylake will offer a significant speed bump over current chips. We’re likely to see gains in the 10-20% range in the CPU, and rather better from the graphics, where improvements of up to 40% are possible. Skylake chips are also notably more power efficient than current-generation processors, offering power savings in the 15-30% range. Apple could use this improved efficiency to boost battery life, reduce battery size or a combination of the two. I’ll share my thoughts on this shortly. The latest kid on the block in terms of ports is of course the USB-C standard which Apple used in the 12-inch MacBook. Since then, Intel gave USB-C a new capability: incorporating Thunderbolt into the chip. Finally, Skylake incorporates a couple of new wireless communication standards, WiDi – Wireless Display – and WiGig, short-range high-speed wireless data of up to 7Gbps. Future versions of the chip will also support wireless charging, but those won’t be available in time for a June launch. These features may influence Apple’s decisions on future monitors and accessories (wireless Thunderbolt Display and external drives, for example), but won’t have any immediate impact on the machines themselves. So, that’s the technology Apple has to play with – what do I think it will do with it? Across the range Apple has to adopt Skylake: it would be silly to launch any new Mac without taking advantage of the sixth-generation Intel chips. For me, the only question here is whether the new MacBook Air gets a full-powered Skylake chip, or the much lower-powered Core M version. More on this when we look specifically at the Air. It’s also a no-brainer that Apple will add USB-C to both MacBook Air and MacBook Pro machines – and given that USB-C now incorporates Thunderbolt, Apple will undoubtedly drop the standalone Thunderbolt port. The only question here is whether Apple will retain any other legacy ports. There’s another piece of technology Apple has had for a while now but not yet added to the Mac: Touch ID. With many of us used to logging in to our iPhone and iPad with our fingerprint, it feels rather clunky to have to type a password when we login to our Macs. Apple first patented fingerprint login to Macs way back in 2007, but adding the hardware to MacBooks is not the only approach it could take. Apple could take a Continuity-style approach and allow us to use Touch ID on our iPhone to login to our Macs. There are already third-party apps that allows us to do this, so there’s no technical barrier to Apple going this route. But one way or the other – hardware or software – I think 2016 is the year Apple needs to allow us to use Touch ID on our Macs. This would not only allow fingerprint login, but would also be a far more convenient way to access the secure Notes facility introduced in OS X 10.11.4, and to add Apple Pay as a payment option on the apple.com website. Finally, I’d expect at least the Air – and possibly also the Pro – to mirror the color options of the 12-inch MacBook, offering a choice of silver, space gray and gold. Just my take. So now let’s talk specifics … 2016 MacBook Air/MacBook I’m going to go out on a limb here and suggest that this will be the year in which Apple drops the Air suffix, so I’m going to use the label MacBook for the machine currently known as the MacBook Air. It would be silly to launch a 12-inch machine only to retain an 11-inch one, so I think we can safely say that the 11-inch MacBook Air will not be replaced. We’ve also heard rumors of a 15-inch MacBook Air, which would give us 12-, 13- and 15-inch models. (My only question here would be whether there’s really a need for both 12- and 13-inch machines? Could Apple instead drop the 13-inch model?) If I’m right about the label, then we can expect the larger machine(s) to adopt the design of the 12-inch MacBook. This will, I suspect, include the single USB-C port (incorporating Thunderbolt). Which brings us back to the Skylake power efficiency question I posed earlier: will Apple boost the battery-life or reduce the battery size? At least where the MacBook range is concerned, I think it will reduce the size to match the much sleeker proportions of the 12-inch model. And, for good or bad, I think that also means we can expect Apple to use the ultra-low-profile butterfly keyboard on the 13- and 15-inch models. There is another messiness in the current MacBook/Air range: the 12-inch model has a Retina display, the current 11- and 13-inch machines don’t. That too needs to be tidied-up, and other manufacturers are using high-resolution displays in their ultrabooks, so I strongly suspect that we can expect Apple to use Retina screens across the entire range. The final question, then, is whether the MacBook range gets the full-fat Skylake processors I expect to see in the MacBook Pro, or the cut-down Core M version whose predecessor was used in the 12-inch machine. This is a very tricky one, as it really depends on how well the 12-inch machine has sold. If it appears to have a niche market only, then the larger machines will probably get the real deal when it comes to their Skylake processors. But if sales of the 12-inch machine have demonstrated that most non-pro buyers are all about the portability, and never mind the power, we could see Core M CPUs across the MacBook range – which would also serve as a strong differentiator between the MacBook and MacBook Pro ranges. 2016 MacBook Pro The 13-inch MacBook Pro currently has Intel’s Broadwell chipset, but the 15-inch has the previous-generation Haswell. The blame here may lay with Intel rather than Apple, but either way Apple definitely needs to set things right by ensuring the new machines get the new Skylake chips with beefier Iris Pro graphics to match. It would be nice to imagine that Apple would also double the entry-level RAM from the present 8/16GB (depending on model) to 16/32GB, but the company has not historically been generous with RAM, so I’m not expecting to see an increase here. SSDs have been falling dramatically in price, so it would also be pleasant to think Apple might bump standard storage capacity from 128/256/512GB on the 13-inch model to 256/512/1TB, with the 15-inch getting 512GB/1TB. But Apple’s thinking of late seems to be that our data should be in the cloud rather than on our machines, so I’m again not optimistic. Apple has form when it comes to getting well ahead of the curve where legacy technology is concerned, dropping first the floppy drive and later the optical drive well before any other mainstream manufacturer. It also didn’t hesitate to drop legacy ports from the 12-inch MacBook. The MacBook Pro is of course aimed at a different market – one where many users do connect a number of peripherals at any one time. For this reason, I definitely don’t expect it to go the same single-port route as the MacBook, but I do expect it to standardize on USB-C. I’ve already mentioned that there’s no longer any need for a separate Thunderbolt port now that USB-C incorporates it, and I suspect we can also wave goodbye to HDMI when either an adapter or AirPlay to Apple TV will do the job. To me, the only questions are whether the MBP retains any USB 3 ports and the SDXC card slot. Users with multiple USB 2/3 devices would undoubtedly by annoyed by Apple losing these ports, but I do suspect that after some initial grumbling at the need to buy and carry adapters, most of us would get over it. And with many of today’s cameras offering Wi-Fi connectivity, Apple could make a case for losing the card slot too. One strong possibility, then, would be to lose all ports bar the headphone socket, replacing them all with four or five USB-C ports and relying on adapters for everything else. I’d personally love to think that another differentiator between MacBook and MacBook Pro ranges would be battery-life. Use the improved power efficiency of the Skylake processors to deliver a sleeker form-factor in the MacBook via smaller batteries, but retain the battery sizing in the Pro to deliver longer battery-life. But once again, I’m not optimistic. I’d instead expect Apple to reduce the battery size in the MacBook Pro to deliver a slimmer, sleeker machine – perhaps partially borrowing the wedge shape of the MacBook range. I’ll end on a wildcard: with Apple having seemingly moved from the 11-inch MacBook Air to a 12-inch MacBook, there is the possibility of a move from 13- and 15-inch machines to 14- and 16-inch, without any increase in the overall dimensions. If Apple did that with the MacBook Pro only, it could further differentiate the ranges. As ever, please take our polls and share your own thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Take Our Poll Photos: Slashgear; TechNewsToday;  Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide Mac View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. kittycat87 (@kittycat8877) - 10 months ago Reply Totally agree that it’s time that Touch ID came to the Mac. I really miss it there, and Apple Pay as well. LikeLike Štěpán Pazderka - 10 months ago Reply IMO: MacBook Air will be dropped entirely and MacBook Pro will be replaced with only 15 inch version of current “MacBook design” with more USB-C ports and without dedicated graphics, both CPU/GPU on a single chip. Apple never focused on gaming and much more important for them is fast rendering out of FCPX etc. and Metal with integrated GPU in Skylake will be enough for them to match current AMDs in MacBook Pro for professional production usage. Expecting new MacBook Pro next year (2017) since the MacBook Air has not been dropped yet and replaced by the MacBook. LikeLiked by 1 person Vincent Conroy - 10 months ago Reply Not sure I agree that the Macbook and Macbook Air lines will be merged this year. I’d instead expect to see the specs gap between Macbook and Air grow a little slimmer over the next few years. Specifically, I think Apple needs to prove it can produce a 12-inch Macbook in its current form without sacrificing so much performance. Also, I expect to see the 12-inch model get a price drop as it falls in line with the Air models’ price points. Perhaps in two or three years we’ll see the “Air” moniker dropped, but I think Apple i still working out the kinks to fit the Air guts in the non-air body. LikeLiked by 1 person applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I agree. I also don’t think the Macbook Air will get the boot. For 3 reasons: its battery life is ridiculously awesome, it’s much cheaper than the Macbook and because it’s much more powerful than the Macbook. But all 3 issues will be fixed over time. I, as you, expect a price drop for the Mcabook, I’d say a 150-200$ price drop. LikeLike applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I’m in the market for a new Macbook Pro to replace my 17inch early 2011 model. Please give us a 32GB ram option. Other color options would be welcome but I don’t think gold and space gray would fit uch devices as they are too big/thick for those colors. LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLiked by 1 person applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I’m in the market for a new Macbook Pro to replace my 17inch early 2011 model. Please give us a 32GB ram option. Other color options would be welcome but I don’t think gold and space gray would fit uch devices as they are too big/thick for those colors LikeLiked by 1 person j0hnf23 - 10 months ago Reply I want to replace my MacBook Pro Late 2011 this year…. so hopefully they will do something good to their line-up🙂 LikeLiked by 1 person Nikke - 10 months ago Reply I just don’t get it why Apple thinks data should be in the cloud while iCloud Drive downloads all the files locally. Recently I switched back to Google Drive since I can’t store all of my 600GB files on 512GB MBPr LikeLike Linus Nyrén - 10 months ago Reply Nice review! The biggest deal breaker for me would be that the thunderbolt 3 port have native support for external graphics, just imagine having a portable solid laptop with an i7 processor on the go. coming into the office connecting a thunderbolt cable and having accelerated high level graphics for serious rendering and gaming. Raser just released their razor blade stealth with external graphics over TB3. I really hope they would incorporate this into next macbookpro with native support in OS X Im currently using egpu over tb2 with an gtx960 editing 4k material and maxing fallout 4 and its working flawless with a bit of tinkering. Cheers! LikeLiked by 1 person taoprophet420 - 10 months ago Reply I would like to see the MacBook go to an A series processo on at least the entry model and have ARM supported OS X. The iPad Pro shows the power you can get out of Apple chips. The MacBook Air needs needs retina displays and Skylake i3 processors. A switch to 13″ and 15″ inch would also be nice. Hopefully Apple doesn’t change the MacBook Pro much. It would be nice to see them switch to 14″ and 16″ models with multiple USB-C ports. Apple has to many products in 12″-13″ range. I hope they leave the keys untouched and don’t go to the butterfly keys of the MacBook. LikeLike viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply There is already an OS X for ARM. Its called ios. It just happens to not be that open as OS X for x86. Wait for iOS 10. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Why wait, its already here but you must be joking LikeLike Matt Kennison - 10 months ago Reply I don’t mind USB C replacing the thunderbolt,Sd and maybe even HDMI but I need at least 2 USB 3’s left or it’s a deal-breaker, because we all know Apple won’t give use the adapter, and it will probably cost $80. But other than that… A thinner gold 16′ Macbook Pro with 32gb of RAM, Touch ID and Intel Skylake sounds awesome. Maybe they could even throw Beats Audio into the mix and remove the black bar by the fan while they are at it. I do however hope they don’t add butterfly keys to the Pro model at least. And they better not remove the glowing Apple logo, it will ruin the sticker game of the machine. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex Gollner (@Alex4D) - 10 months ago Reply Although Iris Pro graphics would be improved with the new generation of CPUs, Apple should pay attention to the needs of VR as defined by Oculus. Oculus stopped producing developer builds of their VR software in mid-2015. They state that Mac compatibility will be reinstated “post-decent Apple hardware release, whenever that is” ( https://twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/674311865023918080 ). Although VR might not be a huge market now, Apple have prided themselves on making the computers people use to create media. I don’t think Iris Pro graphics are going to be enough for a long while. LikeLiked by 1 person just-a-random-dude - 10 months ago Reply Apple hasn’t pay attention to gaming for years, VR isn’t doing to change their minds and they’ll look at this as a fad that’ll die within a few years. Considering that VR can’t even run on 99% of the market is enough to know it’s not going to happen within the next 2-3 years. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex Gollner (@Alex4D) - 10 months ago Apple may not care about ‘high-end’/limited market gaming, but they like making hardware and software used to create media. Gaming will probably be less than half the common uses for VR. At the moment Macs can be used for VR Video post production – playing back rendered 360° video from a timeline to a VR HMD is much easier than rendering 2 3D graphics worlds at 60fps. My 2013 MacBook Pro can do that. LikeLike James Stansell - 10 months ago Reply lol what sorry but no laptop without a seriously expensive dedicated graphics card is going to support oculus. you need to render 2160 x 1200 (basically 2k) at 90 fps (NOT 60 fps) and no laptop produced by apple will support that. iris pro?? thats what my macbook pro has and can barely play games at 1080. LikeLike aerobat01 - 10 months ago Reply I liked the speculation about a 16″ screen. It’s not 17″ but it gets closer and everybody’s 15″ bags will still accommodate if the chassis form factor is the same. I dislike the storage speculations. When you are crunching / saving / accessing big video and photo files, “The Cloud” is NOT a viable working solution. Perhaps WiFi and other internet access at the Apple Campus is 1 Gb/sec but in the real world (at least in the USA) the term “broadband” is deceptive advertising. For one asymmetrical upload / download speeds make uploading large files tedious if not unfeasible for working graphics professionals. SO, we end up carrying an external drive and it kind of gets away from the whole ‘Field Portable’ thing. Having said that 1 TB of internal storage seems to be adequate (for now) so I think it should be the ‘Minimum’ for the MPB. Minimum DDR should be pretty robust as well … 32 GB. It may seem like a lot but it is called a MacBook ‘PRO’ after all [of course it will ding the battery life]. LikeLiked by 2 people Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply 32GB RAM do need to come LikeLike Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Reply How about laptops that are actually big enough to use?! More selection in the 15″ range and at least one 17″ model. Some of us like to be productive on a portable device and need something with a larger screen. Give me that with a Skylake CPU and maybe user upgradeable RAM. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLike ctyrider (@ctyrider) - 10 months ago Reply User upgradeable RAM.. hahahahahhahaha LikeLiked by 1 person Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Hey, I know, user upgradeable RAM is a pipe dream. Hell, I’m thankful that my iMac was user upgradeable. But one can dream🙂 LikeLike viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply I would love if apple re introduce a version of the White macbook. Also, take the MacBook pro with the optical drive and turn it into a 17 inch beast. Put a xeon chip, 64gb of ram 3.5 inch drive bay, 2 m.2 SSDs, smart card slot, ECT. IF you can do that, you can take my money. call it, the Mac Pro mini. Add 2 thunderbolt busses, and docking port, and you will have a winner LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLike uniquified - 10 months ago Reply Airplay to older AppleTVs is choppy (even when the appleTV is wired) – there’s no way I could give up the HDMI port on my 13″ Pro at this point. I use it far too much. Same goes for USB 2 & 3 peripherals. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Updated cameras! LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Will it be made from 7000-series alluminium? That’s the dealbreaker LikeLike Magnus Hedemark - 10 months ago Reply How about NVM Express storage across the product line? LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Even the iPhone haven’t adopted the UFS 2.0 flash-storage which unlike is used by Samsung, so it is very unlikely the MacBook could have any near possibility of having the latest internals. Most importantly, the iMacs witg spinning hard-drives but with a 10-bit colour Retina display LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Read: Support for NVMe found in OS 10.3.3 http://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/nvme-solid-state-drives-are-on-the-march-may-take-over-your-next-pc/ LikeLike joefedorowicz - 10 months ago Reply You said it without saying it. 12 and 14″ MacBooks….13 and 15″ MacBook Pros. M chip for the MB and non-M for the MBP. LikeLike Shameer Mulji (@shameermulji) - 10 months ago Reply Agreed. And I actually think Apple will ditch the discreet graphics on the redesigned rMBP and go Intel-integrated only. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply PCIe 4.0 this year? LikeLike Paul Van Obberghen - 10 months ago Reply I see the MacBook Air 11″ and 13″ staying as they are for another year or so, just for the sake of having a “cheap” entry level MacBook to offer. They will later be replaced completely by the MacBook range, when prices of Retina Displays and SSD will make it possible to get it into MacBook Air prices. The MacBook could gain a 14″, both with moderate power (to differenciate them from the Pro) but still very slim and long battery charge. So no Skylake for the MacBook. The MacBook Pro could loose the 13″ version, keep the 15″ and see the come back of a 17″ version. Form factor would only see minor changes expect making it a bit slimmer, probably by adopting the MacBook Keyboard and trackpad pad, and using same specialy formed batteries. Perhaps, as noticed, also in space-gray and gold. And of course Skylake and USB-C, one on each side. And Touch ID. Possibility for rationalizing the production, the Pro could have same “even” screen sizes logic as the MacBook. It would then be 14″, 16″ and 18″. I don’t see the use of a 12″ MacBook Pro. The current 13″ isn’t Pro anyway So we would have The MBA 11″ and 13″ unchanged for another year for cheap entry level. The MB with 12″ and 14″ for portability. Will replace the Air next year or so. The MBP at 14″, 16″ and 18″ for power hungry applications. I think this would make alot of sense…. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Or 12“ Retina MacBook 14″ Retina MacBook Air 16“ Retina MacBook Pro Just the name might change its definition to suit the theme LikeLike Shameer Mulji (@shameermulji) - 10 months ago Good point. That works too. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago That seems the logical step LikeLike Paul Van Obberghen - 10 months ago I believe that would be over-simplifying the MB line. As I said, I see 3 lines (becoming 2 later): 1 for low-budget, 1 for portability and 1 for power, some with overlapping screen definitions. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Well, u’ve mentioned three u’rself. The name wouldn’t represent wh’t they use to be but exactly wh’t u said: budget, portability, power LikeLike uniszuurmond - 10 months ago Reply Let’s assume Apple goes Skylake for all models. Then the most logical direction would be to realign the three ranges (MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro) as three sizes (12″, 14″ and 16″). I believe Apple will stick to the Skylake M processor to keep the 12″ fanless, light and thin, aimed at students, home users and travellers. It may ditch the 2.5mm audio jack (if the iPhone rumours are true) for another USB-C + Thunderbolt port (assuming the first port will also be upgraded to + Thunderbolt). Next, I think Apple will go full Skylake for the 14″ and 16″ models (rather than a 15″ model). The new 14″ with narrow bezels will be similar in size to the current 13″, and the 16″ will resemble a 15″. I think the 14″ will be aimed at office and business users, with 2 USB-C + Thunderbolt ports, whereas the 16″ will be a targeting pro users, filling the gap of the previous 17″ MacBook Pro, with 4 USB-C + Thunderbolt ports. Within each screen size, I expect three levels of processor speed, and three levels of SSD storage, respectively. This would then make it more or less similar to choosing an iPad. For this reason, they may (but probably won’t) call the three versions MacBook Mini, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. This massive simplification will allow for a much easier selection of MacBooks for the not so tech-savvy consumer. LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply It’s not a touchscreen so, thinning of the bezels is simple or easier therefore, u’r conclusion is very likely LikeLike Sherwin Zadeh - 10 months ago Reply Here’s another problem with removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7: If the MacBook line retains the 3.5mm jack, then you can’t easily swap between your iPhone and MacBook — something I do a dozen times a day as I switch from taking phone calls, to Skype conference calls, listening to music, watching a video on my MacBook, etc. LikeLike Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Reply Macbooks have Bluetooth. Macbooks have (or will have) USB-C. So, if iPhone 7 drops the headphone jack and either uses Bluetooth or USB-C, you’d still be able to move your (new) headphones to either device. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply So, how will the Intel Kabylake processor later this year would be any different? LikeLike just-a-random-dude - 10 months ago Reply > Since then, Intel gave USB-C a new capability: incorporating Thunderbolt into the chip. No, USB-C didn’t get any new capabilities. Just to clarify this, Intel didn’t add this to USB-C, it added TB3 support (and USB 3.1 Gen 2, 10Gbps) to its Alpine Ridge I/O controller that outputs to USB-C. Intel is using the built-in Alt Mode support of USB-C to carry the TB3 data. Skylake CPU also does not mean TB3 is automatically included nor the Alpine Ridge controller, it’s a separate chipset. In fact, Apple could’ve use this controller with Broadwell Intel CPUs as well, there’s no mandate to use it with Skylake. USB-C is a connector standard. It has support for Alt-Mode, allowing the chipset developers to include other technologies via this mode. In this case, Intel has added TB3 to its Alpine Ridge controller to use this Alt Mode. So, in this article, you are referring to adding Intel’s Alpine Ridge controller to Macs and even possible for future iOS devices to have support for it, like iPad Pro. If Sony comes up with a 1tbps data protocol, it can add support for it in its own custom I/O controller that outputs to USB-C and use Alt Mode to carry the custom protocol. That doesn’t mean USB-C has gotten a new capability nor does it mean all USB-C ports would support this new protocol. Is the Alpine Ridge controller small and power efficient enough to include in the Macbook, no clue. However, these were the main reasons TB2 did not take off fast on PCs the last generation, the TB controller was too big and too power hungry. Alpine Ridge is smaller and more power efficient but not to the point it may be enough for the Macbook. May also be the reason iPad Pro does not have this. LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply I’m simplifying, of course, but I see no likelihood that Apple would adopt USB-C without Thunderbolt in future MacBooks. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex (@Lexdexia) - 10 months ago Reply All I care about is Apple giving a faster dedicated GPU to the 15″ MBP so I can enjoy the latest games. LikeLike Richard Earney (@methodphoto) - 10 months ago Reply If iPhone 7 has a Lightning port for headphones, is the Mac headphone jack also at risk? LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply My feeling is Apple will do it in the iPhone before the Mac. LikeLike dailycardoodle - 10 months ago Reply Seems a bit confusing, I think I mostly agree. Seems obvious that Apple will want two MacBooks and two MacBook Pros. TouchID power button. MacBook 12″ (make cheaper) MacBook 14″ (new model, same idea, maybe 2 usbC ports) MacBook Pro 13″ (similar to current, thinner, new chips, plus usbC replacing regular usb on one side) MacBook Pro 15″ (similar to current, thinner, new chips, plus usbC replacing regular usb on one side) Lose the Air models LikeLike Thomas Massengale - 10 months ago Reply i’d think that the MacBook would keep using the cooler running M processors as fans are gone forever with the MacBook, and given that the current M processors sometimes have to be throttled down to reduce heat, I suspect that we’ll be seeing M chips in the MacBook line for some time to come. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 10 months ago Reply This summer or fall I’ll be looking at replacing “The Beast” my 2012 MacBook Pro, with Quad Core i7, 2HDD (1.5TB total) and 16GB RAM. It’s the old thick heavy non retina system. Built like a tank and weighs about as much. I’ll be interested to see what’s coming out. I’ll likely go with a 13″ Pro. I have been significantly underwhelmed with the MacBook so far, I find it overpriced for what you get, especially the weak processor. I’ll go to a dual i5 because my needs have changed and I don’t need the quad i7 any more, but a Core M? Nope. Too slow, Too crippled. I’ll double check GeekBench when the scores come out but for me a Core M system starts out with two strikes. I agree that the days of the Air line are numbered. It just doesn’t make sense with the MacBook overlapping much of it’s target market. USB-C doesn’t bother me. However I will miss MagSafe. It’s saved my bacon on too many occasions to count. LikeLike Martin Burke - 10 months ago Reply Touch,yes. usb-c, yes(but at least 5 ports), and skylake is essential! Price of ssd matching competitors, ie sandisk ultraII sata3 -960GB for €210(got one last week, its a boss) and high ram. I’d be on the market to spend money not waste money, mediocre upgrades to the macbook pro line are the only reason I’m still perfectly content with my mid 2010 13″ 2.66ghz Nvidea,,,it stands up well to the models 5 years newer. power requirement reduction should give a longer working day, not allow a manoeuvrability in the size of the battery. On a side note, 14″ and 16″ models should be the new standards for MBP, set them apart from the MB series. LikeLike Lee Crockford - 10 months ago Reply If the iPhone moves towards bluetooth headphones only, then if wouldn’t be such a stretch to imagine that the MacBook might lose the jack in favour of a second USB-C slot… LikeLike Emre Güler (@mreguler) - 10 months ago Reply If Apple will introduce EarPods with Lightning connector, I think that they should also have the Lightning port on the new MacBooks. LikeLike Wikus Barkhuizen (@DalstonAirhead) - 10 months ago Reply I’ve been on the market for an upgrade to my MacBook Pro 2011 but have been delaying a new purchase due to the shoddy storage on the baseline model. Even the model up is not very generous. I use cloud storage, but don’t see why I should make compromises on a premium laptop. The current models also seem a bit dated both in terms of hardware and design. I’m very tempted by the Surface Book. As an Apple fanboy it takes a lot to move me to consider switching to PC, but now that Windows 10 have narrowed the gap between the two main os, and the Surface Book screaming of innovation and premium design, the next MacBook Pro will have to come soon and really impress. LikeLike slowawake - 10 months ago Reply Reallllly hoping to see a 2TB storage option in the 2016 15″ MBP. I may be finally ready to retire my 2011 with 1.75TB of storage if so.🙂 I will miss the antiglare screen though. LikeLike Liam Deckham - 10 months ago Reply 2TB is a must. slowawake is right! And I will never use iCloud for my most important files, especially given how I am forced to use iCloud “Apple’s way”. LikeLiked by 1 person Wir erklären Technik (@mediacontor) - 10 months ago 1. Never Trust the Cloud 2. Apple should not downgrade the pro Book – 2 TB SSD, 3 x USB-C, 2 x lightning port, 1 x headphone jack LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 10 months ago Never Trust the Cloud? That seems a bit harsh. I use it as one level of backup. One level of storage. It’s not perfect, it could fail too but a local HDD will fail too. Paper can be burned. You can’t trust any storage media 100%. The Cloud is good for what it’s good for . LikeLike Gabriel Metzger - 10 months ago Reply I already own a MacBook so I am completely okay with only USB-C. Get rid of the headphone jack on the MacBook for all I care. Wireless headphones for the win. LikeLiked by 1 person 2reasy - 10 months ago Reply My predictions Macbook 12″ one USB-C port, one lighting port. No headphone jack, $900 Macbook Plus 14″ two USB-C, one lightning port, no headphone jack. $1100 Macbook Pro 16″ four USB-C, two lightning ports, one micro SD Card, no headphone jack. $1300 LikeLiked by 1 person 2reasy - 10 months ago Reply And the Macbook Pro will have 4k retina LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Or 12″ MacBook with 2K 14″ MacBook with 4K 15″ MacBook with 5K when iMac goes 8K, as announced by LG a year ago LikeLike frankfrank23 - 10 months ago Reply how about 12″ and 14″ macbook, 14″ and 16″ mbp and for one keeping for one more year one model 13″mba like they kept the old mbp around. of course all mb and mbp in three colors and the mbp innew design. i doubt Touch ID but we can hope right. i think we will see higher ssd capacities more ram and three usbc/tb3, one hdmi on one usb3 port on the mbp models. there is no need to piss the pro users of that much, so i think they will keep it. as for the macbook i think they will get two ubsc ports as the backlash was too hard and everybody agreed that one port sucks. LikeLike frankfrank23 - 10 months ago Reply and they better keep that magsafe around in the pro models. there is no need to remove those in a bigger pro macbook! everybody loves that thing so please apple dont go crazy on that front! LikeLike Gene Brown - 10 months ago Reply I think they will go 12″ Mac Book as the evolution of the Air, and it would be cool and different to see 2 models of the Mac Book Pro a 14″ and 16″ model making things very simple for consumer choice. Core M should be just fine for most students and light users where the two pro models would give semi pro and hard core pro users a couple of options. LikeLike triankar - 10 months ago Reply Ben, regarding the Air you forgot to factor in one thing: cost. The absolutely cheapest Mac laptop runs at $899 (11″ MBA). The cheapest MacBook 12 is $1299. So, if Apple means to drop the Air models, its entry-level laptop will be nowhere near as affordable. Things I expect to happen: – MacBook 12 prices drop to (slightly) more reasonable levels overall – We see a 4GB/128GB MacBook 12 with a $999 price as the new entry-level Apple laptop – Air models get dropped or at least receive minimal attention (depending on how aggressive Apple wants to be about it) – rMBP loses some fat (hello, Jony), the Thunderbolt ports (easy one) and MagSafe (I’ll miss it), gains USB-C ports (no-brainer) and hopefully retains at least one USB-A port. It would be nice if they at least kept a microSD port, when these cards are the de facto standard out there, but that’s an easy “not happening”. An adapter it is, then – the replacement of the Apple Thunderbolt Display is announced. A 27 inch 5K display with all the much-awaited USB-C / USB-A / TB / Ethernet ports around the back. Firewire? Not really. Price jumps from $999 back to $1299 or thereabouts, just because they can – we start seeing official USB-C to Lightning cables and wall adapters. It’s about time (September at the latest). If the new rMBP is around 1300 grams (MBA-13 levels) and below, that’ll be very nice. It’s my only complaint with my current rMBP13. I also wouldn’t mind if the MB12 gained another USB-C port. I’d argue it’s still much-needed in 2016, but I don’t see it happening. LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply For entry-level, the existing MBA could remain on sale for another year or so. I’d also expect the 12-inch MacBook to fall in price this year or next. LikeLike Eric Thomas Craven - 10 months ago Reply I’m all about everything mentioned here. However, if the iPhone drops the audio jack in favor of lightning bolt headphones…I’d like the rest of their devices to do the same, particularly the MacBook Pro, so I’m not carrying around two pairs of headphones everywhere I go. LikeLiked by 1 person Panny (@FrostPanny) - 10 months ago Reply All they really need is a beefier graphics card, the rest is configurable anyway. But you can’t yet configure a MacBook/Pro to get a NVIDIA GeForce GPU equivalent or anything near it. Though, I guess it would be nice to be seeing 32GB of RAM, but it wouldn’t be as necessary as a better GPU in my opinion. That’s just me though. LikeLike enginefd - 10 months ago Reply I love the idea of the MBP going to 14″ and 16″. I currently have a 13″ MBP that I am looking to upgrade. Wanted the 15″ in order to have more screen real estate when editing photos in Photoshop. They 14″ model would do that for me while still maintaining the same compact dimensions. Can’t wait for Apple to finally upgrade them MBP line, it feels like I have been waiting forever. I refused to upgrade last year because there pretty much was only a slight upgrade and I wanted the performance from the Skylake processors. LikeLike Denis Musa (@DenisMusa) - 10 months ago Reply I would like to hear what u guys think, i want to buy a MacBook Pro, 13″ but after reading this, i really dont know what to do. And i really hate USB-C. But i really need advice if i should wait or just buy now. Any problems with the MacBook Pro 13″ thats on the market? LikeLike slowawake - 10 months ago Reply It was updated in March of last year, so keep that in mind — it’s due for a refresh sometime *relatively* soon. If you NEED a Mac, buy now — but if I didn’t need one right away I’d definitely hold out for a refresh. And no there’s nothing inherently wrong with the current model, but it’s hard to say in the context of the unknown upcoming model what you might be missing out on. LikeLike Ben Kahn - 10 months ago Reply Nope nothing wrong with it. I use one at work and it’s a fantastic mix of power and portability. Like slowawake says though if you want the newest try to hold out for a few months and at least keep an eye out for a bargain as it is last year’s model at this point! I would also say to get at least the 256GB memory option. I have that and do lots of video and some podcasting without running into space issues. LikeLike Jerry Yeager (@aka_JYeager) - 10 months ago Reply Dropping the SDXC slot would be a disaster unless you are trying to have people away from the platform. While it is true that more camera makers are supporting wireless photo transfers, these are for mostly small jpegs created for viewing on a phone, not the large jpegs and definitely not the raw files that are going to be processed. Nikon flat out tells you on their web site that large files are a problem to transfer wirelessly. Other makers do not allow for any transfers other than small jpegs for this reason. Even the upcoming 802.11ad standards do not allow for the bandwidth needed to handle those kinds of transfers. Say you are a photographer that uses their MBP on site to assess their progress and to show their clients a sample of what to expect, so you pull out the five or six 128GB or 256GB sdxc cards you have filled so far on your photo shoot. Trying to ‘wirelessly’ scroll through the samples will be a nightmare that will end you up with dead batteries in your equipment and a client that is annoyed because you wasted their time. Using the sdxc slot for quick large file transfer is as common as usb flash drives. These slots should stay. LikeLike Samuel Brownfield - 10 months ago Reply Laptop computers generally do not benefit much from a fingerprint sensor – that’s why they typically are not put on computers. Phones and tablets are on and off an excessive amount making a fingerprint reader beneficial to users so you do not have to type in your password on a crummy touch keyboard every 5 minutes. Security is paramount on a portable device as it’s more likely to fall into somebody elses hands. With a laptop, you’re generally in possession and using the device for long sessions in which is will not sleep. …If it does sleep, you can set it to ignore password input for varying hours. You shouldn’t be leaving a $1500+ laptop laying around such that you need to enter a password if it falls asleep for a couple hours. Then when you have to enter the pw – you have a real keyboard to enter the pw in seconds. I wouldn’t expect to see a fingerprint sensor on the 2016 computers – it’s a highly unnecessary feature that would get little use. I hope that they would put other features in or lower the cost vs. putting in a touch sensor… LikeLike Robert Butler - 10 months ago Reply As a VJ/DJ, I use two thunderbolt ports (three is perfect) and would definitely want 3 USB ports. DEALBREAKER if these are gone. LikeLike Ben Kahn - 10 months ago Reply my guesses: Macbook Pro gets no big changes. It will get Skylake and replace Thunderbolt with USB-C ports. Keeps at least 1 USB 3.0 port, and form factor remains the same with 13″ and 15″ models, no new colors. No 32 GB option, that’s ridiculous for a laptop. the 11″ Macbook Air goes away. The 13″ Macbook Air remains as the cheapest, entry level option. Not sure on processor or USB-C. I have a feeling it will stick around but not get the latest in terms of specs and hardware features. Similiar low-res screen, but maybe gets an IPS panel. If no hardware updates at all, 13″ might drop in price to whatever the 11″ sells for now. Maybe gets some zany new colors. 12″ Macbook will be updated with a new processor, touch ID and 1 additional USB-C port, and a 14″ Macbook will be introduced. Remember inches refers to the diagonal width of the screen, not the actual size of the laptop. The new Macbook’s bezel is so much thinner, a 14″ would be very close in size to the super popular 13″ MBA but with a new sexy, slightly larger screen. Then in a few years as the Macbook becomes commodified the MBA will go away or finally be replaced. I also think it’s totally possible the new Macbook line gets rebranded as Macbook Air 2 or just Macbook Air if the original goes away. This is their big bet for the near future of laptop computing. Once the Core M processors for it get up to snuff, and I think they are very close, this is going to be the laptop everyone wants. The non-Retina Macbook Pro with DVD drive goes away at some point this year. LikeLike Mike Arrigo - 8 months ago Reply 32 GB is not ridiculous for a business user on a Macbook Pro. When doing legal research and documents I often have a 90 page Word document open, Excel, Safari, and perhaps Evernote and PowerPoint. My 2014 Macbook Pro running El Capitan with 16 Gig of RAM grinds to a near halt, memory available is almost zero. Don’t even think about opening Outlook. For a serious multi-tasking professional user 32 or even 64 gig RAM is a requirement. No I do not want to buy a Mac Pro. LikeLike Craig Cruden - 9 months ago Reply What I am looking for if my use-case is to replace my current desktop as my primary machine. I would want a Macbook pro 13″ (based on current size) that has a fast SSD (512), ability to hook up 3 or 4 monitors (currently down to 3 HDMIish resolution one (would replace with one huge 4k one if price was reasonable – huge as in 55″), processing power equivalent of 8-core Mac Pro 2008 (which would be about 33% more than the top end skylake 2-core one – so a quad-core would do it), and preferably an option to increase memory to 32GB (but 16GB is fine). With current technology it is easily doable – it all comes down to battery life (if skylake 30% more power efficient then a quad-core could probably be brought into the 13″ without affecting battery life more than 10%). — If it is just a secondary computer, then just updating the Macbook to Skylake would be fine. LikeLike Jerry Suppan - 9 months ago Reply Thanks for that pretty thorough analysis of what to expect. I think this is pretty much spot on as to what to expect. I would like to see a change in Apple’s overall stingy nature. Ports, memory, storage. Macbook – It would be a lot more appealing if there were minimally two (2) USB Type-C ports. One for charging and a second one to simultaneously be able to use an external peripheral without hanging a large and relatively heavy, clunky adapter or breakout box. Or perhaps to be able to use an external monitor closed lid and external storage. For this reason I still will not consider a Macbook (not to mention it’s power performance) Having said that, as an alternative, I could consider one as a replacement for any iPad (including iPad Pro) to preclude any more iPad purchases. Since it is obvious Apple will not converge OS-X and iOS any time soon, the Macbook could be a consideration in lieu of any iPad. An inexpensive ASUS ZenPad 8″ could be used for any sort of iPad type functionality someone might want. Apple could, and should converge their OSes, but won’t until the competition is doing it so well Apple has no choice but to follow suit to remain competitive. Thus, sooner or later it will have to evolve. Comparatively, Surface pro already offers a powerful (Core i7-based) full-fledge PC as well as it being a tablet. There is also a rumor Google might converge ChromeOS and Android into an Androidbook type of device. Macbook Pro – 16/32 Memory options are definitely in order, especially one is to do ‘heavy lifting’ productions like video edits, conversion, rendering, CAD/CAM, whatever. Also, I would like to see a 2TB option in addition to the 500GB/1TB options for internal storage. Both of these requests are technically doable. So again, it all depends will lighten up on stinginess or not. If we are to call this a ‘Pro’ machine, make it a pro machine with differentiating factors. LikeLiked by 1 person Ali Sadjadi - 8 months ago Reply what about memory many of us have been waiting for 32GB forever LikeLiked by 1 person Ikos Log (@Ikoslog) - 7 months ago Reply Touch ID – This would be HUGE and would , perhaps, even get some PC users over to Mac. integrating it into the OS to allow fingerprint for all passwords in web browser / applications etc has been needed on desktop and especially laptop computers for a decade — The fingerprint scanner works flawlessly on my Iphone 6s — So why not here. Price! — Come on Apple. Shift up the structure of these computers a bit. Let us build them with Ram Options, SSD HD Space,.. etc — Give people a BREAK on price. A 512GB SSD (ONLY) in an i5 or i7 on a Macbook pro does NOT dictate 2500-3,000 — That’s insane. The build quality is nice, aluminum, nice keyboard, quality — I get it,.. but you can match the hardware for literally 1/4th of the price — Bring the price back some (I know this won’t happen.) Add TWO hard drives. Or at LEAST add in a slim 2.5″ 9mm (or so) slot for someone to add another SSD or Platter Hard drive if they want to go with a 128/256/etc SSD — Limiting people to just these tiny SSD’s in 2-3 thousand dollar laptops is insane. The cloud is great, but come on.. local programs matter and internet speeds have not caught up with Sata rates. So: 1) Fingerprint for login/all passwords. 2) Add two hard drives (the SSD + Platter combo, or even just an empty slot inside for adding another HD) 3) If you won’t ease up on the ridiculous price – At least make the computer hardware be 50% of what the price premium is. IE: The 2500+ Macbook Pro’s with a 512GB SSD, i7, — Bump that to a Terrabyte SSD. The RAM,.. for 3 grand,.. come on,.. put that at 32GB+. I’m about to buy a macbook pro – but the thing that I can’t get over is the price for a 128GB or 256GB SSD. I’m not going to buy anything now with a platter as the OS drive.. it’s 2016, it’s a 2-3K+ price tag let’s be real. I can handle a tiny SSD if there were a 2.5″ bay to throw in another SSD or Platter (or SSHD) — I mean these Macbook pro’s are the top of the top from what Apple has to offer – they are for Video Editing, Music Composition, and other ‘heavy duty” computing — These things need space by default and not just in a cloud. Also, it’s a laptop, aka: Portable – The extra storage needs to be able to be integrated into the machine (I have no problem buying and installing it myself, would prefer this actually.) LikeLiked by 1 person slowawake - 7 months ago Reply 2.5″/SATA drives are not coming back to MacBooks *ever* — forget about it. LikeLike Dan Dunes Lamb - 5 months ago Reply It’s amazing how much Mac people whine about the lack of improvements. I just got a mid 2014 Macbook Pro 15″ 2.2ghz i7 – 16gb ram Retina, but up until a month ago, my early 2011 Macbook Pro 2.2ghz i7 , 16gb Ram and upgraded to SSD was a badass machine for 5 1/2 years. Seriously, I would put that 5 1/2 year old computer up against almost any PC. Not only that, I paid 2k for that computer in March of 2011 and in June of 2016 I just sold it for $700. I’m not easy on computers either. I am a journalist in the motocross and supercross industry and use these computers 50-60 hours a week and take them to dusty, smokey, dirty events all year around. With that, that 2011 worked as good as they day I bought it. Well, actually better because I put an SSD in it, but not a single hinge, case , hardware issue in all those years. I simply replaced the battery one time. If this 2014 lasts me that long, I will be the first in like to buy my next computer in 2020. No other computer company can claim to have that kind of quality behind their computers. It’s funny, you all say they don’t care about computers any more, but I say BS. When you do something perfect the first time, you don’t have to put out updates every 2 months. LikeLike Adrian Kwiatkowski - 4 weeks ago Reply My prediction is: – MBA’s get dropped – MBP’s redesigned to mimic MB design (but thicker to allow for higher specs + more battery) – MBP sizes in 14″ and 16″. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Watch Nike+ arrives on October 28th – Engadget Posted on October 15, 2016 by Engadget If you’ve been holding off on getting an Apple Watch Series 2 in hopes of scoring the running-oriented Nike+ edition, you only have a few more days to wait. Apple has updated its product page to reveal that Apple Watch Nike+ will be available on … Hands-on: Apple Watch Nike+ special features in action ahead of October 28 release [Video]9 to 5 Mac Apple Watch Nike+ To Be Available On Oct. 28: Price, Built-In Apps And MoreTech Times The runner-focused Apple Watch Nike+ launches on October 28Macworld Fortune -TechCrunch -CNET -The Verge all 76 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
null
Back To Top[*] Robots organize your photos, so you can procrastinate Oct. 16, 2016 - 06:27AM JST The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 118 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Butler Apple Festival enjoys perfect weather The Butler Apple Festival had the makings of a Norman Rockwell painting. Post to Facebook Butler Apple Festival enjoys perfect weather The Butler Apple Festival had the makings of a Norman Rockwell painting.  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2ehq59t {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Butler Apple Festival enjoys perfect weather Lou Whitmire , Reporter 4:05 p.m. EDT October 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Butler was the site of the Butler Apple Festival on Friday and Saturday with a parade, contests, food, rides and plenty of apple treats. Video by Lou Whitmire Lou Whitmire News Journal video Buy Photo Children from Bultler Elementary School walk down Main Street as part of their town's Apple Festival on Saturday. The kids were dressed as Buckeye pioneer Johnny Appleseed and were handing out apples. (Photo: Brian J. Smith/News Journal )Buy Photo 118 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE BUTLER - The Butler Apple Festival had the makings of a Norman Rockwell painting. The weather was perfect and the village was filled with families enjoying a stroll down Main Street. There was popcorn and cotton candy, cheese fries and ice cream and just about anything you wanted to eat. Politicians handed out candy during the noon parade. There were Civil War soldiers demonstrating their weapons during the parade in front of the main stage and antique tractors, the Clear Fork High School marching band and plenty of children dressed as Johnny Appleseed handing out apples. Even the Clear Fork bus drivers and their bus made their way down the parade route in honor of National School Bus Safety Week. The apple festival itself was loaded with apple treats, including apple dumplings with ice cream, fried apple fritters and fried apple wedges. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Butler Apple Festival Parade  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Children from Bultler Elementary School walk down Main Street as part of their town's Apple Festival on Saturday. The kids were dressed as the buckeye pioneer, Johnny Appleseed and were handing out apples.  Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Buy Photo Many people participated in the annual parade down Main Street in Butler for the town's Apple Festival on Saturday.   Brian J. Smith/News Journal Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 14 2 of 14 3 of 14 4 of 14 5 of 14 6 of 14 7 of 14 8 of 14 9 of 14 10 of 14 11 of 14 12 of 14 13 of 14 14 of 14 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide There was even an apple fritter eating contest and an apple dessert baking contest in the afternoon, along with a bathtub race. Charles Dome of Bellville was attempting to eat his apple fritter, but yellow jackets wanted some, too. A retired firefighter, he was joined by his son-in-law, Mansfield fire Chief Steve Strickling and his wife Heather, who were enjoying a perfect autumn day with their family. Zach Hotz, 11, of Butler, and his brother Garett, 9, were trying the fried apple wedges as they waited to see their brother Hunter pass by in the marching band. "Pretty good," Garett said as he sampled the apples fresh out of the deep fryer. The first-ever Butler Apple Fest Queen was crowned.  Kaitlin King, a senior at Clear Fork High School, waved at the crowd as she rode by in a convertible. There were rides and a lot of people visiting with their friends and neighbors. Kilian Finnegan, 10, a fifth-grader at Butler Elementary School, took a turn on a mechanical bull ride at the festival. "It was pretty rough," he said after falling off into a padded area. lwhitmir@nncogannett.com 419-521-7223 Twitter: @LWhitmir 118 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2ehq59t TOP VIDEOS OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 Malabar Farm Sunday Drive Car Show 0:44 More Stories Football: Lexington vs. Sandusky Nov. 12, 2016, 10:47 p.m. Police Calls | Pair robbed at gunpoint Nov. 12, 2016, 6:33 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 13, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Police Calls | Pair robbed at gunpoint Nov. 12, 2016, 6:33 p.m.

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Don't Expect Netflix to Enter China Anytime Soon New regulations make it unlikely that Netflix will enter China in the foreseeable future. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Oct 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Image source: Netflix. In January, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) announced its global expansion to 130 additional countries, bringing the streaming service to nearly every market in the world. There is, however, one glaring omission: China. The Chinese government censors much of the media its citizens consume, so media companies like Netflix must work closely with the government before entering the market. At The New Yorker TechFest earlier this month, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings told the audience that the likelihood of it entering China "doesn't look good." He cites the recent shutdown of the Disney (NYSE:DIS) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) movie services as a sign that Chinese regulators are cracking down on foreign media companies. Instead, he's focused on the rest of the world right now. The recent shutdowns Both Disney and Apple were forced to shut down their online services earlier this year after new regulations went into effect limiting online delivery of foreign content. Disney had to ditch its DisneyLife streaming service, which offers access to its catalog of Disney films, television, music, and books. The service was online for just five months before Chinese regulators shut it down -- customers who bought a yearlong subscription have been reimbursed. Apple, meanwhile, was forced to shut down its iTunes Movies and iBooks stores to comply with the new regulations. The digital media stores were also short-lived, opening just six months prior to the new regulations taking effect. Considering that Netflix's global strategy relies on its growing amount of original content for which it owns global rights, an entry into China with its current regulations isn't going to work. Netflix would have to develop a whole new service with local content, and even then, it's no guarantee it will get government approval. The importance of China Perhaps the most significant part of China's shutdowns of both Apple and Disney's online services is that both companies have a significant presence in the country already. Disney recently opened a theme park in Shanghai, spending $5.5 billion on the park's development. The company estimates that there are 330 million people within a three-hour radius who also have the financial means to come to the park. It's a big bet on the growing Chinese middle class. What's more, Disney movies have proven popular in China. Zootopia, Captain America: Civil War, and The Jungle Book are among the top 10 highest-grossing films for the year in China. The opening of Shanghai Disneyland could help reinforce Disney's success at the box office. Apple, meanwhile, generated 25% of its revenue from Greater China last year. It became the company's second-largest market in sales last year, but it may cede that position back to Europe this year. The value in China is huge. Box office spending in the country could eclipse the U.S. by next year. What's more, the average person in China is spending more and more on entertainment every year. Indeed, missing out on China is a big blow for Netflix. Focusing on what it can control "We're focused on the rest of the world," Hastings told the audience at the TechFest. Netflix is investing heavily in content for international markets including both global licenses and local content. Additionally, it's producing content in local languages for several key markets and, next year, the company plans to spend even more than its 2016 budget of $6 billion. Hastings' focus is on driving subscriber growth. While most analysts understand the strategy, Deutsche Bank analyst Bryan Kraft recently called into question the consensus estimate for Netflix's cash-flow expectations in light of its aggressive investments in international content rights. He doesn't see Netflix producing positive cash flow until 2020, whereas most analysts are projecting positive cash flow in 2020. As long as subscribers continue to pour in from international markets, Netflix is in a strong position to prove the value of its product and eventually slow content investment and raise prices. Being locked out of the valuable Chinese market will make the task more difficult, but there's still plenty of potential throughout the rest of the world. Adam Levy owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $97.68 up $2.72 (2.86%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix, Inc. Third-Quarter Earnings: The Growth Story Continues 5 Things Netflix, Inc. Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg You Can Now Buy The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Without A Carrier From Apple In The US 14 October 2016, 7:13 pm EDT By Chris Loterina Tech Times The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing Nearly a month after their public release, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are now being sold unlocked at Apple's online store. Customers will have to pay the full retail price for each variant.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Customers can now purchase iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus without a SIM at Apple's website. This could be significant to consumers who have been waiting for about a month for the unlocked version of the latest handsets. At Apple's online store, buyers will be able to see a SIM-free option in addition to devices that are covered under Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon plans. Of course, consumers will have to pay for the whole retail price, which ranges from $649, $749 and $849 for the 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB variants, respectively. The case is different when buying through a carrier at the online store because an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus can be purchased on installment basis. This is the burden that comes with the choice to buy a smartphone with no contract commitment whatsoever in addition to the need to buy a nano SIM. Fortunately, Apple has an 18-month promotional financing, which allows customers purchasing the SIM-free handsets to pay in installments using a Barclay Visa credit card. This feature, however, disqualifies an iPhone from Apple's Upgrade program. Certainly, there are several inconveniences when purchasing a carrier-free phone. But there are segments of the market that prefer unlocked handsets. These include those who are traveling overseas or shipping the devices to relatives abroad. It is also possible that Apple hastened the release of the unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to meet the demand of customers looking for a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 replacement. Tech Times previously reported that Apple could snag as much as 8 million handset sales for the remaining part of this year due to the Note 7 snafu. "All iPhone models are world phones, so you can use them almost anywhere," Apple said. "Which means you can roam internationally on GSM networks in over 200 countries around the world, whether you are a GSM or CDMA network customer." Consumers should note that the tech company's iPhone Upgrade program will not yet include unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple has not explained this as of this writing. When a customer chooses the Upgrade program option, he is mandated to choose a carrier before proceeding to checkout. Finally, for those concerned about shipping, it seems that demand for the Jet Black model of the iPhone 7 Plus is still high. The waiting time for the device could reach as long as eight weeks in contrast to other variants, which have three to five weeks delivery schedule. TAG Apple, Apple Store, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 6 Plus Touch Disease: More Law Firms Pressure Apple To Acknowledge Engineering Flaw Of iPhone 6 Plus Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 7: Which Smartphone Camera Wins In A Blind Camera Test? iPhone 7, 7 Plus Camera Test: Richer Details Even In Low Light Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specs: Performance Of 32 GB iPhone 7 Plus Storage Slower Compared To 128 GB iPhone 7 iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 6s Speed Test Video Shows How The A10 Fusion Chip Compares To The A9 Processor In Performance And Speed [Video] From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Video Mobile iOS 10: Things we hate about Apple’s latest release By Brandon Russell | October 15, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple’s iOS 10 is the most exciting, powerful release in the company’s history. But it’s not all good. In some respects, Apple’s mobile software has taken a few steps back since last year’s update. Some of our biggest gripes with iOS still remain; the grid layout is wearing thin; you can’t replace default apps; it still takes a lot of swipes and taps to perform simple actions. These are frustrations we’ve had for years. Specific to iOS 10, Apple made usability a bit more frustrating. For example, “slide to unlock” is now a thing of the past, and by default you need to press the home button in order to unlock your phone. Control Center has also been tweaked and it looks great, but music controls have been moved over to a separate pane, which requires one more swipe than should be necessary. It’s the little things like that that can make the new update frustrating. While we’re happy with new features such as widgets and a better lock screen experience, improvements still need to be made. Check out the video above to hear more of Jon thoughts about iOS. Topics #Apple #Apple #iOS Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Sued by Tennessee Woman for Overheated Phone 6 scarring her Breast | Main | Apple's iPhone 7 Pre-Orders sold out in Record Time in Korea Friday while Anger over the Note 7's Demise Still Lingers » October 15, 2016 The Invention behind the Integrated Antenna Lines in Current & Future iPhones Surface   Along with the clean new look of the iPhone 6 came the distracting antenna lines that some thought were stylish. While Apple has tried to tone them down a little for the iPhone 7, the antenna lines remain. Today's report covers Apple's invention that relates to how the antenna lines are formed for current and possible future iPhone designs. The location of future antennas may change as well. Apple's invention also supports previous patents about how a cellular antenna structure could be integrated into a future metal MacBook. Cellular antennas can't receive or transmit signals through metal and so Apple's invention details how they meld metal with non-metal materials together so as to form structures for antenna reception while keeping the device housing structures appealing for their customers.    Patent Background   Many computing devices have outer enclosures and coverings with metallic surfaces that give the device enclosures an aesthetically pleasing look and feel, as well as a high durability. Computing devices also generally include any of a number of complex functional components. For example, many mobile phones, tablets and laptops have radio frequency antennas that allow communication via radio frequency transmission.   One design challenge associated with computing devices is maintaining a sleek and consistent appearance of a metallic enclosure for housing the various complex internal components. Since metal is not radio frequency transmissive, metal is generally a poor choice of material when the devices utilize radio frequency transmission for communication.   In addition, metal is generally a high capacitive material, and as a result, not used to cover capacitive touch pads, touch screens and other capacitive sensors. Accordingly, portions of the enclosures that cover antennas and touch sensors are typically made of a non-metallic material such as plastic or glass.   Unfortunately, plastic surfaces and glass surfaces can have different visual and tactile qualities than metallic surfaces, which can result in a visible and tactile break in the metallic surface of the enclosures. These visible breaks can detract from the smooth and continuous look of the metallic enclosures.   Apple Invention: Methods for Electrically Isolating Areas of a Metal Device Body   Apple's invention generally relates to methods of forming unitary structures by rendering portions of a metal substrate non-conductive thereby creating conductive regions that are electrically isolated from each other. The methods can be use in various applications, including forming electrically isolated portions of electronic devices, such as enclosures and housing for electronic devices.   Method Applying to the iPhone 6 (6s and 7)   In the first example below the invention covers the construction of the iPhone 6 and technically the 6s and 7. The enclosure includes a unitary structure. The unitary structure includes a substrate formed of a metal and having a first portion electrically isolated from a second portion by an insulating portion formed of the metal having been rendered electrically insulative.   In Apple's patent FIG. 1B we're able to see the iPhone 6 enclosure #101 after portions of the enclosure are electrically separated. FIG. 1B shows a back view of an iPhone 6. As shown, electrically conductive or metal portions #F102, #104 and #106 are separated from one another by non-electrically conductive or non-metal portions #108 and #110.   Non-metal portions #108 and #110 can also be referred to as an electrically insulating portion. Non-metal portions #108 and #110 noted above on the iPhone 6 are the notable lines that are more apparent on the lighter colored iPhones and almost invisible in the new iPhone 7 black models. It's likely why the new iPhone 7 models are more popular.   Non-metal portions #108 and #110 can be RF transparent in order to allow transmission of RF signals to and/or from antenna(s) housed within enclosure. In this way, non-metal portions #108 and #110 can sometimes be referred to as RF windows, segments or lines. RF transparent materials can be non-conductive materials such as glass, plastic or ceramic (e.g. metal oxide).   In some embodiments, non-metal portions #108 and #110 and metal portions #102, #104 and #106 are molded together using a molding process. In some embodiments, a co-extrusion and molding operation are used in combination. The co-extruding and/or molding process can be customized such that any seams between non-metal portions #108 and #110 and metal portions #102, #104 and #106 are visually and tactilely unperceivable to a user of the iPhone. .   In some embodiments, non-metal portions #108 and #110 are formed by converting selected portions of the iPhone enclosure to a corresponding metal oxide using an oxidizing process, such as anodizing or PEO.   Metal oxide is generally non-conductive and sufficiently RF transparent to allow RF signals to pass therethrough, and therefore can be used as a suitable RF window or segment material for an iPhone. Since the oxidizing process is a conversion process, non-metal portions #108 and #110 can be integrally formed with metal portions #102, #104 and #106 such that transitions between non-metal portions #108 and #110 and metal portions #102, #104 and #106 are virtually seamless. This can improve the look and feel of an iPhone enclosure.   In addition, the manufacturing process for forming the iPhone's enclosure can be simplified since the enclosure can be formed from a single metal piece instead of three separate pieces.   Method Applying to a MacBook   In September Patently Apple posted a report titled "A New Apple Patent Shows their Renewed Interest in a Cellular MacBook," wherein we illustrated an Apple patent figure as noted above where new cellular antenna holes could allow for RF transmissions for an antenna. In this week's patent application Apple describes patent FIG. 2 as being micro holes placed into a metal body like a MacBook that would allow for a cellular antenna.   Apple's patent FIG. 2 shows part or structure #200 that can be part of an electronic component of a larger electronic device like a MacBook. The structure includes a metal substrate #201, which can correspond to a metal material that can form a durable oxide, such as aluminum or aluminum alloy.   In some embodiments, the metal substrate is treated such that portions #202 are oxidized to a corresponding non-electrically conductive metal oxide material. Non-conductive portions #202 can be formed through an entire thickness of metal substrate #201, and can surround metal portions #204 such that metal portions are electrically isolated from one another. Metal portions #204 can be arranged in a predetermined pattern, such as an array or grid. For example, metal portions #204 can be arranged in accordance with a sensor array with each metal portion #204 corresponding to a position of a sensor. Non-conductive portions #202 electrically isolate each metal portion #204 such that the sensor array can function independently. In some embodiments, metal portions #204 can function as button sensors.   Possible Future iPhone Antenna Locations   The last example relates to a possible future iPhone that integrates different antenna locations and/or shapes.   Apple's patent FIG. 5 illustrated below shows us a perspective view of substrate #500 after undergoing an oxidizing process. The substrate can be part of an enclosure for an electronic device, such as a mobile telephone. The substrate includes metal portions 502, 504, 506, 508 separated by intervening metal oxide portions 510, 512, 514.   Metal oxide portions 510, 512, 514 can be electrically non-conductive and RF transparent. Thus, in some embodiments, metal oxide portions 510, 512, 514 can serve as RF windows or RF transparent segments/lines.   Metal oxide material can have a different appearance than metal. In particular, metal oxide material can have a more translucent quality compared to metal.   In some applications, it is desirable for intervening metal oxide portions 510, 512, 514 to appear similar to metal portions 502, 504, 506, 508. Thus, in some embodiments, metal oxide portions 510, 512, 514 can be dyed or colorized to appear similar in color to metal portions 502, 504, 506, 508.   Apple's patent application 20160302319, which surfaced at the U.S. Patent Office on October 13, 2016  was filed by Apple back in Q4 2015. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 15, 2016 at 01:06 PM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple iPhone, Cellular MacBook , Materials, Processes | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Don't Expect Netflix to Enter China Anytime Soon New regulations make it unlikely that Netflix will enter China in the foreseeable future. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Oct 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Image source: Netflix. In January, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) announced its global expansion to 130 additional countries, bringing the streaming service to nearly every market in the world. There is, however, one glaring omission: China. The Chinese government censors much of the media its citizens consume, so media companies like Netflix must work closely with the government before entering the market. At The New Yorker TechFest earlier this month, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings told the audience that the likelihood of it entering China "doesn't look good." He cites the recent shutdown of the Disney (NYSE:DIS) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) movie services as a sign that Chinese regulators are cracking down on foreign media companies. Instead, he's focused on the rest of the world right now. The recent shutdowns Both Disney and Apple were forced to shut down their online services earlier this year after new regulations went into effect limiting online delivery of foreign content. Disney had to ditch its DisneyLife streaming service, which offers access to its catalog of Disney films, television, music, and books. The service was online for just five months before Chinese regulators shut it down -- customers who bought a yearlong subscription have been reimbursed. Apple, meanwhile, was forced to shut down its iTunes Movies and iBooks stores to comply with the new regulations. The digital media stores were also short-lived, opening just six months prior to the new regulations taking effect. Considering that Netflix's global strategy relies on its growing amount of original content for which it owns global rights, an entry into China with its current regulations isn't going to work. Netflix would have to develop a whole new service with local content, and even then, it's no guarantee it will get government approval. The importance of China Perhaps the most significant part of China's shutdowns of both Apple and Disney's online services is that both companies have a significant presence in the country already. Disney recently opened a theme park in Shanghai, spending $5.5 billion on the park's development. The company estimates that there are 330 million people within a three-hour radius who also have the financial means to come to the park. It's a big bet on the growing Chinese middle class. What's more, Disney movies have proven popular in China. Zootopia, Captain America: Civil War, and The Jungle Book are among the top 10 highest-grossing films for the year in China. The opening of Shanghai Disneyland could help reinforce Disney's success at the box office. Apple, meanwhile, generated 25% of its revenue from Greater China last year. It became the company's second-largest market in sales last year, but it may cede that position back to Europe this year. The value in China is huge. Box office spending in the country could eclipse the U.S. by next year. What's more, the average person in China is spending more and more on entertainment every year. Indeed, missing out on China is a big blow for Netflix. Focusing on what it can control "We're focused on the rest of the world," Hastings told the audience at the TechFest. Netflix is investing heavily in content for international markets including both global licenses and local content. Additionally, it's producing content in local languages for several key markets and, next year, the company plans to spend even more than its 2016 budget of $6 billion. Hastings' focus is on driving subscriber growth. While most analysts understand the strategy, Deutsche Bank analyst Bryan Kraft recently called into question the consensus estimate for Netflix's cash-flow expectations in light of its aggressive investments in international content rights. He doesn't see Netflix producing positive cash flow until 2020, whereas most analysts are projecting positive cash flow in 2020. As long as subscribers continue to pour in from international markets, Netflix is in a strong position to prove the value of its product and eventually slow content investment and raise prices. Being locked out of the valuable Chinese market will make the task more difficult, but there's still plenty of potential throughout the rest of the world. Adam Levy owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 2:04PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $97.68 up $2.72 (2.86%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix, Inc. Third-Quarter Earnings: The Growth Story Continues 5 Things Netflix, Inc. Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY More stories from Liz Zabel Big Grove Brewery chef in national spotlight SOLON - Big Grove Brewery's executive chef, Ben Smart, ha ... Eastern Iowa experts weigh in on ‘birth control blues’ Millions of women use hormonal birth control - from the p ... Matthew 25 debuts new Cedar Rapids headquarters Friday CEDAR RAPIDS - Once slated for demolition, the Kingston B ... The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hawkeyes and you guys, you still love each other Iowa educators expect school choice, limits on union powers Channeling her childhood: Author Lois Lowry will discuss writing, life in Iowa City In Iowa: Though tart, aronia berries offer sweet benefits Video: Kirk Ferentz after Iowa’s stunning win over Michigan Cedar Rapids Rampage keep coming up short against Chicago Cordell Pemsl announces arrival with big game for Iowa Coe will host Monmouth in 1st-round NCAA D-III playoff football game (No heading) Megan Gustafson's offseason work paying dividends early for Iowa Iowa profile: Apple fever in the orchard Meet Wilson's owner and chief apple officer Paul Rasch Video Photo Paul Rasch, owner and chief apple officer of Wilson’s Orchard, tastes an apple from Wilson’s commercial orchard in Solon on Oct. 4, 2016. Rasch, 57, is a fourth generation apple farmer originally from Michigan, who came to Iowa City in 2006 after running a commercial apple business in China for more than a Decade. Rasch bought Wilson’s Orchard in 2009 from Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson and has since expanded the u-pick farm to include a commercial operation that includes cider, hard cider, pies, pumpkins, turnovers, doughnuts, vinegar, jam and more. (Liz Zabel/The Gazette) Paul Rasch, owner and chief apple officer of Wilson’s Orchard, inspects an apple from Wilson’s commercial orchard in Solon on Oct. 4, 2016. Rasch, 57, is a fourth generation apple farmer originally from Michigan, who came to Iowa City in 2006 after running a commercial apple business in China for more than a Decade. Rasch bought Wilson’s Orchard in 2009 from Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson and has since expanded the u-pick farm to include a commercial operation that includes cider, hard cider, pies, pumpkins, turnovers, doughnuts, vinegar, jam and more. (Liz Zabel/The Gazette) Paul Rasch, owner and chief apple officer of Wilson’s Orchard, talks with a contractor (not pictured) at the future Rapid Creek Cidery, currently under construction near Wilson’s upick orchard near Iowa City on Oct. 4, 2016. Rasch, 57, is a fourth generation apple farmer originally from Michigan, who came to Iowa City in 2006 after running a commercial apple business in China for more than a Decade. Rasch bought Wilson’s Orchard in 2009 from Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson and has since expanded the u-pick farm to include a commercial operation that includes cider, hard cider, pies, pumpkins, turnovers, doughnuts, vinegar, jam and more. (Liz Zabel/The Gazette) Paul Rasch, owner and chief apple officer of Wilson’s Orchard, picks an apple from a tree in Wilson’s commercial orchard in Solon on Oct. 4, 2016. Rasch, 57, is a fourth generation apple farmer originally from Michigan, who came to Iowa City in 2006 after running a commercial apple business in China for more than a Decade. Rasch bought Wilson’s Orchard in 2009 from Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson and has since expanded the u-pick farm to include a commercial operation that includes cider, hard cider, pies, pumpkins, turnovers, doughnuts, vinegar, jam and more. (Liz Zabel/The Gazette) Apples from Wilson’s commercial orchard in Solon are harvested on Oct. 4, 2016. Rasch, 57, is a fourth generation apple farmer originally from Michigan, who came to Iowa City in 2006 after running a commercial apple business in China for more than a Decade. Rasch bought Wilson’s Orchard in 2009 from Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson and has since expanded the u-pick farm to include a commercial operation that includes cider, hard cider, pies, pumpkins, turnovers, doughnuts, vinegar, jam and more. (Liz Zabel/The Gazette) Liz Zabel The Gazette More stories from Liz Oct 15, 2016 at 12:00 pm | Print View Paul Rasch is an expert in apples. A fourth-generation orcharder and now chief apple officer and owner of Wilson’s Orchard near Iowa City, Rasch, 57, has been in the apple business his entire life. He grew up farming apples for commercial production on his family farm in Michigan. But with the rise of big-box and supermarket chains in the 1990s, “farmers were getting squeezed,” he said. Stores wanted better quality apples but didn’t want to pay any more for them and “a lot of guys went out of business,” he said. “You just couldn’t make any money.” Thinking he’d escape the business, Rasch studied political science at Oberlin College in Ohio, but was pulled back in after living in India where he planted apples as a rural development project. “Life has a way of roping you into stuff that you don’t anticipate,” he said. “It’s in your blood somehow.” In 1993, Rasch took his apple business to Tianjin, China, where he started a juicing company called Great Lakes Fresh Foods & Juice Company Ltd. He ran the business in China for more than a decade before selling it to Del Monte and moving to Iowa City in 2006. At the time, Wilson’s Orchard was still owned by Robert ‘Chug’ Wilson, who first planted the orchard in 1982. But as Chug’s health declined as he grew older, Rasch began renting and running the orchard, eventually purchasing it in 2009. Chug “had an unswerving devotion to great taste,” Rasch said, explaining he had planted varieties that wouldn’t have been found in supermarkets. “He planted the Honeycrisp before anybody knew it was going to be a great apple. ... Now it’s like cocaine to people,” Rasch said. “Close to half of our sales are Honeycrisp — there’s no way to plant enough.” Even the beavers and Japanese beetles go crazy for it, he said. “There’s just something about that variety that’s magnetic.” Honeycrisps aren’t the only great-tasting apple at the orchard, however, with more than 130 varieties planted over nearly 100 acres — including “antique” varieties you’d find in your great-grandmother’s apple pie recipe to modern ones concocted by university fruit breeding programs. Some are perfect for off-the-tree eating, while others are best for saucing, juicing or baking. Varieties ripen from the beginning of August through late October. “The thing about apples is every apple has its season,” Rasch said. “People are so used to getting whatever they want when they want it. ... They’ve got to broaden their horizons a little bit.” Using Honeycrisps again as an example, Rasch explained that the variety out of season “tastes like a dang potato.” That’s why out-of-season and unripe apples you might find at the supermarket don’t taste like they do when freshly picked. That’s a difference the Wilson’s experience offers. “We’re dedicated to seasonality. When Honeycrisp season is over that doesn’t mean the world shuts down. There’s other great apples you can eat that you’ll probably enjoy more if you open your mind a little bit,” Rasch said. “Us apple snobs prefer apples like Gold Rush,” he continued, noting the “crunchy, complex flavor” of his favorite late-season apple. From the crack of dawn to sunset and sometimes later — especially during the busy fall season — Rasch buzzes around the orchards like a bee, sampling apples to ensure customers get the perfect pick. But that’s not all Rasch does. In fact, much of his days are spent putting out figurative fires, being tapped on the shoulder or called every few minutes for guidance on one of the orchard’s many ongoing projects. In addition to their U-pick operation of apples and pumpkins, Wilson’s commercial orchard churns out apples for grocery stores, apple cider, pies, turnovers, doughnuts, apple chips, hard cider, vinegar, jams and more. Perhaps the most demanding project of late is construction of Rapid Creek Cidery, which Rasch hopes to open to the public next year. When Rasch took over Wilson’s, he never expected it would grow as much as it has. “I thought we’d just have a little U-pick operation,” Rasch said. “But I’m a little restless. ... It’s kind of a hobby that went bad. It got away from me a little bit. But it’s fun. You just gotta go with the flow.” Your next People & Places articles Poinsettia sale benefits kids battling d ... Couple creates sculpture park using orga ... Big Grove Brewery chef in national spotl ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « There may be Proof that a Virtual Home Button may be introduced in Next Year's Anniversary iPhone | Main | The Invention behind the Integrated Antenna Lines in Current & Future iPhones Surface » October 15, 2016 Apple Sued by Tennessee Woman for Overheated Phone 6 scarring her Breast   Court documents show that Apple was sued this week by a woman in Nashville for having her breast scarred by her overheated iPhone 6. There's no background of the Plaintiff in the Court document other than her name being Stacie Reasonover. The Plaintiff does in her closing, however, ask the court to be compensated for "loss of wages and/or earning capacity" because of her disfigurement which includes a scar on her right breast due to the overheated iPhone. Unless her job requires her to wear attire exposing her breast, it's difficult to understand how a burn on her breast would hurt her employment. In the end, how the burn occurred is likely where the heart of the case will be focused on by Apple legal. How Apple could be blamed for this incident is very difficult to understand, but that's what courts are for.   According to the filed complaint, on or about October 19, 2015, Stacie Reasonover (The Plaintiff) was using her iPhone 6-Plus when she drifted off to sleep causing the phone to collapse against her chest. Plaintiff's iPhone 6 Plus overheated after it collapsed against her chest.   As a result of the overheating process, Reasonover suffered serious injuries and permanent scarring to her right breast. She did nothing to cause the iPhone device to overheat.   Reasonover was using the iPhone device as intended by the manufacturer and Apple manufactured the device that caused Plaintiff's injuries.   Reasonover's iPhone 6 Plus device had not been altered or otherwise manipulated in any manner as of the purchase date from Apple.   The medical expenses incurred by Reasonover due to the negligent acts or omissions of Apple are reasonable and necessary medical expenses.   Count 1: Strict Liability – Defect in Design   In Count 1, the Plaintiff Reasonover states that Apple (Defendant) manufactured, assembled, inspected, and constructed the product described herein which contained a defective condition because the design was defective and unsafe.   This design defect made the product unreasonably dangerous.   The iPhone 6 Plus device as manufactured and assembled by Defendant remained unchanged and was in the same condition at the time of the injury hereafter alleged.   The defective condition was present at the time it left the control of Defendant.   As a direct and proximate cause of Defendant's assembly and manufacture of the defectively designed product, Plaintiff sustained permanent injury and scarring.   Count 2: Negligent Design and/or Maintenance   In Count 2, Reasonover (The Plaintiff) states that Apple built and sold the iPhone 6 Plus device that had a defective design or was defectively maintained. Apple owed a duty to the Plaintiff that the iPhone 6 Plus device was designed and maintained in such a way that it was safe for its intended purpose.   Apple knew or should have known when manufacturing or assembling this iPhone 6 Plus device that it was designed defectively, creating an unreasonable risk of serious injury with respect to issues of overheating during periods of use and/or inactivity.   As a direct and proximate cause of Apple's breach, Reasonover sustained serious and permanent injury.   Apple's conduct in manufacturing and assembling a defective iPhone 6 Plus device constituted an unreasonably dangerous activity which exposed Plaintiff to an unreasonable risk of harm.   Apple is liable to Reasonover for all damages, harms and losses as a result of creating an unsafe and dangerous product and condition.   Reasonover asks the Court she be awarded a judgment against Apple for compensatory damages in the amount to be determined by the trier of fact to compensate the Plaintiff for medical expenses, pain and suffering, permanent impairment / disfigurement, loss of capacity for the enjoyment of life, loss of wages and/or earning capacity and discretionary costs in this cause.   The personal injury/product liability case presented in today's report was filed in the Tennessee Middle District Court, Nashville office. The Presiding Judge in this case is noted as being Judge Todd J. Campbell.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 15, 2016 at 10:27 AM | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile iPhone 4 will be obsolete this month By Todd Haselton | October 15, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is reportedly gearing up to stop supporting several of its older products, according to MacOtakara.  The website named several products, including the iPhone 4, the 13-inch late 2010 MacBook Air, the third generation AirMac Extreme and the second generation Time Capsule. Apple actually tends to support its products many years longer than other companies, often issuing major macOS and iOS updates to devices that are still in circulation. The “obsolete” status, however, means Apple will stop offering hardware support, too, 9to5Mac explained. Why this matters: You probably want to regularly upgrade your phone if you want to continue getting the latest software updates and security patches. The iPhone 4 is getting long in the tooth, for example, and there are plenty of affordable options that still serve as upgrades. Or you can just wait for yours to break, just don’t expect a repair option from Apple. Source MacOtakara Via 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #iPhone 4 Products Mentioned Apple iPhone 4 Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 5 Blue Chip Stocks With Solid Dividends That Analysts Want You to Buy Now By Jon C. Ogg October 15, 2016 11:35 am EST Print Email Tweet The week of October 14 was a volatile one, considering how there has been a lack of volatility most of the summer. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ended the week down roughly 102 points at 18,138.38. Still, investors have become prone to buying their favorite stocks any time the market sells off. High valuations, and even the notion that this bull market is now seven and a half years old, have not thwarted investor appetites. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each morning, and this ends up being hundreds of analyst calls each week. Our goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these reports cover stocks to buy that are blue chip stocks. When investors hear the word “blue chip” it generally means DJIA stocks with solid dividends. Sometimes this also refers to former Dow stocks, or stocks that might become Dow stocks. Here, we stick by the traditional Dow stocks. Here were six solid Buy ratings (which includes equivalent Outperform or Overweight ratings) issued in the blue chips during the week of October 14. Just remember: sometimes analysts are wrong, and even the great blue chip stocks come with no guarantees. Apple Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has been on a serious recovery. The iPhone maker is winning from Samsung’s smartphone recall and cancellation, and Apple finished up 3.1% this week at $117.66, for a 13% gain so far in 2016. It turns out that multiple analysts raised their targets, either on share price targets or on their estimates for sales and earnings. 24/7 Wall St. tracked several major analyst calls this last week, with Credit Suisse even calling for $150 per share next year, and it even shows a trend of more upgraded estimates the prior week as well. Apple has a 52-week trading range of $89.47 to $123.82, and it has a Thomson Reuters consensus analyst price target of $127.59. Most investors do not buy Apple for its yield, but the company is buying back stock rapidly, and it still comes with almost a 2% dividend yield to boot. Caterpillar It would appear that Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) is in a stealth turnaround. The company’s numbers are still bad, and the trends look in decline from prior growth years. Still, sometimes the investing community treats value and serious stock sell-offs differently. Amazingly, Caterpillar is the top performing Dow stock of 2016, with a gain of 33% so far this year, and it still pays a 3.5% dividend yield. Caterpillar was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $112 price target at Goldman Sachs on October 11. The prior close was $88.22, and Caterpillar ended the week at $87.67. Its 52-week range is $56.36 to $89.87, and its consensus analyst target is $77.37. Investors need to consider that this is the highest analyst target of all now, and Goldman Sachs expects margin expansion and an earnings recovery much greater than investors have expected. Merck While Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) remains close to a 52-week high, investors should not overlook the fact that it is up 20.5% so far in 2016. Merrill Lynch raised its rating on the stock to Buy from Neutral on October 13. Its price objective was raised to $70 from $57 as well, and that is above the $67.79 consensus target. Note that the Merrill Lynch call is based on compelling data for its Keytruda first line lung cancer drug. The firm sees it becoming the standard of care and having 25% share. Merck has a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $64.86, and its dividend yield is right a 3%. Nike Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) has been down and out in 2016, logging the worst performance this year of all 30 Dow stocks with close to a 17% negative return. That isn’t the growth engine we were used to. After the latest earnings report offered disappointing futures sales, Susquehanna decided that enough is enough. The firm raised Nike’s rating to Positive from Neutral on October 11, and it assigned a $63 price target too. The prior closing price was $51.79. The consensus price target now is $63.71, though Thomson Reuters showed a consensus of closer to $67 just 90 days ago. Nike close out the week at $51.62 a share, and its 52-week range is $51.48 to $68.19. The dividend yield is currently only 1.25%, but the company has much more room to grow that payout in the years ahead. Procter & Gamble It may still be a boring blue chip in consumer products, but Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) just keeps chugging along. Now it has a brand sale under its belt in the long road of restructuring into a slimmer and more core-focused company. Independent research firm Argus came out swinging here, saying that the street is grossly undervaluing the growth prospects and underestimating its value. Argus raised the stock to a Buy from Hold on October 12, and it assigned a $103 price target as well. This target compared with a prior close of $88.54, as well as a 52-week trading range of $73.50 to $90.33. The consensus price target at Thomson Reuters is $92.28. Procter & Gamble still comes with an impressive 4% dividend yield, and it has been among the few 50-year dividend gainers and likely will keep raising that payout ahead. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Again, even blue chips come with no assurances. There is no free lunch on Wall Street. By Jon C. Ogg « 13 Oil and Gas Stocks Analysts Want You to Buy Now Fed Presidents and Governors Still Talking Up Rate Hike for 2016 » Read more: Investing, Analyst Upgrades, Dividends and Buybacks, Dow Jones Industrial Average, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Nike (NYSE:NKE), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Largest Employer in Every State The Most Republican County in Each State Recent SEC Charges Israeli Firm With Misleading Investors About Binary Options Facebook Use Surge Ahead Of Other Social Media After the Election, 7 Major Infrastructure Winners for 2017 and Beyond Massive Icahn Trades Highlight Huge Insider Buying: Hertz Global, Herbalife, CBRE, Seattle Genetics and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 Why Is Citigroup (C) Up 8.99% Since The Last Earnings Report? Southcross (SXE): Moving Average Crossover Alert NetApp (NTAP) to Post Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen Dollar highest in nine months as risk-on mood remains firmly intact How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances Trump's Dismantling Of Dodd-Frank May Be In The Works Trump Kids To Run Business While On Transition Team Fusion Staff Votes Overwhelmingly To Unionize Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Acer launches Swift 7, thinnest laptop on the market At 0.39 inches, the notebook is slightly slimmer than the HP Spectre, but similarly pricey at $1,100. By Sean Portnoy for Laptops & Desktops | October 15, 2016 -- 16:34 GMT (09:34 PDT) | Topic: Laptops Acer Swift 7 If Apple is searching for another reason why its share of the PC market has recently declined -- besides aging hardware -- it should take a look at the Windows competition. While those laptops may lack the cachet of the Mac name, they've clearly caught up in the look-and-feel department. cnet Best Budget Laptops Of 2016 The era of the Netbook may be long gone but you can still find their successors. Read More Apple once cornered the market on skinny, chic laptops that were in stark contrast to the boxy ones running Windows. But manufacturers have responded with models that out-svelte MacBooks while managing to include the latest hardware. Six months ago, HP debuted its Spectre laptop, which was just 0.41 inches thick and delivered the luxurious features of an Apple system -- at a MacBook-like starting price of $1,149. At that time, HP touted the Spectre as the world's thinnest notebook. Fast forward to October, and Acer is claiming to steal that title away with its new Swift 7 laptop family. The company has managed to shave 0.02 inches off the height of its chassis, though at 2.48 pounds, it still is slightly heavier than Apple's MacBook (as is the Spectre). Like the Spectre, the Swift 7 is clearly targeting the upscale with its features and design. It may not be as flashy as the Spectre, but Acer's offering has a matte black aluminum exterior with a gold interior. The first available Swift 7 model, the SF713-51-M90J, includes a Core i5-7Y54 Kaby Lake processor, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB solid-state drive, and a full HD 13.3-inch protected by Corning Gorilla Glass. It also comes with MU-MIMO 802.11 ac Wi-Fi for what Acer says is three times faster wireless performance, and the company claims up to 9 hours of battery life for the Swift 7. In addition to being ever-so-thinner, the Swift 7 is slightly less expensive than the similarly spec'd Spectre. The Spectre starts at $1,169.99, and the Acer laptop is now available at $1,099.99. If you're not ready to purchase either one of these now, don't worry: Some other manufacturer will find a way to shave off a fraction of an inch off another new laptop soon enough -- whether it's useful or not. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Office Depot/OfficeMax Black Friday ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop PCs Best Buy Black Friday ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Hardware Walmart Black Friday ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals Hardware Target Black Friday ad arrives with Apple iPad Pro for $449, iPad Air 2 for $274 Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 15 AAPL: 117.63 0.65 This week’s top stories: Apple Watch Nike+ hands-on & release date, iOS 10.1 beta 3, Apple’s interest in Sonder dynamic keyboards, more Jordan Kahn - 4 weeks ago @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: The latest iOS 10, watchOS, and tvOS beta releases,  Apple Watch Nike+ goes on sale Oct. 28 and we go hands-on, Ben shows you how to get bokeh in photos taken with older iPhones, and much more. We kick things off with Apple’s release of iOS 10.1 beta 3 with portrait camera mode for iPhone 7 Plus alongside the third tvOS 10.0.1 and watchOS 3.1 betas. Zac goes hands-on with the new Apple Watch Nike+ ahead of its release now scheduled for October 28, and we get word that Apple held talks with Foxconn startup Sonder regarding its dynamic keyboard tech. Ben teaches you how to get bokeh in photos on older iPhones similar to Apple’s new Portrait mode for iPhone 7 Plus. And Jeff shows you a helpful low light filter you can enable on your iPhone right now in this week’s top video. iPhone 7 | Apple releases iOS 10.1 beta 3 with Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus, third tvOS 10.0.1 beta Review: Belkin’s Lightning adapter lets you charge iPhone 7 & listen at the same time How to get bokeh in photos taken with older iPhones (in very limited circumstances) PSA: Careful out there, Best Buy is charging $50 to $100 over full MSRP for the iPhone 7 There’s one thing you won’t find in Apple’s newly-redesigned store: a security tether Apple recently fixed some Siri flaws, says it focuses on enhancing common queries Apple Watch | Hands-on: Apple Watch Nike+ special features in action ahead of October 28 release [Video] Nike+ special edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 going on sale on October 28 Review: Nomad Horween Leather iPhone 7 Plus Case + Apple Watch Strap New study claims Apple Watch is the most accurate wrist wearable for fitness tracking Mac | Apple in talks with Foxconn startup Sonder for its dynamic keyboard tech Review: You probably shouldn’t buy this awesome MacBook Pro MagSafe 2/ 5-port USB Charger Opinion: Apple may or may not buy Sonder, but dynamic hardware keyboards are the future Review: Float Shelf is an aluminum-matching iMac stand for decluttering your desk App Store | Evidence emerges refuting Dash developer’s claim fraudulent account was not his Channels 2.0: the best Apple TV app for cord-cutters gets even better Pokémon Go update offers catch bonuses, making it easier to catch rarer creatures Facebook Workplace officially launches on the web and iOS, set to compete head-on with Slack This week’s top videos | It’s not dark mode, but you can enable a helpful low light filter on your iPhone right now Friday 5: Focus peaking on the iPhone w/ Mavis & four other unique apps Apple shares new Apple Music ad highlighting iOS 10 design changes, Beats 1 Review: CalDigit’s ‘Tuff’ USB-C portable hard drive for on-the-go MacBook owners Review: Raumfeld’s Stereo Cubes produce amazing stereo sound, but familiar weaknesses Happy Hour Podcast  089| This week Zac and Benjamin discuss the Apple Watch Series 2 and Activity app, Dash App Store drama, the macOS multi display experience, and much more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Search   Home Categories Audio Business Games Graphics Internet Utilities New Downloads Top Downloads Link to Us   Apple Music Converter (Mac) 2.3.2 10/15/2016      Category: Audio / Convertors Description of Apple Music Converter (Mac) Apple Music is the music streaming service, unlike iTunes, it allows you to pay a flat fee to unlock access to Apple Musicâs entire catalogue with 30 million songs. It provides multiple versions for people who have PC, Mac, iPhone or Android to enjoy the music with the devices they have. However, due to the DRM protection on Apple Music, it is out of luck if you prefer listening to Apple Music in MP3, play the songs on MP3 player, or enjoy them in the car. Under these situations, Apple Music Converter can give you a hand. 1. Convert Apple Music to Plain MP3 Apple Music Converter lets you easily strip DRM protected off Apple Music songs, so your purchased songs can be played on any device you like! You can convert Apple Music to common audio file formats including MP3, AAC, AC3, AIFF, AU, FLAC, M4A, M4R, and MKA. 2. Convert M4B/AA Audiobooks Apple Music Converter also helps you get rid of DRM lock from Audible audiobooks as well as iTunes M4B audiobooks while converting the DRM M4B/AA/AAX audio books to MP3 and other formats, including AC3, AAC, M4A, FLAC, etc. at 16X faster speed with the original ID3 tags and chapter info fully preserved in CD quality. 3. Extract Audio from iTunes Video you can extract audio from iTunes movies, music videos, TV shows and Podcasts without quality loss on your computer. 4. Edit ID3 Tag Information including name, duration, artist, status, album, type, etc. 5. Detailed information about Apple Music Converter (Mac) The latest Version: V2.2.1 Support System: Support Mac OS 10.12 / 10.11 / 10.10 / 10.9 / 10.8 / 10.7 Support Input files: Apple music protected M4Pï¼Music Store purchased musicï¼Protected Audiobook, any audios those can be played on iTunes. Support Input formats: M4P, M4A, M4B, M4V, AA, AAX Support output formats: MP3, AC3, AAC, AIFF, AU, FLAC, M4A, M4R, M4V, MOV, MP4 and MKA Mac OS X Screenshot More Similar Software   Sidify Apple Music Converter for Mac 1.0.0 ... Sidify Apple Music Converter is a well-designed audio converter for iTunes music for Mac users. It can remove DRM from Apple Music songs and make it possible to save Apple Music songs in MP3 or AAC to local computer or your music players. Besides, you can use Sidify Apple Music Converter to convert audiobooks and M4P music to mp3 or aac format according to your need. It is a straightforward app that any user should get the hang of in moments. All you need to do is add the songs you want to ...   Macsome iTunes Converter for Mac 2.0.8 ... Macsome iTunes Converter can easily convert DRM protected music and various audio files to unprotected MP3, AAC formats playable on any iPod, iPod Touch, iPhone, Zune, PSP, Creative Zen and other MP3 players at high speed and CD quality. It is a powerful, yet simple audio conversion tool to bypass DRM control with a virtual audio recording method. Using batch operation, Macsome iTunes Converter plays protected music tracks silently in the background and record audio files with top digital ...   MacX Free DVD to Apple TV Converter Mac 4.1.9 ... MacX Free DVD to Apple TV Converter for Mac is the best free DVD to Apple TV converter which can assist you rip DVD to Apple TV video, including Apple TV H.264 and Apple TV MPEG-4, as well as convert DVD to MP3 music format on Mac at high speed. With this free DVD to Apple TV converter, you can freely play your favorite DVD movies on Apple TV. Besides, it also provides you with great convenience to edit video and adjust the parameter settings as you want, without sacrificing any video quality. ...   Apple Music Converter 2.1.5 ... Apple Music is the music streaming service, unlike iTunes, it allows you to pay a flat fee to unlock access to Apple Musicâs entire catalogue with 30 million songs. It provides multiple versions for people who have PC, Mac, iPhone or Android to enjoy the music with the devices they have. However, due to the DRM protection on Apple Music, it is out of luck if you prefer listening to Apple Music in MP3, play the songs on MP3 player, or enjoy them in the car. Under these situations, Apple Music ...   Wondershare Video to Apple TV Converter for Mac 1.2.0.3 ... Wondershare Video to Apple TV Converter for Mac is an excellent Apple TV movie converter designed for Mac OS users to convert video to Apple TV. This Apple TV converter for Mac can convert video files including MPEG1, MPEG2, MP4, 3GP, 3G2, AVI, Mpeg TS/TP (for HD Video) to Apple TV video formats to play on your Apple TV. Wondershare Video to Apple TV Converter for Mac can even extract and convert audio tracks from video or audio files to M4A and AAC. Wondershare Video to Apple TV Converter ...   Submit Rating Author: VC Studio License: Shareware Price: $39.95 File Size: 7.5 MB Downloads: 26   Download   Home Page   Report Error   Related Software Wondershare Video to Apple TV Converter for Mac 1.2.0.3 Sidify Apple Music Converter for Mac 1.0.0 MacX Free DVD to Apple TV Converter Mac 4.1.9 Macsome iTunes Converter for Mac 2.0.8 Apple Music Converter 2.1.5 Tipard All Music Converter for Mac 4.0.08 3herosoft Apple TV Video Converter for Mac 3.5.1.0629 Joboshare DVD to Apple TV Bundle for Mac 2.2.7.0602 Switch Plus Audio File Converter for Mac 4.57 MacX Free FLV Video Converter 4.1.5 Catalog Apple Music Converter Mac Convert Apple Music To Mp3 Convert ITunes Music Extract Audio From Itunes Video   Home Submit Software Feeds Link to Us Privacy ©2000-2015 File Flash. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Amazon's $7.99 Trick Is Brilliant The leading online retailer's new service comes with a 20% discount for Amazon Prime subscribers. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Oct 15, 2016 at 10:07AM Image source: Amazon.com. It's hard to stand out in the cutthroat world of premium on-demand music unless your name is Spotify or you have the birthright of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), but Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) may have found a way to crack the code. The leading online retailer unveiled Amazon Music Unlimited on Wednesday, a digital offering that like Spotify and Apple Music gives music buffs ad-free access to a catalog of millions of songs for a monthly ransom.  The service is priced at $9.99 a month, in line with what Apple Music and Spotify Premium charge. The uniformity in pricing makes sense. The major record labels are still waxing nostalgic for the loss of digital download revenue, which in turn wasn't as lucrative as the CD sales that were disrupted. There's no point in being bold enough to call this collusion, but it sure seems like an eerie coincidence that premium on-demand platforms flock to the same price point. However, the reason that Amazon Music Unlimited stands a fighting chance in this seemingly crowded niche with predetermined victors is that it's actually available for less than rival platforms for subscribers of the Amazon Prime loyalty shopping program. Folks who are already paying $10.99 a month or $99 a year for the platform that offers free two-day shipping on Amazon-warehoused goods along with other digital goodies can enjoying Amazon Music Unlimited for just $7.99 a month. Prime numbers Offering its new audio smorgasbord at a 20% discount to rival offerings for Prime subscribers is a shrewd move. It doesn't seem like the first shot of what would otherwise be a long and brutal price war. Record labels can rest easy at $9.99 a month, playing this off as just a promo that's bundled with an already premium-priced subscription program. This is just Amazon subsidizing another digital service for its most active shoppers, something that it has done for years by giving Prime members a growing catalog of online video offerings at no additional cost. However, there are already a lot of Prime shoppers. Amazon has only offered up that there are "tens of millions" but Consumer Intelligence Research Partners estimates that it's now up to 63 million members. That's a pretty big crowd, and when you consider that Prime customers tend to be an affluent lot of web-savvy early adopters -- a well-stocked pond to go fishing for streaming music subscribers -- Amazon has found a way to offer a commoditized product at a discount to the competition. Apple is too worried about restoring margins to their former glory and too bent on high-end consumers to play the cutthroat game. Spotify is too one-dimensional to have anything else to subsidize. Amazon may be late to this niche, but it's in a good position to make up for lost time. Echo chamber Amazon's also introducing a version of Amazon Music Unlimited that costs just $3.99 a month, a great price until you realize that it works only with a single Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. This was a silly idea when the rumored offering was first reported two months ago. Outside of hermits, who wouldn't want a service that can go wherever one wanders? However, the $7.99-a-month offering for Prime customers -- something that breaks down to just $6.58 a month for folks paying $79 for an entire year -- is a game changer. Amazon has thrown its hat into a ring where it's hard to stand out, and it's standing out. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he now lives a block from his alma mater. Follow @market Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 10:07AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $739.01 down $-3.37 (-0.45%) Read More Why GoPro Stopped Selling the Hero 5 on Amazon.com Better Buy: Baidu, Inc. vs. Amazon Amazon or Netflix: Which Name Will Win the Streaming Wars? Buy Amazon.com at $802 a Share? 3 Things You Need to Know Despite the Cloud, Oracle Remains the Database King Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Surprisingly Strong Mid-Range iPhone Offering Though it wasn't the most inspiring pair of flagship phones, iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are very competitive mid-range smartphone offerings. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 15, 2016 at 8:35AM Image source: Apple.  Whenever Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) releases new flagship smartphones, the prior-generation models are usually discounted by $100. This effectively makes last year's Apple flagship into this year's mid-range offering, allowing Apple to participate at a wider range of price points than it would have otherwise been able to. This strategy has worked reasonably well for Apple as its flagship devices tend to be advanced enough to successfully inhabit those mid-range price points but not so advanced so as to diminish the value proposition of the flagship model. Although the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were disappointing sellers as flagships (Apple saw its first-ever iPhone sales decline during this product cycle), as this year's mid-range offerings, they are probably the most competitive products that Apple has ever had at these price points. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus still competitive with Android flagships In prior generations, it'd have been hard to make the case that Apple's previous generation phones were, in meaningful ways, superior to flagship devices from major Android-based competitors. However, this year it's not a hard case to make at all. The A9 processor inside of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus offers better single/dual core CPU performance than what can be found in any other Android smartphone according to the Geekbench 4 performance test (Android flagships have the A9 beaten on multicore performance, but per-core performance is generally more important for the user experience). Both the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus also incorporate Apple's 3D Touch functionality. Similar technologies have begun to pop up in a few Android smartphones, but the major flagships from well-known brands such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), LG, and HTC have yet to incorporate a similar feature (though I suspect they will in due time). Apple also wisely opted to increase the amount of storage that it offers in these price-reduced iPhone 6S devices. The base iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models now come with 32 gigabytes of storage and 128 gigabytes in the higher price tier. Those storage increases, coupled with the price cuts, should dramatically improve the value propositions of these former-flagships-turned-mid-range phones. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus aren't ahead of current Android flagships in every respect, though. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are behind in terms of display resolution, cellular performance, and the cameras. That being said, the fact that Apple's year-old flagships are as competitive as they are could help the company gain some share at lower price points against the Android makers. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus should hold up extremely well I believe that this year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are much more competitive as flagship devices than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were when they were Apple's top devices. Assuming that Apple's competitors don't advance their phones at a quicker pace than they did in between the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7, then I could actually see the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus holding up even better against Android flagships post-iPhone 8 launch than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are now. And, for Apple, gaining smartphone share while keeping its average selling prices healthy (Apple's mid-range phones start at $549) is critical to allowing its iPhone business to deliver profitable growth. Increasingly strong mid-range offerings should allow Apple to do just that.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 8:35AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu RUN, DON'T WALK Everybody panic: Jet-black iPhone 7s are back in stock today around the US Written by Marc Bain October 15, 2016 The shiny, in-demand iPhone 7 in jet black. (Reuters/Issei Kato) Share Written by Marc Bain October 15, 2016 Jet black has been one of the most popular new colors for the iPhone 7 ever since it first went on sale in mid-September. Despite it being incredibly easy to scratch, its popularity meant it quickly sold out, leaving many buyers waiting to get their fix. But according to iStockNow, which tracks the in-store availability of iPhones in real-time, it’s now back in stock at most Apple stores around the US. The site offers a handy map showing the locations of Apple stores and which phones they have in stock. You can sort by phone model, carrier, color, and storage capacity. A quick search for stores carrying the jet-black iPhone 7 shows that numerous locations around the US and Canada have the phone back in stock. (You can check for other colors, too, if you want.) Quartz spot-checked several of the results against Apple’s website, which allows you to determine if a certain phone model is available in-store. In each instance, Apple’s website confirmed iStockNow’s data. Availability of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in jet black, as of the morning of Oct. 15 (Screen capture of iStockNow) Not every store has every version of the jet-black phone though, so check for the specific model you want before making the pilgrimage. (Apple also recommends reserving one for pick-up via their website.) Availability varies depending on which phone you want—the iPhone 7 or the iPhone 7 Plus—carrier, and storage capacity. If you’re one of the many anxious shoppers who have been waiting to get your hands on a shiny black new iPhone, now may be your chance. But be quick: Going by their previous popularity, the stores’ stock levels are likely to quickly deplete. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content Subscribe Newsletter sign-up Search form Search Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis NFL Fantasy Busts Buyer beware on these players. Best Endurance Races Three epic choices for runners, bikers, and triathletes. Training Workout Routines Muscle Endurance Cardio Pro Tips Athleticism How to strengthen your weaknesses and become a better athlete. Shin Splints Here's how to cure, and even prevent, the runner's plague. Weight Loss Burn Fat Fast Diet Friendly Recipes Success stories No-Cardio Plan Build muscle and burn fat. How to Burn Fat Literally EVERYTHING you need to know. Style Fashion Grooming Fashion Advice A sought-after "athletics stylist" answers your athleisure questions. Glow In the Dark Reflective running gear to wear all season long. Guy Food What to Eat What to Drink Recipes Supplements Vegan Recipe: Spicy Red Bell Pepper Soup Looking to eat clean? This simple soup is packed with nutrients. Vegan Recipes 10 delicious meals to help you trim down for summer. Sex & Women Photos Dating Sex Sexsomnia 1 in 10 people has sex while asleep, according to a new study. Is She Pregnant? Don't make these 10 mistakes that'll have you wondering. Life Entertainment Outdoor Travel Gear & Tech Cars Run the World A guide to running and touring the 6 World Marathon Major cities. Nike Innovations Five of the coolest things revealed at the 2016 Innovation Summit. 21-Day Shred Dana White Giveaways Newsletters All Access Game Changers 2016 Search form Search menu Subscribe Should Fit Guys Buy the New Apple Watch Nike+? You are here Home / Life / Gear & Tech Should Fit Guys Buy the New Apple Watch Nike+? It’ll be available on 10/28—here’s why you should consider getting in line. by Men's Fitness Editors 1 / 5 The first iteration of the Apple Watch offered athletes features like GPS tracking (via your phone), calorie burn tracking, and heart rate monitoring. Speaking of heart rate, a brand new study just compared the Apple Watch to three other wrist worn heart rate monitoring devices and it was deemed most effective (it tied with the Mio Fuse). Will The Apple Watch Save Your Life? >>> Still, the newly-launched Apple Watch Series 2 made us want to upgrade. Now with built-in GPS, you don’t have to take your phone along—and it’s water-resistant up to 50 meters, meaning you can swim with it (great news for triathletes!) You can also now see all your stats together on one screen rather than having to keep swiping to see miles run, calories burned, heart rate, time, etc. What's more, you can share your workout data with friends for a little extra motivation in the form of friendly—or not-so-friendly—competition to get in the most activity. Now, the company has just announced they’ll release the Apple Watch Nike + on October 28th—and we think runners around the world are going to be queuing up to buy ‘em. In addition to all the features of the Series 2, the Nike + version has a few more bells and whistles of interest to fit guys (and girls) in particular. For one, the band itself is lighter and made with compression-molded perforations for breathability (see photo above). (That means no salty sweat streaks on the back of your band like you may have experienced with the traditional band.) 5 Things We Wish the Apple Watch Could Do >>> You’ll also be able to customize the watch face with Nike’s green “volt” color and logo. The Nike+ Run Club also has its own complication on the watch so you can share workouts with friends, set run reminders, see all your data—and more. The watch is available with two case colors—space gray or silver aluminum—and four band color options. Flip through the gallery to see all the options and pre-order it here for 10/28 delivery. The Men's Fitness Apple Watch Review: Is It Worth Is? >>> Next Previous Next Return to Gallery Topics:  Technology Want more Men's Fitness? Sign Up for our newsletters now. more galleries Terminal Salvation What a fit guy would order at any airport restaurant. NFL Fantasy Bust Picks Buyer beware on these players. Appetite Suppressants 15 supremely healthy all-natural ways to curb your hunger. Men’s Fitness TV BTS: Dana White A peek at our new cover guy's shoot. American Media, Inc. OK! Magazine Radar Online Men's Fitness Star Magazine Muscle & Fitness Muscle & Fitness Hers Globe Magazine Flex National Enquirer Men’s Fitness Home Advertising Info Privacy Terms and Conditions Contact RSS Feed Copyright © 2016 Weider Publications, LLC, a subsidiary of American Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Search form Search Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Training Workout Routines Muscle Endurance Cardio Pro Tips Weight Loss Burn Fat Fast Diet Friendly Recipes Success stories Style & Grooming Fashion Grooming Guy Food What to Eat What to Drink Recipes Supplements Sex & Women Photos Dating Sex Life Entertainment Outdoor Travel Gear & Tech Cars SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBER SERVICES VIDEO iPAD/iPHONE TRIM UP WORKOUTS STYLE UPGRADES DETOX WORKOUTS PROMOTIONS TIME FOR ADVENTURE Third Nav 21-Day Shred Dana White Giveaways Newsletters All Access Game Changers 2016 Mobile Tirms Of Use Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use American Media, Inc. OK! Magazine Radar Online Men's Fitness Star Magazine Muscle & Fitness Muscle & Fitness Hers Globe Magazine Flex National Enquirer
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black now available at most US Apple Stores Adam Westlake - Oct 15, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you’ve been eagerly awaiting to get the iPhone 7 Plus in that glossy new Jet Black finish and disappointed by the lack of availability since the device launched last month, you might want to try heading to your local Apple Store as soon as you get the chance. It seems Apple’s production of both the larger iPhone 7 model and the new color option are finally catching up to demand, as many of Apple‘s US retail locations are showing they have units on hand — at least for the time being. The handy website iStockNow combines Google Maps with backend data from Apple’s reservation system to offer a near real-time visualization of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ availability across the country. As of the start of this weekend, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black is showing up as in-stock at a majority of Apple Stores, and in many big cities as well, including Los Angeles, Chicago, San Diego, New York, Philadelphia, and San Francisco. Of course, a store’s exact availability depends on the color and storage size of the device you want, not to mention the carrier needed — then again, you now have the option of buying an unlocked iPhone 7. Also, it’s best to call your local store or even place a reservation on Apple’s website before you go there in person, just to double-check. While this appears to be one of the best chances for customers to find a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus in-store since launch, be sure to keep an eye on iStockNow if you can’t pick one up this weekend. The website allows users to conduct a search for a specific iPhone 7 model and filter results by color, size, and carrier, as well as view a specific store’s availability and the last time their stock was updated. VIA MacRumors Story Timeline DxOMark gives iPhone 7 high scores, still at #3 Fuze battery case for iPhone 7 includes a headphone jack iLDock brings charging, headphone use back to iPhone 7 for $10 iPhone 7's most interesting case isn't made by Apple Someone said iPhone 7's Sapphire Glass wasn't, but it is You can buy an unlocked iPhone 7 from Apple now Tags AppleApple StoreiPhone 7iPhone 7 PlusPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Inc.’s Surprisingly Strong Mid-Range iPhone Offering – Motley Fool Posted on October 15, 2016 by Motley Fool Though it wasn’t the most inspiring pair of flagship phones, iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are very competitive mid-range smartphone offerings. Ashraf Eassa. (TMFChipFool). Oct 15, 2016 at 8:35AM. Apple Store Santa Monica. Image source: Apple. Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Models Now Available At Most Apple Stores In The USTech Times SIM-Free iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Now Available From Apple Online StoreMac Rumors Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its storesBusiness Insider Hot Hardware -BGR -AppAdvice -Gotta Be Mobile all 91 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Why I’m excited for AirPods By Andrew O'Hara, Oct 15, 2016 Tweet 80 Comments There has been a lot of takes on Apple’s new wireless headphones, the AirPods. Some people brush them off as just expensive and unnecessary. Others insist you’re going to lose them instantly. However, after Apple’s keynote, the AirPods may be what I am looking forward to most. To start, I’m not the average person. I test out gadgets for a living, so I already have multiple pairs of Bluetooth headphones. And while I love the cordless freedom Bluetooth affords, pairing can be a nightmare. Sometimes they don’t actually go into pairing mode. Other times, I have to go the other device they are paired with, remove it, then try to re-add to my new device. When I could be listening to something on my iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad, or Mac at any time, this is immensely frustrating. Til now, there has not been a good way to actually use multiple devices like this. I specifically have different Bluetooth headphones for different devices so I don’t have to go through the process of pairing them each time. I use some over-the-ear headphones on my Mac whilst I am working, and Bragi buds when I am on my phone. AirPods fix this giant issue. Once you open the case and pair them with your iPhone with a single tap, iCloud shares that Bluetooth profile with all your devices. There is no disconnecting, and re-pairing process. If I am walking around listening on my iPhone, I get to work and want to switch to my Mac, I simply go up to the audio selector in the menu bar and select my AirPods, and I’ve switched my audio from one to the other. That easy. I can then easily switch to my iPad when I get home, and to my Apple Watch when I want to exercise on my bike. AirPods aren’t for everyone. The fit still isn’t universal, but that is the case for any pair of earbuds or headphones. It does seem though, again based on early hands-on reports, that they do stay in your ear quite a bit better than EarPods ever did. The “you’re going to lose them” argument also seems silly. Why did no one say that about the Dash? Or Earin? Or the Jabra Elite Sport? Luckily, what I thought was my biggest issue with AirPods (I even said so in the video), is not an issue. That is the ability to listen to one EarPod by itself. Audio quality is also something to consider. But most people aren’t audiophiles and are perfectly fine with the beats put out by EarPods, however shallow it may sound. From early reports, It looks like AirPods may be slightly better which should do just fine. The big advantage, as it often is for Apple, is the fact no one else can do this. They have the merger of software and hardware and no other company can create that slide up card on the iPhone when you go to pair them. Or use iCloud to share the profile. Which means if you want AirPods biggest benefit, you have to choose them over any of the competition. Or one of the other Beats products with a W1 chip inside. I love my new iPhone 7, and my shiny new Apple Watch. But how easily the AirPods can fix a problem that has plagued me since I switched to Bluetooth headphones makes them the most exciting thing, for me, from Apple’s iPhone announcement. We will see the new AirPods start shipping at the end of October, hopefully alongside a new MacBook Pro refresh. Let me know your thoughts (nicely!) down in the comments below. Are you going to be picking up a pair? Or are you going to stick to your existing wired headphones? Or can you forgive the Bluetooth issues for better quality sound or fit? Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend No company is perfect, but did Apple stop trying to be? AirPods production said to kick off in December With the Touch Bar, Apple gives us a glimpse into a future keyboardless MacBook AirPods could launch next week, according to this Apple reseller Related Topics AirPods, Opinion OWashe I am excited to try them too Anthony Bouchard Me too! tariq If you do a review on them. Please check and see if you can use 1 airpod at a time. Cuz that way u can get twice the battery life. Thanks @Anthony Timothy They said you can, in this very article. tariq My bad. I missed it. Thanks! jaysoncopes From my understanding, it should also automatically switch into mono audio mode when you only have one earphone in, meaning that it will play both left and right tracks for you whether or not you have in both earphones. Ninja Ass I love airpods idk why ppl hate it how they lost it Jack Wong People always like to pick a bone from a chicken, which is very easy. I would tell them why don’t you create something that I/others would pay you a premium price. Rowan09 The Samsung airport costs $200 and does less than this one, so at $149 I really don’t see why this is considered premium. Jack Wong My last 2 BT earbuds are both less than 100. The one I’m using now is Anker, it’s only 25. Then someone will post I’m using Xxx brand and its 300+, I don’t see 200 is considered as premium. george Um no, the Samsung ones are for fitness and actually have features. What are you smoking? Rowan09 Please tell me the features because my wife has it? george Um 4gb storage 1k songs, activity monitor, heart rate monitor??? The airpods don’t do anything besides connect to an apple product easily. Rowan09 It does not have a heart rate monitor and how are they useful features besides 4Gb for storing music? If I go for a run I bring my phone and wireless headphones and with IconX you also need a phone which will track all those features you mentioned making all those things on the headphone useless without a phone. The Air Pods were never said to be for fitness. george It does have a heart rate monitor, do some research. Chloe Elizabeth Wade I don’t like em they’ll have shit bass and earbuds all fall out of my ears plus the airpods are over half the price of the solo3s which I think are way more worth it better bass better battery life more material so better value and they’re available in colors Jerwyn Feria isn’t the casing a battery pack for the airpods itself. so wouldn’t that allow it to always be charged when pulled out of its case? its not like when your not using the solo3s, they are charging, you require it plug it into a battery pack or powered usb outlet to charge them. if you add different color into the mix, would that be an apple thing or a beats thing? anyways isn’t the money going into the same place. airpods require any size pocket to fit in, solo3 requires big pockets for them to fit in. if you are arguing about the design and price differences. i would also say your argument would be much better if you used the beatsX instead of the solo3s cause your comparing an on ear vs an in ear headset product. Docservlet What do you mean “they’ll have shit bass and earbuds all fall out of my ears”. Not sure how you know this without trying them. Also, most reviews I read say they stay in place just fine. The Solo 3 is a completely different conversation than the airpods. You can’t compare the 2. For PREMIUM bluetooth headsets like bose, sennheiser etc most people are forking out OVER 150 bucks for ONE earpiece. These airpods are a deal. racerhomie2 I love them Chloe Elizabeth Wade Why they’re overpriced trash u can buy the new solo3 for only like $140 more u get better bass which is important for me bc I only listen to rap they’re harder to lose plus earbuds always fall out of my canals and solo3s have much better battery life and are available in colors Y2J: Keeper of the List Dude we all know you don’t like them you’ve commented like 19 times about it, get over it not everyone is asking for your opinion Vince Reedy You could also use a period or 2 Chloe Elizabeth Wade I’m lazy mickey You’re comparing on ear headphones to wireless earbuds. Your argument is trash. Docservlet Nonsense. You can’t compare the size of the Solo 3 to the airpods. They are 2 completely different applications. No one wants to lug around the Solo 3s throughout their workday. jaysoncopes “I only listen to rap” holy crap you must be so gangsta. Please, go listen to your over-bassed music on another blog that actually cares about uneducated opinions. Jamie Senior Chloe, I don’t know where you are seeing Solo3 Wireless for $140? What I am see is $299.99!!!!! Chloe Elizabeth Wade I meant $140 more than airpods which they are zebonaut Did you say you can’t use only one airpod? wongnog Yeah I’m pretty sure in the keynote they explained you can remove one airpod and still listen to music or phone conversation with the other airpod. Sebastien He did say that in the video but corrected himself in the post. You can listen to one airpod at a time iBanks I’m surely getting sets for myself and my lady. Rickey Woods they need to hurry up and ship them geez Chloe Elizabeth Wade Why they suck they’re gonna have terrible bass earbuds always fall out of my ears they have much worse battery life than solo3s and they’re over half the price for less material terrible bass Favna Honestly I’m really not sure if I’ll end up getting them. I currently have a bluetooth headset but it was a really really cheap thing that has a lot of sound delay when watching videos (as in, the mouth movement and sound are horribly out of sync) and I never really liked being corded to my phone at all. One thing is for sure however, I will be trying them out in an Apple Store before I purchase them – unlike a purchase of a new iPhone that I easily order online without breaking a sweat. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Just buy the solo3s that’s what I’m doing Blip dude Why buy the Solos when you can just get the studios for better value?? Also, not everyone listens to rap. When I actually want to listen to Classical or Jazz Beats aren’t exactly the greatest. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Maybe bc the studios haven’t been updated to have W1 yet and battery life isn’t as good Chloe Elizabeth Wade The solo3 do everything the airpods will do and more and they do it better the solo3 r the first device on the market with the W1 and they have better bass (important bc I only listen to rap) better battery life much bigger more material= better value especially since both are primarily plastic and they’re available in multiple colors whereas airpods are white only Vondrook4 I’m just worried about sound quality. I firmly believe that foam tips are the best kind of in-ear headphones, because they create a seal and actually give you bass. I’ve never liked Apple headphones, but the pairing convenience like you said, is the coolest feature. Anthony Bouchard I’m really not expecting them to sound any better than the EarPods that are already in the box with your iPhone. Some early reviews said they didn’t even sound as good as the wired counterparts. [RECON1] But don’t you always lose sound quality over Bluetooth anyways? JohnS No. But since bluetooth headsets can’t use the iPhones amplifier or DAC, and have to include batteries and wireless components all while competing with ultra cheap wired sets it’s easy to see why many manufacturers skimp on components. Unfortunately if the Amp or DAC are subpar your audio quality plummets fast. And most bluetooth headsets don’t have high quality components unless you are willing to spend hundreds on them. M_thoroughbred I’m with ya. I get the tech inside these earphones but at the end of the day if the sound is the same as the ones that come with the iPhone cause that is what’s about, the sound Matt My next pair of headphones will have a W1 chip in them. I’m actually hoping Apple licenses it, but it’s what I’m basing my purchase off. Chloe Elizabeth Wade The best option is probably the solo3 rn and even when the airpods come out Lit Is it patented? If not, I’m hoping all companies acquire it so we can do away with bluetooth audio if it truly is superior. JohnS I’m sure it is, but hopefully just like lightning connectors it will be something that Apple licenses out. If not, someone will have cloned it by next year and everyone will be offering it anyways. Matt I’m sure it is. Just like lightning. Keep in mind, you can’t do away with Bluetooth. The w1 chip simply aids the Bluetooth connection. With all that said, the Base QC35 are still calling my name. Chloe Elizabeth Wade I’m not I’m getting the solo3 instead they have better bass(important bc I only listen to rap) better battery life bigger (to me more material is better value) they’re only like $140 more and they’re available in colors(I’m getting rose gold to match my 6s+) and are harder to lose Vince Reedy You have completely ruined the comment section for this post. Go buy the solo3s and leave us alone. Californian100 go……………..away AMB_07 Not excited, i’m going to stick to wired for now. n0ahcruz3 Cook said the earpods would not fall off while doing activity… lies mwpitt52 Going to wait and look at Beats X with new Apple chip. The AirPods look to goofy and the Solo 3 too cheap. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Beats X? Really they’re like half the price of the solo3 and the solo3 look premium they just don’t feel it plus the beats X have a cord btwn them which could get annoying Vince Reedy I may just buy you solo3s so you’ll shut up Bacillus You repeated yourself 3x now about ye solo3. Please put down the volume (or do they cause memory stress ?) Ghaith Al Hami Its daimn expensive Docservlet No actually it’s not relative to other premium bluetooth devices. Ghaith Al Hami I will not pay 160 $ for that I know its great and everything but still too much for me Thanks for the heads up Endriu Andrei What about bluetooth effects on health ? Docservlet BT LE is very low energy. You’re actually better off using bluetooth than holding the phone to your ear. James G Did somebody say solo 3 yet….? lol Jerwyn Feria haha you don’t even know the half of it yet. James G Oh I do. I read through the comments. Hence the joke. lol Jon20 Wish they came in Black. Hope they do. tforet Can’t wait to try them tforet Looking forward to trying Air Pods out. Rook HD wish it had playback control tho. I don’t like the idea of talking to Siri to do such simple tasks like skipping to next song. Valinor I’m one of those haters. You know why I dont like them? The sound quality is the same as the wired pods. So basically your paying a premium price for 10 dollar earpods. Also anyone who used the normal earpods know how easy they fall out. Most other wireless earpods are in-ear and we all know thats a tighter fit with less chance to fall out. Maybe these will be a bit better than the normal earpods because of the longer bottom part but still, all you need is your hand of bag accidentally hitting your ear and they are gone. In-ears are not that easy to fall out. They should have made an in-ear version, then I would have been more excited. Jerwyn Feria Chloe Elizabeth Wade… This guy had made his argument 1. better comparison to “other” headsets that possibly in the same class as Airpods. 2. explain with an example of how easily you could lose the product. 3. Used others as a collective thought to argue that the EarPods easily falls of the ear. 4. made a suggestion best for maybe even apple to see. 5. Made an argument in one comment. Johnny Nah toooooo short batterylife in thoose ugly pods. Ill stick to my LG tone ultras 14 hours of music on one charge Thank you very much for that Jerry Yeah ok dude Volerikan When I’m not using my iMac as a personal computer, I’m using it as a media center controlling it with my Apple TV remote from across the room. Would be nice to easily connect the AirPods to my iMac so I don’t disturb the neighbors with my Netflix binge. Nuff Said This article seems to overlook the fact that with these headphones you’ll be more tethered to your phone than with any other headphones due to there not being any easy way to input commands outside of using Siri. I naturally expect this huge factor to be brushed off and nonchalantly excused. I mean isnt it the main reason we use Bluetooth can headphones so we don’t have to pull our phones out as much? lou111 These could be the best Apple product of this year. But… In situation when minijack is removed… AirPods Should be a part of the iPhone 7 as standard, not an 150$ option. jay not really excited about that. looks is wired and there is really nothing wow on them like store your music on them and go for a run no heart rate monitor… others they have that already Gastón Headphones that need to be charged? Watches that need to be charged? What’s next for Marketing geniuses? Thanks, but I’ll stick to my Bose and Casio. Sleetui Do you need to update to iOS 10 or can you use it on older devices?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Surprisingly Strong Mid-Range iPhone Offering Though it wasn't the most inspiring pair of flagship phones, iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are very competitive mid-range smartphone offerings. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 15, 2016 at 8:35AM Image source: Apple.  Whenever Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) releases new flagship smartphones, the prior-generation models are usually discounted by $100. This effectively makes last year's Apple flagship into this year's mid-range offering, allowing Apple to participate at a wider range of price points than it would have otherwise been able to. This strategy has worked reasonably well for Apple as its flagship devices tend to be advanced enough to successfully inhabit those mid-range price points but not so advanced so as to diminish the value proposition of the flagship model. Although the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were disappointing sellers as flagships (Apple saw its first-ever iPhone sales decline during this product cycle), as this year's mid-range offerings, they are probably the most competitive products that Apple has ever had at these price points. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus still competitive with Android flagships In prior generations, it'd have been hard to make the case that Apple's previous generation phones were, in meaningful ways, superior to flagship devices from major Android-based competitors. However, this year it's not a hard case to make at all. The A9 processor inside of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus offers better single/dual core CPU performance than what can be found in any other Android smartphone according to the Geekbench 4 performance test (Android flagships have the A9 beaten on multicore performance, but per-core performance is generally more important for the user experience). Both the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus also incorporate Apple's 3D Touch functionality. Similar technologies have begun to pop up in a few Android smartphones, but the major flagships from well-known brands such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), LG, and HTC have yet to incorporate a similar feature (though I suspect they will in due time). Apple also wisely opted to increase the amount of storage that it offers in these price-reduced iPhone 6S devices. The base iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models now come with 32 gigabytes of storage and 128 gigabytes in the higher price tier. Those storage increases, coupled with the price cuts, should dramatically improve the value propositions of these former-flagships-turned-mid-range phones. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus aren't ahead of current Android flagships in every respect, though. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are behind in terms of display resolution, cellular performance, and the cameras. That being said, the fact that Apple's year-old flagships are as competitive as they are could help the company gain some share at lower price points against the Android makers. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus should hold up extremely well I believe that this year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are much more competitive as flagship devices than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were when they were Apple's top devices. Assuming that Apple's competitors don't advance their phones at a quicker pace than they did in between the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7, then I could actually see the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus holding up even better against Android flagships post-iPhone 8 launch than the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are now. And, for Apple, gaining smartphone share while keeping its average selling prices healthy (Apple's mid-range phones start at $549) is critical to allowing its iPhone business to deliver profitable growth. Increasingly strong mid-range offerings should allow Apple to do just that.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 8:35AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews iPhone 7 Plus Review: This iPhone Will Be The Apple Of Your Eye Tehchnology Will Help Develop Agricultural Pattern: Modi Government is Preparing for Cyber War: Ravi Shankar Prasad Currency Exchange: You Can Buy HP Laptops Now And Pay Next Year News18 » Tech 7-min read iPhone 7 Plus Review: This iPhone Will Be The Apple Of Your Eye Siddhartha Sharma | News18.com SidnChips First published: October 15, 2016, 6:59 PM IST | Updated: October 15, 2016 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Review. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) Apple iPhone, a smartphone that needs no introduction. Since its inception in 2007 it has continued to woo its fans from around the world irrespective of what tech experts and reviewers have to say about it. The iPhone has seen its ups and downs but still continues to be one of the most potent smartphones in the world despite the influx of good android smartphones. This year Apple introduced the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The iPhone 7 really does not have much to offer in terms of experience for users to upgrade from the iPhone 6S. The 7 Plus, however, packs a punch. With the 256GB storage version of the iPhone 7 Plus priced at Rs 92,000, we put it to test and tell you whether it really gives you the bang for your buck or not. Also Read | Google Pixel vs Apple iPhone7: Should You Buy This Android Phone For Rs 57K? What’s Cool? Let’s address the elephant in the room first. The missing 3.5mm audio jack. Yes, it’s no longer there. But Apple is not ignorant of the fact that users still use them. They bundle the lightning to 3.5mm connector inside the box. All Apple wants from you is not to lose it. Moreover, it’s an evolutionary change, just like how Android phones will be getting you CDLA headphones in future. And the audio quality is way better on the lightning connector than a 3.5mm audio jack. Apple iPhone 7 Plus comes with lightning to 3.5mm audio jack inside the box. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) The iPhone 7 Plus comes in two new colours - the Real Black and the Jet black. If you wish to buy the new iPhone these are the only colours to go for. The bigger iPhone 7 Plus is lighter too at 188 grams, compared to the iPhone 6S Plus, which weighed 192 grams. Apple has tinkered around with the design of the iPhone 7 Plus too. It’s smooth and it no longer has a home button. The new taptic engine used on the iPhone 7 Plus makes the home button feel unique. Many who are accustomed to the earlier home button would find the experience refreshing. Apple Macbook users will just love it. The new taptic engine will give you a PlayStation controller type gaming experience with vibrations and feedback that are quite intuitive. Also Read | Apple iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s: Who Should Buy What? The new iPhones are water and dust-resistant as well and that’s just something that we in India definitely needs. The iPhone 7 Plus is thin at just 6.9mm and packs in a large 5.5-inch IPS LCD touchscreen display with 1080 X 1920 resolution and 401ppi pixel density. It’s a similar display that you get on the 6S Plus. You get a wide colour gamut on the display and, of course, last year’s revolutionary 3D-Touch. The touchscreen is more responsive than what you got on the iPhone 6S Plus and it’s mainly because of many hardware and the iOS 10 factors in play. Apple iPhone 7 Plus in its Jet Black colour. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) The Touch ID for your fingerprints is also more responsive and fast thanks to iOS 10. The iPhone 7 Plus also comes with stereo speaker that offer loudness and clarity while watching videos on the device. 2016 can be regarded as the year of dual-camera smartphones and Apple also gave into it. Apple iPhone 7 Plus packs in a dual-camera system. There are two 12-megapixel cameras with f/1.8 and f/2.8 apertures. The camera also packs optical image stabilisation, phase detection autofocus, two times optical zoom and quad-LED flash. Apple iPhone 7 Plus. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) There are two sensors at the back: one is a 1/3" sensor @ 28mm and another is a 1/3.6" sensor @ 56mm. Both of them work in tandem and deliver great levels of detailing in the images that you click. The iPhone 7 Plus is also capable of shooting videos at 2160p@30fps. Now one trick that is yet to roll out on the camera of the iPhone 7 Plus is the portrait mode. This mode is available in beta right now. When it is publically rolled out, you’ll be able to click images like these. Image Shot on Apple iPhone 7 Plus. (Image:News18.com) Image Shot on Apple iPhone 7 Plus. (Image: News18.com) Image Shot on Apple iPhone 7 Plus. (Image: News18.com) The camera on the iPhone 7 Plus is able to capture more light, details and colours that result in amazing images even in low light. The colour on the images are natural and realistic, unlike many Android smartphones that give you saturated colours. Upfront the iPhone 7 Plus has a 7-megapixel, f/2.2 camera, that has face detection and HDR mode. Apple has integrated body detection, wide colour capture and auto-image stabilization on the front camera now. The results are twice as good as what you got on the iPhone 6S Plus’ front camera. The front-facing camera records in 1080p, while the rear can handle 4K videos. Apple iPhone 7 Plus' 3D-touch. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) Despite the redesign and being thinner than the iPhone 6S Plus, Apple iPhone 7 packs in a 2900mAh battery. The battery life is significantly improved and you will not find yourself looking for a charging cable by evening. The battery management on the iPhone 7 Plus is impressive and after a full charge, it does last for more than a day and a half. We used it extensively and by 8PM every day it still had more than 50% juice left in it. What’s Not So Cool? It’s not all well with the iPhone 7 Plus, though. It is one of the most potent premium 5.5-inch smartphone in the market right now but, if you buy it in the jet black colour, make sure you put it in a cover. The back is shiny which makes it slippery and prone to fingerprint smudges. It’s also not scratch-proof. Our advice to you would be to skip the Jet black colour on the iPhone 7 Plus and buy the matte finish Real Black one instead. Also Read | Apple iPhone 7 Review: The Newest Flagship Is Just Fine, Even If It Doesn't Wow Competitors Apple is not a company that believes in an ‘i’ for an ‘i’ approach. Many do compare iPhones to Android phones. The comparison here is not just on hardware but also on the user experience. Similar things and tasks can be done on both an iPhone and an Android device. What one spends for, is the seamless user experience and secured data. The closest competitor to the iPhone 7 Plus could have been the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, but it was busy exploding in the year 2016. So, for people looking to buy a premium 5.5-inch smartphone, the iPhone 7 Plus is the only option for now. And, we will be getting you a comparison between the iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL very soon. Apple iPhone 7 Plus. (Image: Siddharth Safaya/ News18.com) Verdict Many years ago, Apple had an advertising campaign that said, ‘If you don’t have an iPhone, you DON’T have an iPhone’. This, in 2016, holds true for the iPhone 7 Plus. They have offered some features that are new and have also improved things that worked seamlessly in the first place. The iPhone 7 Plus is a worthy upgrade to the iPhone 6S Plus and probably the only phone that will give you a hassle-free user experience. Starting at the price tag of Rs 72,000 for the 32GB storage version, the iPhone 7 Plus is not an affordable phone at all and many will say that you get an Android phone for less. But as the saying goes, good things never come cheap, and if you haven’t witnessed the experience on an iPhone 7 Plus, you haven’t really witnessed what a real smartphone is. iPhone 7 Plus Specifications: Display: 5.5-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD 3D Touch Display Home Button With New Taptic Engine Processor: Apple A10 Fusion CPU: 2.33 GHz Quad-core GPU: Six-core Graphics Operating System: Apple iOS 10 Storage: 32GB, 128GB and 256GB Camera: Dual 12 MP Camera Lens: 28mm, f/1.8, OIS & 56mm, f/2.8 Camera Features: 2X Optical Zoom, Slow-motion, 2160p@30fps Video, quad-LED Flash Front Camera: 7 MP, f/2.2 Audio: Stereo Speakers Lacks a 3.5mm Audio Jack Lightning to 3.5mm Connector Included New Colours: Real Black and Jet Black iPhone 7Plus Price: Rs 72,000 (32GB); Rs 82,000 (128GB); Rs 92,000 (256GB) Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Plus India dual camera Trending Articles Anti-Donald Trump Protests Continue for 5th day Demonetisation: SBI Senior Cashier Dies of Chest Pain in Bhopal Donald Trump Says Will Take USD 1 as Salary With no Vacations Mike Pence's Transition Job Could Signal Key Role in White House Trending Articles Anti-Donald Trump Protests Continue for 5th day Demonetisation: SBI Senior Cashier Dies of Chest Pain in Bhopal Donald Trump Says Will Take USD 1 as Salary With no Vacations Mike Pence's Transition Job Could Signal Key Role in White House MQM Leaders' Visit to Musharraf Triggers Speculation to Become Joint President of MQM, PSP Pakistan Team Shocked But Safe After Christchurch Earthquake Gwadar Port Becomes Operational in Pak's Restive Balochistan Bigg Boss 10, Day 27: Salman Khan Questions Rahul, Rohan and Karan's Lethargic Attitudes From Our Network Jayalalithaa releases first statement from hospital, says she has taken 'rebirth'- FirstPost Naxal-hit village in Latehar gets electricity for the first time - Pradesh18 Thousands throng gurdwaras to mark Gurpurab - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News First Woman To Fly China's J-10 Fighter Killed In Crash Bigg Boss 10, Day 28: Ex-Bigg Boss Contestants Andy, Tanishaa Take Class, Navin Gets Eliminated Cash Crunch: Micro ATMs, Old Notes For Utility Bills Till Nov 24 Scrapping Currency Cannot Deliver Corruption-Free India: Chinese media Tehchnology Will Help Develop Agricultural Pattern: Modi Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Note 7 is Officially Banned from All U.S. Flights beginning Oct 15 with Violators Risking Prosecution | Main | Apple Sued by Tennessee Woman for Overheated Phone 6 scarring her Breast » October 15, 2016 There may be Proof that a Virtual Home Button may be introduced in Next Year's Anniversary iPhone   Last month Patently Apple posted a report titled "The iPhone 7 is Proving Wildly Popular, but its new Haptics-Based Home Button is a Real Miss." The report basically covered John Gruber's review of the iPhone 7 and his distain for Apple's new Haptics based Home Button. After testing it out myself at my Local Apple Store, I had to agree with Gruber. I stated that I wished Apple would give users the option to turn off the haptics of the Home Button. Who needs them anyways. I want the functionality of the Home Button but don't need a click, a clunk, shake rattle or roll. Apple has discussed a virtual home button solution (one and two); a solution that could come our way as early as next year's iPhone so when the iPhone is turned off, there is no Home Button to see. It would only appear as a virtual button on the screen when the iPhone is on.   To confirm that this is actually being considered by Apple we only need to view the photo below of Apple's new notice regarding a problem with the haptics-based Home Button. The photo was posted in MacRumors forum by iwayne.   In the photo Apple provides a virtual onscreen home button as a work around until the iPhone could be serviced. But once again, who needs a haptics based home button anyways? A nice quite non-haptics home button would be just fine. This is the option that I was hoping for, but unfortunately it only pops up if there's a problem with the haptics-based home button as noted below. That's too bad, because it should be an official option. It's enough of an annoyance for me that I'll wait for Apple's home button solution next year.   Though at the end of the day, iwayne's photo noted below is a winner and definitely shows us what could be coming our way in next year's anniversary iPhone.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 15, 2016 at 06:45 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 6292 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Why the Calendar app in macOS Sierra can show a short memory How to retrieve older data from the Calendar app in the latest Mac operating system. Post to Facebook Why the Calendar app in macOS Sierra can show a short memory How to retrieve older data from the Calendar app in the latest Mac operating system.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eDmhmS {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Why the Calendar app in macOS Sierra can show a short memory Rob Pegoraro, Special for USA TODAY 8:44 a.m. EDT October 15, 2016 The Apple logo. (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY) Q. When I search for old events on my Mac in Sierra’s Calendar app, it doesn’t show anything older than about two years. What’s going on here? A. That’s a glitch in Apple’s new macOS Sierra, also known as version 10.12, and we seem to have been the first to bring it to the attention of the company’s developers. (You’re welcome.) The behavior in question happens when you type a search into the Calendar app for an event that happened more than two years ago: You won’t see it. For example, the CES electronics gathering has been on my schedule every year since 1998 —something one could regard as a cry for help — but in Sierra, Calendar only shows the 2015 and 2016 shows. This happens whether you have your calendars saved on your Mac or synced from a service like Google. But as a post in Apple’s tech-support forum noted, if you try the same search in Sierra’s Spotlight search, you’ll see those older items — but with much less detail visible, and mixed into a list of results from every other app on your Mac. My query to Apple PR yielded an explanation that Sierra’s version of this app, intentionally or not, had picked up on the way Calendar has treated recurring events in searches. Going back to at least last year’s El Capitan release, this program would only show the last two and the next two years’ instances of a repeating event. That makes sense for recurring appointments — who needs to see that you have New Year’s Day on your schedule from now until the end of time? But for separate appointments that have the same title, it’s less than helpful. Apple says it will fix this in an upcoming update to Sierra, although it’s too soon to say how soon. The first patch for Sierra is already in a fourth round of beta testing, so I would not expect this fix to ship with that upcoming “10.12.1” release. Meanwhile, don’t forget that you have alternatives to Apple’s software. Most cost money, but since the operating system itself is free, you shouldn’t make that a sticking point. Among Calendar alternatives, Flexibits’ $40 Fantastical seems particularly well-liked: Macworld’s Glenn Fleishman gave it 4.5 stars out of five in his review, and iMore’s Lory Gil gave it the top ranking in an August roundup of calendar apps. You could also use Google Calendar in a Web browser, but staying on top of your schedule when you’re offline won’t be too satisfying. Using a third-party calendar app makes even more sense in Windows 10, where Microsoft’s built-in Calendar app somehow offers zero support for time zones. That invites chaotic scheduling once you fly too far east or west. The best-liked alternative in the Windows Store appears to be a free app called OneCalendar — but that, too, doesn’t support time zones. If you’ve got a replacement in mind that will let me put different events in different time zones, please submit your nomination in the comments. Rob Pegoraro is a tech writer based out of Washington, D.C. To submit a tech question, e-mail Rob at rob@robpegoraro.com. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/robpegoraro 6292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eDmhmS
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Reviews > Gadget Reviews FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Watch Series 2 Review GO The original Apple Watch got a facelift… sort of Oct 15, 2016 13:00 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  INTRODUCTION THE SMARTWATCH THE FITNESS TRACKER HARDWARE BATTERY LIFE CONCLUSIONS Apple Watch has quickly become one of the best-selling wearables on the market, with statistics showing that it’s doing well in both the fitness activity tracker and the smartwatch categories. Third-party data shows that Apple Watch is the second best-selling device in combined figures that include smartwatches and activity trackers, after leader Fitbit, while Apple’s own data points to something that’s even more flattering: the Apple Watch is also the second best-selling watch, while Rolex continues to be the leading brand worldwide. The second-generation Apple Watch presented by Cupertino on September 7 during the eagerly-anticipated iPhone 7 launch was supposed to continue the success of the original model and achieve even better sales figures thanks to upgrades that customers have been drooling over for a long time. Apple calls the new model “Apple Watch Series 2,” even though the company could have launched it simply as Apple Watch 2, but given the similarities between the old and the new versions, it probably makes more sense this way. In terms of design, the new Apple Watch is almost exactly the same as its predecessor and it’s basically impossible to tell which one is which when comparing them side by side. The model we've tested and which looks quite exquisite, as you can see for yourselves in the photo gallery below, is the Stainless Steel with Milanese Loop band in 42mm size. Apple Watch Series 2 Digital Crown Hardware Apple claims that the Watch Series 2 comes with substantial hardware upgrades, and while on paper these are very obvious, not the same thing can be said about real-time performance. But let's discuss the hardware for now and scroll down to read more about performance. First and foremost, Apple has upgraded the CPU, just like it does with every new generation of the iPhone. The Watch Series 2 comes with the dual-core S2 chip, whose specs Apple is yet to unveil. Nevertheless, this is a welcome upgrade from the S1 clocked at 520 MHz. The display continues to feature sapphire crystal, which is super tough and durable, and truth be told, we can confirm this is indeed the case after using the first-generation Watch nearly every day since its launch in 2015. Sapphire is also being used on the iPhone 7's camera, so Apple's clearly betting big on this material for durability. The screen, however, got some upgrades too, and Apple says that it's now two times brighter than its predecessor. There's indeed a small difference, especially in direct sunlight, but otherwise, it's very hard to spot. Other than that, there's one major addition to the Apple Watch 2: the GPS sensor. Apple wanted to make the watch work independently from the iPhone, so it comes with a GPS sensor that can monitor your workouts and provide you with information such as route and distance. The GPS can also make the device more accurate, as it can measure distance in a more effective way. Previously, the Apple Watch was using the phone's GPS, when available, to measure distance, but figures were often off target by a big margin. Apple Watch Series 2 sensors The other features are all there, including Bluetooth and Wi-Fi support (wireless networks are being used when the iPhone is connected to the same networks too and Bluetooth is not available). The same sensor lineup continues to be available, including heart rate, gyroscope, accelerometer, and ambient light sensor. One more thing before ending the hardware section: the Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, which means that you can finally wear it in the shower and even swim with it because it won't break down. Apple says the Watch can resist in water up to 50 meters deep, and the company also offers some new workout modes for swimming. “Breaking water-ejecting feature.” Waterproofing has been achieved with the same sealing method as on the iPhone 7, with just one exception: the speakers. Because Apple still wanted the Watch to offer crystal clear sound, it used a technology patented in 2014 and which makes it possible for speakers to automatically eject water after a workout using a high-frequency sound that makes the speaker membrane vibrate. Overall, the Watch 2 comes with worthy upgrades, but hardware is not necessarily the star of the show here. The stainless steel version looks super exquisite, feels heavier just like a regular watch, and with the right band, it looks perfect with any outfit. The smartwatch Apple Watch Series 2 comes with watchOS 3.0, a major upgrade for Apple and a small one for users. There are several updates in this new release, but most of them are just minor and are unlikely to make the Apple Watch feel like a completely new product. For example, there's a new Breathe app that's supposed to help you breathe correctly, meditate, and relax, all using instructions that show up on the screen. Interesting, but certainly difficult to become a breaking feature. Additionally, the new OS version also introduces a new face with Minnie Mouse and enables the animated characters to talk the time upon touching the screen. There are some new activity-oriented faces as well, and the companion Apple Watch app on the iPhone comes with a face gallery to let you customize everything from the bigger screen. Apple also claims that the new Watch Series 2 is super fast, but after using it for a few days, it just feels like the original model. You can barely tell the difference between the two and everything seems to be loading exactly the same way on both watches. And yet, watchOS 3.0 doesn't fix some of the biggest annoyances with the Watch and the older version. Apple Watch Series 2 notifications First and foremost, you're still not allowed to configure the way notifications are displayed on your devices. When the Watch is connected, it pulls all notifications and the iPhone is completely dead, and the only way to deal with this is to disable Wrist Detection, which in turn disables some activity tracking. A potential workaround here is to keep the Watch on airplane mode when the iPhone is around you, so alerts will still arrive on your phone. The watch will continue to track your moves, only that it won't buzz on new messages. Then, it's the notification syncing between devices. There are moments when the Apple Watch fails to alert of new notifications, and given the fact that the iPhone doesn't ring because of the aforementioned reason, missing notifications is quite easy. And annoying too. It happened several times during our test to miss notifications just because we weren't aware of them and it most often affects third-party apps such as WhatsApp and Gmail. And last but not least, it's grouping notifications that's utterly annoying. When receiving multiple messages, such as on WhatsApp, a preview is no longer displayed and you're only alerted of new messages on the app with a "Dismiss" button. This isn't happening on Android Wear devices or on Samsung's Tizen, where previews are displayed no matter the number of the same notifications. The other drawbacks of the Apple Watch still exist, though, and there's still no support for third-party faces, which means that customization is kind of limited. There are some new options now, such as Minnie Mouse and other fitness-optimized faces, but support for third-party faces would be a lot more helpful to fight the boredom that many of us are very likely to experience after a while. The fitness tracker In our original Apple Watch review, we complained that the device was more smartwatch and less activity tracker, and although things have improved with the Series 2, it only happened in a rather insignificant way. GPS tracking is certainly a good addition because it can show routes and provide more accurate statistics. Whenever you go for a run, you can leave your iPhone at home because GPS helps the Watch monitor distance, routes, and provide more accurate figures for steps and burned calories. It takes its share of battery, that's true, but this is happening in the case of any other fitness tracker out there. At the same time, the GPS generates mapping data that shows lap times and displays your fastest and slowest zones, helping you to improve in a much more effective way. But that's pretty much all about it. “Swimming? Not there yet.” The swimming support that so many people are praising is just basic and it can hardly impress a professional swimmer. Truth be told, the Apple Watch becomes one of the first devices that's waterproof and comes with support for swimming, but it's really hard to use it if you want to swim on a regular basis. First of all, you have to define the length of the pool, so it can calculate how much you swim. Auto detection would clearly come in handy here and using the other sensors, such as the gyroscope, it can easily calculate the length, but for the moment, such a feature is not available. Then, it can't make a difference between various swimming styles, so no matter how you swim, it still generates the same statistics for distance and burned calories. So basically, what you get is a tracker that doesn't provide you with more than just elapsed times, distance, number of laps, and an estimation of burned calories. The waterproofing, on the other hand, is a little nice feature that certainly comes in handy, not necessarily for swimming, but also for cycling when raining. When it comes to swimming, however, the Watch 2 comes with a neat option to automatically eject the water in the speakers at the end of the workout using high-frequency sounds that make the membrane vibrate. Apple Watch Series 2 info with route generated by GPS sensor Other than that, it's exactly the Apple Watch you know. It comes with rich support for a variety of sports, it lets you set goals for each workout or per day, and thanks to watchOS 3.0, it also supports stats sharing with friends to try to convince you to exercise more. The best thing of all is that the Apple Watch continues to be super comfortable to wear and you won't even feel it on the wrist when exercising. Depending on the band, it can fit pretty much any outfit and given the luxurious look of the Stainless Steel version, you can also wear it even when wearing a suit. Overall, the Apple Watch Series 2 is 90 percent the same as its predecessor and if GPS and waterproofing are really important to you, then it's worth buying. Otherwise, we're not so sure about it. Battery life Apple says the new Watch should be able to provide longer battery life, but the experience pretty much depends on how you use the device. As we've said in our original Apple Watch review, one-day battery life is enough for the majority of customers because most of us recharge their devices during the night, as only a few actually wear them when sleeping to monitor sleep or things like that. And the Apple Watch Series 2 doesn't fall short of Cupertino's promise to offer one day of battery life. If there's an improvement over the first generation, it's only minor and we still got one day and a half (34 hours) per charge at most. “You'll charge it every night anyway.” On the other hand, if you use the new GPS sensor for monitoring workouts, you're not going to achieve the same figures, as this is the main battery hog on the new generation. GPS sensors are battery killers anyway, and the Apple Watch makes no exception. The Apple Watch 2 can be used for approximately 5 hours with GPS turned on and anything beyond that will require a charger. Working out with GPS takes approximately 20 percent per hour, whereas running or cycling without it only uses a few percentage points at most. Without a doubt, most Apple Watch 2 buyers will make use of the GPS sensor because it's there and it provides more advanced stats, so you'd better get used to everyday charging if you want to buy the new model. The bottom line For existing Apple Watch owners, the second generation comes with just two different substantial upgrades: the GPS sensor and the waterproofing. First and foremost, the GPS module is clearly a welcome addition because it provides us with stats that were previously available on devices such as Microsoft Band and Fitbit, but on the other hand, it's nothing that you couldn't live without. If you're running or cycling with the iPhone in your pocket or the backpack, you won't feel such a big difference because the Watch was already using the phone's GPS sensor for more accurate stats. On the other hand, if you want to leave your iPhone at home when working out, the second generation's GPS will certainly come in handy. As far as waterproofing is concerned, it's certainly a welcome addition, not because you can swim with it (because you won't), as the existing implementation of swimming support is still in its early days, but thanks to the fact that you no longer have to be afraid of rain. If you cycle with your Apple Watch on and it starts raining, there are almost zero chances for the new model to break down, so you can safely keep working out no matter what. Are these two features reason enough to spend several hundred dollars on a new Watch? Maybe, but some of those who already have the first-generation model and using it mostly for its smartwatch capabilities might not feel like missing anything. In the end, the number of upgrades and the small differences between the first and the second generation are probably the reason the company didn't launch it as Apple Watch 2. So in the end, yes, Apple Watch Series 2 just makes sense.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (33 Images) #Apple Watch#Apple#Apple Watch review#smartwatch review#Apple review subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Apple Watch Series 2 (33 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 7 Plus Review Huawei Honor (MediaPad) X2 Review CHUWI HiBook (Windows 10 and Android) 2-in-1 Review Samsung Gear Fit 2 Review Five Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 Microsoft Releases Interactive Mail Notifications for All Windows 10 Users KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive 33 photos    Apple Watch Series 2 Minnie Mouse face New Apps VMware Workstation Pro: Run multiple operating systems on the same computer without affecting the system's stability using this popular virtualization software dbMigration .NET: Selectively transfer items between two databases of different types with this intuitive application that supports SQLITE, MDB and SQL items VMware Workstation Player: Run several operating systems simultaneously on the same computer without any conflict by creating virtual machines or importing external images Bandizip: Fast compression and decompression tool with extensive file type support, archive spanning, encryption, multiple compression levels, integrity checker, context menu integration, and more BD Rebuilder: Back up DVD movies and shrink Blu-ray clips, create bulk jobs, configure encoding settings, apply filters, and set post-task actions using this advanced tool for seasoned PC users Batch XLS and XLSX Converter: Simple-to-configure program that helps you convert XLS files to XLSX file format or vice versa, while allowing you to pause or stop the process Type light: Providing you with basic drawing tools, this OpenType font editor enables you to create and edit unique fonts that you can use in various projects Reader comments Huawei Honor (MediaPad) X2 Review more on: Huawei i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 10/15/2016 7:10 AM What Samsung's new deal to acquire Viv Labs means for Google Assistant Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Google just debuted a digital assistant, which it hopes to place inside smartphones, watches, cars and every other imaginable internet-connected device. It's already hit a snag: Samsung's deal to acquire Viv Labs, a startup building its own AI voice-based assistant. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)   Mark Bergen Bloomberg     Google just debuted a digital assistant, which it hopes to place inside smartphones, watches, cars and every other imaginable internet-connected device. It's already hit a snag. The Alphabet Inc. division launched new smartphones last week with the artificially intelligent assistant deeply embedded. It also rolled out a speaker with the feature at its core and announced plans to let other companies tie their apps and services to the assistant. A day later, Samsung Electronics Co., one of the largest manufacturers of smartphones and other consumer devices, said it was acquiring Viv Labs, a startup building its own AI voice-based assistant. At first, the deal looked like a counterpunch to Samsung rival Apple -- Viv is run by the creators of Apple's Siri assistant. But buying Viv may be more of a problem for Google, because Samsung is the biggest maker of phones running Google's Android mobile operating system. Google strategy is now centered on the assistant, rather than its search engine, because it's a more natural way for people to interact with smartphones and other connected devices. Getting all Android phone makers to put the Google assistant on their devices would get the technology into millions of hands quickly. But Samsung's Viv deal suggests assistants are too important for phone makers to let other companies supply this feature. Last week, Samsung executive Injong Rhee said the company plans to put Viv's technology in its smartphones next year and then embed it into other electronics and home appliances. A Samsung representative and a Google spokeswoman declined to comment. That's a necessity for Samsung, according to some analysts and industry insiders. "As AI is becoming more sophisticated and valuable to the consumer, there's no question it will be important for hardware companies," said Kirt McMaster, executive chairman of Cyanogen, a startup that makes Android software. McMaster, a frequent Google critic, said other Android handset makers will likely follow Samsung's move. "If you don't have an AI asset, you're not going to have a brain," he added. Google may already have known that some Android phone makers -- known as original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs -- were reluctant to embrace its assistant. "Other OEMs may want to differentiate" Google's Android chief Hiroshi Lockheimer told Bloomberg before it released its own smartphones. "They may want to do their own thing -- their own assistant, for example." Samsung and Google have sparred in the past over distribution. Google requires Android handset makers to pre-install 11 apps, yet Samsung often puts its own services on its phones. And the South Korean company has released devices that run on its own operating system, called Tizen, not Android. Viv was frequently on the short-list of startups that could help larger tech companies build assistant technology. Founded four-years ago by Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham, the startup was working on voice technology to handle more complex queries than existing offerings. While it drummed up considerable attention and investment, Viv has not yet released its product to the public. And some analysts are skeptical of Samsung's ability to convert the technology into a credible service, given its mixed record with software applications. "It will be very hard to compete with Google's strength in data and their AI acquisitions," said Jitendra Waral, senior analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. "Samsung would need to prove that its AI solutions are superior to that of Google's. They are handicapped in this race." Samsung is also focused on handling the fallout from its exploding Galaxy Note 7 phones, potentially taking management time away from its Viv integration. But it's a race Samsung has to join. In recent years, Samsung acquired mobile-payments and connected-device startups to keep up with Apple, Google and Amazon.com Inc. Digital voice-based assistants may be more important, if they become the main way people interact with devices. Silicon Valley titans are rushing into the space because of this potential. Amazon is trying to sign up developers for its Alexa voice technology. Apple has recently touted more Siri capabilities and opened the technology to other developers. And now Google, considered the leader in artificial intelligence, is making its own push. "I don't ever remember a time when every single major consumer tech company -- and even enterprise companies -- have been singularly focused on an identical strategy," said Tim Tuttle, chief executive officer of MindMeld Inc., a startup working on voice interaction software. "They're all following the exact same playbook." --- Jungah Lee contributed. Related Article What you need to know about the Galaxy Note 7 recall   Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Bloomberg Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. Stock Rests On iPhone 7 Demand (AAPL) Investors now wait for AAPL's earnings to deliver By Michelle Jones, ValueWalk  |  Oct 15, 2016, 8:04 am EST     Popular Posts: GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Slapped With Multiple Downgrades Recent Posts: GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Slapped With Multiple Downgrades Post Election Actions to Take: Pause, Reflect, and Act Carefully Is Gold a Safe Bet No Matter What the Fed Does? View All Posts Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock has been on a nice tear of late as analysts have harped on Samsung’s (SSNLF) trash (the exploding Note 7) as Apple’s treasure. The iPhone maker’s shares finally had a tough time on Thursday, but they bounced back quickly on Friday as the countdown to the next earnings report is on. iPhone 7 sales will be a key component of Apple stock over the next several months. Apple Stock Target Upped The September quarter has just a short time covering iPhone 7 sales. This is pretty typical of September quarters, although this year’s quarter has more sale days for the newest handsets compared to the year-ago quarter with the iPhone 6s. While there are always differences in iPhone unit estimates among analysts, this year there seems to be an exceptionally wide berth where headlines are concerned. Morgan Stanley (MS) analyst Katy Huberty bumped up her price target for Apple stock by $1 per share to $124 per share based on better-than-expected iPhone 7 demand. While she said that their higher iPhone estimates in the near term are already mostly baked into Apple stock, she added that she’s getting more confident that the iPhone 7 cycle will drive “meaningful” revisions to estimates and push the shares toward her $162 bull case. Indeed, the headlines here fall into one of two categories: “iPhone 7 sales are better than expected” or “iPhone 7 sales are weak.” Of course Huberty falls into the former category and has for a long time. Apple’s Estimates Also Increased The analyst increased her estimates for Apple’s fourth fiscal quarter, as she believes the features of this year’s new phones are “compelling enough” to result in a “record number of switchers and decent number of refreshers” off Apple’s current installed base of more than 600 million iPhones. She believes that the dual-lens camera on the iPhone 7 Plus and “to a lesser extent,” Samsung’s Note 7 recall are shifting the iPhone mix toward the larger of the two phones, thus boosting the average selling price and margins. 10 Stocks That Every Investor Should Own Huberty estimates that every 10-point increase in iPhone 7 Plus mix will add $20 to the average selling price, raise the gross margin 15 basis points and add 1 or 2 cents to Apple’s earnings per share. She believes the company will come in toward the high end of guidance because iPhone 7 demand appears strong but supply is limited. As a result, she bumped up her iPhone unit estimate from 43 million to 44 million and moved her average selling price estimate from a decline of 7% to a decline of 3% due to greater demand and better mix. However, she cut her iPad unit estimates. She now pegs Apple’s September quarter at $47.2 billion in revenue, $1.65 per share in earnings, and a 38% gross margin, which are in line with consensus. They’re also close to the high end of management’s guide for $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion in revenue and 37.5% to 38% gross margin. While she sees this year as shaping up well already, she called fiscal 2018 the real supercycle. While Apple bears are relatively few compared to the general bullishness that has surrounded the company for some time, they do exist. One such example is Forbes contributor Bert Dohmen of Dohmen Capital, who said that iPhone 7 sales are so poor that Apple didn’t even release first week sales as it has in the past. However, the company has said that supply is the problem rather than demand, although this is something we won’t know until we see unit numbers for the September and December quarters (but mostly December). Dohmen argues that Apple won’t end up being the main beneficiary of Samsung’s Note 7 debacle because he believes that consumers who have had a Galaxy phone won’t return to the “Apple ‘eco-jail.’” He also noted that a “relatively small number of people” use the Note, which is also a very large device. The Love Story Is Over for Twitter Inc (TWTR) As a result, he suggests that Note 7 users may be more likely to turn to other Android devices such as Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL) new Pixel phones. Apple stock edged upward by as much as 0.28% to $117.31 during regular trading hours on Friday, and closed ahead 0.56% at $117.62 per share. The post Apple Stock Rests On iPhone 7 Demand, Earnings Even More Nail-biting appeared first on ValueWalk. Many academics claim investing is a “random walk.” We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name “ValueWalk.” Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.  Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors More From InvestorPlace 7 Make-or-Break Earnings Reports Coming in October The 10 Best Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy for Q4 Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/apple-stock-rests-on-iphone-7-demand-earnings-even-more-nail-biting/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Send a Tip Giveaways @appmodo iPadmodo Appmodo iPhone Android BlackBerry Windows Phone Reviews Games How To Free Apps Send a Tip Twitter RSS Harbor Crane Challenge on iOS, Apple TV, Android, Windows 10 Phone & PC By Adam on Oct 15, 2016 at 3:19 am Farmers Branch, Texas – Magnin & Associates today is proud to announce its new Harbor Crane Challenge 1.0 for iOS, Apple TV, and Android. A Windows 10 Phone & PC version should be available soon. Everyone is depending on you to unload and load the massive container ship that just pulled up to your dock. The Control room view features zoomable video screens, showing the container and crane from three different angles. Use the on-screen controllers to move the crane left and right, the container from the ship to the dock or the dock to the ship, and raise and lower the container onto the ship or the waiting truck. Assignments appear on control room console display. Three gameplay modes: * Ship to truck * Truck to ship * Alternating Optionally shares your accomplishments with Facebook, Twitter, email, or instant messaging. (iOS and Android) The game was produced by Ed Magnin, programmed by Willie Johnson, Jr, graphics by Justin Stillman. and Matt Campana created the music and excellent audio effects. According to Ed Magnin, “This is another of those ‘wish I could do’ games. Of course they’re never going to let me do it.” The Windows 10 version allows play on everything from a Windows Phone to a variety of PC configurations using mouse, keyboard, or even Xbox One controller. Note: There are currently no direct links to the Apple TV App Store. The Apple TV App Store is currently only viewable from an Apple TV. To quickly locate the game, just open the App Store on your Apple TV and search for either “Magnin” or “Harbor Crane Challenge”. Device Requirements (iOS): * Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch * Requires iOS 6.0 or later * Universal App (supports iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad, including standard, Retina, and iPhone 5 displays) * 86.9 MB * Rated 4 Device Requirements (Apple TV): * Fourth-generation Apple TV * Requires tvOS 9.0 or later * 38.2 MB * Rated 4 Pricing and Availability: Harbor Crane Challenge 1.0 is $1.99 USD (or equivalent amount in other currencies) and available worldwide through the App Store in the Games category. An Android version is available worldwide from both Google Play and Amazon AppStore. A Windows 10 Phone & PC version will be available from the Windows Store. The Apple TV version is a Free download to previous purchasers of the iOS version. Magnin & Associates Harbor Crane Challenge 1.0 YouTube Video Image (Title Screen) App Icon Ed Magnin has been actively involved in the game industry since 1979. Earlier in his career he worked for some of the top game developers of their day – MicroProse, Cinemaware, Virgin Games, and Park Place Productions. In 1993, he founded Magnin & Associates and has focused on handheld games ever since. For the last 6 years they have created over 20 for games the iOS (with over a million App Store downloads), many of which are also available for Android, and Windows 10 Phone & PC. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2016 Magnin & Associates. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPod and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. Filed: Press Releases Recent Comments Latest Press Releases iClassics Productions Anniversary: Sherlock Holmes Free for Limited Time Posted on Nov 11, 2016 at 7:33 am AC Sabre Offers Sophisticated, Gestural MIDI Control with iOS Devices Posted on Nov 11, 2016 at 3:03 am Letter Head adds a unique twist to word building games Posted on Nov 10, 2016 at 7:18 am EnKryptonite Launched the Updated Version of Its Popular Encryption App Posted on Nov 10, 2016 at 7:03 am A fresh take on the endless runner genre to keep fans addicted Posted on Nov 10, 2016 at 4:33 am Havefunsoft releases Bomber Kat for iOS – Addictive and Fun to Play Posted on Nov 9, 2016 at 3:18 am More from Latest Press Releases Other Links • iPadmodo • AppChatter • AppTrailers About Appmodo Appmodo is a game review and mobile applications blog covering applications, games, utilities, hardware, accessories, news, and more for the Apple iPhone, Apple iPod Touch, Apple iPad, Android, Windows Phone, and BlackBerry. Editorial Director Chris Duke © Copyright 2016 Duke Networks, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Home | About | Contact | Send a Tip
null
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple iPad Air 3 Still Surrounded by Conflicting Rumors, Are Apple Continuing the Line? Let’s See Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: October 16, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» There is still no information on the horizon about the Apple iPad Air 3, and of course, Apple themselves are keeping completely quiet on the issue. Meanwhile, we’ve seen various rumors around the Internet, and some paint the development of the device in quite the negative light. In fact, some of the rumors imply that Apple are going to cancel the iPad Air line completely. The reason, according to these rumors, is that the company is getting a bit overwhelmed trying to maintain their multiple lines at the moment, and they want to optimize their production by focusing on a smaller number of products more efficiently. And considering that the iPad Air has long had an overlap with certain other devices by the company, those rumors say, it makes sense that Apple would want to cut it out. However, others are saying that Apple have no such plans on their mind right now, and that the company is actually looking to actively work on all of their current lines. It’s a messy situation for sure. And without an official statement from Apple, it’s only going to get worse, especially with the holiday season approaching. It’s a great period for people to propagate the most ridiculous rumors they come across, and we have no doubt that Apple’s products are going to be affected by this. What are the more positive rumors saying about the iPad Air 3? The device could pack some impressive specifications if those claims are correct, particularly on the physical design side. It’s possible that we may see an iPad Air 3 with an even slimmer and more lightweight frame than before, as Apple’s engineers have been working hard in that direction. This won’t come at the cost of processing power though, as some of the predictions for the iPad Air 3 speak of an A10 processor. This will bring the device in line with Apple’s current flagship mobile products, and it should offer more than enough power for not only everyday use, but also more advanced tasks suitable for “power users”. As for the most important question – the release date – there is no information from Apple so far. Nobody expects the tablet to hit the market in 2016 at this point though, but nobody seems to have a good idea when in 2017 we can expect it either. If Apple really are working on the iPad Air 3 though, they should probably try to get the device ready by the spring season, or at least by the first half of the year in the latest. Competition in this market segment has been growing steadily, and Apple no longer have the advantage of having such a unique form factor. Other manufacturers have been going after the same idea, some quite successfully, and some are saying that this could also explain Apple’s delay in releasing their own new tablet. The company could be waiting for their competitors to make a more serious move, after which they would try to compete with the new product directly. If this rumor turns out to be true, it’s probably not a bad idea to watch out for interesting events in other areas of the market for hints about Apple’s own moves. In other words, the release of an attractive-looking slim tablet by another company could be the trigger that Apple are waiting for. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Gears of War 4 Performs Great on the Market, Anniversary DLC Coming, Game to Possibly Run on Project Scorpio November 13, 2016 Left 4 Dead 3 Rumors Start Up Again, Are Valve Preparing Something behind the Scenes? November 13, 2016 Apple iOS Jailbreak Made more Difficult with Latest 10.2 Beta, System Keeps Getting New Official Features November 13, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Syria Children's Hospital People are going mad for the newly reopened Regent Street Apple store PreviousNext 15/10/2016 - 12:11:49Back to Business Home If you’ve walked along London’s Regent Street in recent months, you might have been disappointed to see that the Apple Store has been closed for renovations. But now you can rejoice, because on Saturday morning the store reopened its doors to the public after huge amounts of anticipation. And boy does it look slick. (Dominic Lipinski/PA) Apple fanatics aren’t exactly known for being low-key in their adoration of the brand – and safe to say, people were thrilled with the new store. Refurbished Apple Store on Regent St looking pretty special pic.twitter.com/U1gCOeYj7z— Stuart Harris (@stuharrisqre) October 13, 2016 At the reopening of Apple Store, Regent Street. It's beautiful. @szifon @istylehu pic.twitter.com/OuP2DHHblQ— Alex (@alexmtk) October 15, 2016 The Regent St @Apple Store refurb is impressive 👌🏼 pic.twitter.com/mQSd3HBXjL— Cath Willcox (@redcath) October 13, 2016 There was quite the party spirit to the occasion, with Apple staff cheering the new customers as they came in. Apple Regent Street re-opening ft Angela Ahrendts A video posted by Andrew Hart (@andrewprojdent) on Oct 15, 2016 at 2:17am PDT Just walked past the reopening of the Apple Store in Regent Street. The staff have formed a guard of honour and are cheering each customer— Dave Beesley (@davebeesley) October 15, 2016 For some, the store transported them away from a somewhat grey day in London. Apple Store on Regent Street actually looks like another planet! They've pulled out all the stops for the refurbishment! Whoa...— MannyNorte (@MannyNorte) October 14, 2016 People just couldn’t handle the store’s plant game. At a special pre-opening thing for the new Apple Store at Regent. Lots of foliage on the walls and stuff. V. swish. pic.twitter.com/MlJsAUpoRw— Alice Bell (@BabyGotBell) October 14, 2016 the first thing i'm gonna do when I go back to london on monday is go to the new regent street apple store. it has plants. PLANTS 🌱— Ellis (@hell0ellis) October 14, 2016 Others got quite arty in their appreciation. The new Apple Store on regent street is quite special pic.twitter.com/K3fJOzjOsJ— George Muncey (@gmunchiez) October 14, 2016 However, with all the hype surrounding the store, some people were expecting a little bit more. The long-awaited reopening of Regent St's Apple store reveals that - it's exactly the same! I thought there'd be mermaids & unicorns. pic.twitter.com/HvxWtQwiIt— Christopher Fowler (@Peculiar) October 13, 2016 Hey, you can’t win them all. But it certainly looks like the new store has done a good job at winning over most: if you’re headed to the newly refurbished store, be prepared for a bit of a crowd. (Dominic Lipinski/PA) KEYWORDS: Apple, Apple Store, BT, Regent Street   send us stuff PreviousNext Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Four Chip Picks as Earnings Improve Top picks include Broadcom, Microchip Technology, KLA-Tencor and Intel. Oct. 13, 2016 2:57 p.m. ET Credit Suisse In the calendar second quarter we argued “Not Down Is the New Up.” In the calendar third quarter, “Up Is the New Up.” Despite the calendar third- and fourth-quarter estimates that are above-seasonal, we expect semiconductors to report in line with upside bias, especially semiconductors levered to PCs/Apple (ticker: AAPL): 1) excluding-Apple semiconductor revenue estimates are about in line with seasonal; 2)... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Trump Victory Sparks a Sharp Rally. What’s Next? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gundlach: Bond Yields Could Hit 6% in Five Years Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump Win Creates Winners, Losers Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Panera, Whole Foods, Yes; Chipotle, Kroger, No Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Millennials and Trump: This Was No Brexit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Australia's Pearl Industry Struggles to Shine 2 Barron's Buzz: Trump: Where to Invest Now 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Disney and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Log In Register Features Good Times Local News Schools Bus Routes Neighbors Obituaries Police Sports Sports Hall of Fame E-Edition Contact Us Forms Privacy Policy Town Pages RSS Place an Ad Subscription Letter: Apple Harvest Committee thanks supporters October 15, 2016 We invite readers to contribute letters to the editor. Please include a name, address, and phone number and email us at JGoralski@ SouthingtonObserver.com. There is a limit of 350 words. To the editor: Following the 48th Annual Apple Harvest, we wanted to thank our Community for another successful Apple Harvest Festival. The event is a tradition that exemplifies the great community of Southington. The Apple Harvest Festival Committee would like to thank all of the volunteers that make the festival a success. There are numerous individuals and organizations in town that put forth a tremendous amount of effort throughout the two-weekend event. We would also like to send appreciation for all of our sponsors. Our platinum sponsors this year were Liberty Bank and Cox Communications.  Without the support of our Sponsors, the Festival would not be sustainable.  I hope that our community will support our sponsors the same way they have supported the town and the festival. Our entire committee and all of the volunteers take great pride in giving back to the community to ensure that the Apple Harvest Festival is a place filled with fun, enjoyment and memories. We hope that you enjoyed the 48th Annual Apple Harvest Festival, and we look forward to seeing you next year. Thank you. Tom Lombardi and Cheryl Lounsbury, 2016 Apple Harvest Festival Committee co-chairs Tags: Letter to the Editor Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Search Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (7)TAG/ESTATE SALES (3)SERVICE DIRECTORY (12)RECREATIONAL VEHICLES (2)REAL ESTATE - SALES (2)REAL ESTATE - RENT (37)NOTICES (5)MERCHANDISE (26)EMPLOYMENT (36)ANNOUNCEMENTS (1) Recent Posts Scoreboard: Sports Results on Friday, Nov. 11 and Saturday, Nov. 12 Shockwave rallies for a division title Southington Soccer Club supports the pantry United Way Festival of Trees, Nov. 16 at the Aqua Turf Want to flip the switch? White Christmas in the Community holiday lighting contest Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Southington Observer Bristol Observer Plainville Observer Other Websites Citizens News Republican American Open Houses Contests An error has occurred, which probably means the feed is down. Try again later. Special Sections See All Ads See All Ads
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Offers a Temporary Workaround if the Home Button Fails on an iPhone 7 Saturday October 15, 2016 4:35 am PDT by Tim Hardwick With the introduction of the iPhone 7, Apple did away with the classic click-mechanism home button in favor of a "solid-state" pressure sensitive one that uses haptic feedback to mimic traditional button presses. The programming that controls the Taptic Engine-powered feedback is deeply integrated into iOS 10, so much so that it appears Apple's latest iPhone is able to automatically offer a temporary workaround when its diagnostic software senses that the technology is playing up. MacRumors forum member 'iwayne' shared the above picture of his iPhone 7 display after the device unexpectedly turned itself off while charging and the haptic feedback began malfunctioning after a restart. A dialog prompt warns that the home button is in need of repair, but presents an alternative onscreen home button for temporary use until the phone has been turned in to Apple for servicing. MacRumors has previously noted that the Taptic Engine can become unresponsive if the OS freezes, which forced Apple to change the reset process for the iPhone 7 series. Apple has also apparently safeguarded against instances when the button's haptic sensor system breaks completely, but whether or not its failure rate is any better than a physical button remains to be seen. Rumors suggest Apple will ditch the iconic home button entirely for next year's "iPhone 8" in favor of one built directly into an edge-to-edge display, but it's unclear if Apple intends to implement the same button-based recovery methods for instances in which devices freeze or stop responding completely. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tag: Taptic Engine [ 269 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) djcerla 4 weeks ago Software is much more prone to bugs than hardware failure. Physical buttons are best in many instances! The physical button of the iPhone has constantly been a point of failure, to the point that in Far Eastern countries often it isn't used at all to preserve the resale value (they use Accessibility features instead). The car manufactures began using touch controls for volume, temperature, etc a few years back until, unsurprisingly, they started returning to physical buttons shortly thereafter In the car, touch controls are bad for a completely different reason: because you can't find them without looking. Rating: 100 Votes djcerla 4 weeks ago Plenty of issues here as well. Kinda happy mine hasn't arrived yet. If it hasn't arrived yet, how can you have issues there? Rating: 77 Votes Adam Warlock 4 weeks ago Just one more point of possible failure that will end up frustrating customers. The car manufactures began using touch controls for volume, temperature, etc a few years back until, unsurprisingly, they started returning to physical buttons shortly thereafter. Software is much more prone to bugs than hardware failure. Physical buttons are best in many instances! Rating: 48 Votes marvz 4 weeks ago It's good to have a fallback, but the aim is to never need a fallback. Why is a device so new already popping up such errors? iPhone 7 is truly an experimental device release. Looking forward to 2017's all new device. You know how many iPhone 7's have been sold, right? Millions. If only one of 1 million iPhones has this problem it means 0.0001 %. But yeah this iPhone is such an experimental device. Please stop posting this nonsense. [doublepost=1476529947][/doublepost] Never heard that. Why would people in the Far East be more sensitive to preserving their home buttons than in the West? That's one reason, certainly, but it's also because of higher failure rates & poor feedback. Then don't post such arguments if you don't know nothing. iPhone's old physical Home Button is the part that has to be repaired the most. Rating: 33 Votes Sunnysunnysingh 4 weeks ago Love my old clicking home button Rating: 27 Votes keysofanxiety 4 weeks ago This is properly clever. It also demonstrates just how much thought Apple put into designing the new home button. Not only how it functions when it goes right — but what happens when it goes wrong. Rating: 26 Votes philmore13 4 weeks ago You people are ridiculous. All you do is whine.....what a worthless thread. Rating: 25 Votes tentales 4 weeks ago With the introduction of the iPhone 7, Apple did away with the classic click-mechanism home button in favor of a "solid-state" pressure sensitive one that uses haptic feedback to mimic traditional button presses. ... the haptic feedback began malfunctioning after a restart. A dialog prompt warns that the home button is in need of repair, but presents an alternative onscreen home button for temporary use until the phone has been turned in to Apple for servicing. MacRumors has previously noted that the Taptic Engine can become unresponsive if the OS freezes, Isn't that just trading one simple problem for a more complex one ? Physical buttons can break, but so can the IMO more complex eccentric rotating mass vibration motor. Electric motors, even miniature ones are surely more complex beasts than a simple trigger button, no ? If previously the physical button was working independent of OS freeze ups and able to reset the phone in conjunction with the power button, then why remove the button and place a surely more costly device like this haptic engine in its place, including a pressure sensitive button to activate the motor via software and in addition remove the headphone jack because of it. Seems a bit convoluted to me. Rating: 17 Votes Douglas B 4 weeks ago I firmly believed that the new Home button had no 'moving parts' and would therefore be less prone to failure. I hope we get to hear back some details on the fix for this. Rating: 16 Votes Dagless 4 weeks ago Apple has been able to come up with a temporary workaround when the iPhone's diagnostic software senses that the technology is playing up. Hah, love the wording. "Temporary workaround" "playing up". You can just say if it's broken. Apple won't punish you that much. Rating: 13 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 22 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store 3 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today opened up a new section of its iOS App Store called "For Those Who Serve" in honor of Veterans Day today, November 11. The company said that the collection of apps within the new... 11 comments iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays 3 days ago on iOS Blog iPhone display supplier Japan Display is in "advanced talks" with the government-backed fund Innovation Network Corp. of Japan to receive around ¥75 billion ($703 million) in financing,... 9 comments New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 3 days ago on iOS Blog In September, Yahoo confirmed that at least 500 million of its users' accounts had been compromised during an attack in late 2014. Now, in a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange... 26 comments Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines 3 days ago on iOS Blog Snapchat's video-recording Spectacles became available to buy in the U.S. on Thursday, not online or in stores, but from pop-up vending machines. Called 'Snapbots', the giant... 18 comments Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes 3 days ago on Mac Blog Spotify's desktop music streaming app has been accused of putting an unnecessary burden on users' machines by continuously writing massive amounts of data to local storage, even when the app... 56 comments Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store 3 days ago on Mac Blog Apple over the past two days has started approving Mac App Store apps that have been updated with Touch Bar support on the new MacBook Pro. One of the first Touch Bar apps is OmniGraffle 7, a... 44 comments • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11) • Instagram Update Introduces Boomerang and User Mentions Into Stories (3) • Apple's Extended Holiday Return Policy Now in Effect (29) • Apple Maps Now Provides Traffic Conditions in Bulgaria, Slovakia, and Slovenia (11) • Apple TV Universal Search Now Includes MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed (5) • Best Buy Unveils Black Friday Deals on iPad, MacBook Air, Apple TV, and More (24) • Classic Strategy Game 'Rome: Total War' Now Available on iPad for $9.99 (8)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its stores – VentureBeat Posted on October 14, 2016 by VentureBeat Apple has been quietly removing security tethers that keep display iPhones from being stolen from its stores, which could make it a little easier for thieves to walk out with them in their pocket. Though apparently, Apple isn’t all that worried about it. Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Models Now Available At Most Apple Stores In The USTech Times You can finally pick up an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black at most Apple retail storesBGR Apple iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Updates: Already Out of Stock Online; Camera On iPhone 7 Plus Better Than DSLR?Gamenguide Digital Trends -BetaNews -Seeking Alpha -iTech Post all 85 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Models Now Available At Most Apple Stores In The US – Tech Times Posted on October 14, 2016 by Tech Times The Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus is now landing on Apple stores across the United States, but even though availability is widespread, it’s expected to be quickly sold out because of the high demand for it. ( Spencer Platt | Getty Images ). Advertisement. A … Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its storesVentureBeat You can finally pick up an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black at most Apple retail storesBGR Apple will no longer secure its iPhones with cables in some retail storesDigital Trends iTech Post -BetaNews -Mac Rumors -AppleInsider (press release) (blog) all 85 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
    Monday 14 November 2016 This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. See our cookie policy for further details on how to block cookies. I am happy with this Home News Latest News News by Area Photosales Your Letters Archive Weather Public Notices Sport Football Rugby Cricket Athletics Angling Boxing Golf Darts Hockey Swimming Other Gallery Leisure Arts Film Music Stage Events Tourism Holidays Dating Competitions Community Family Announcements Junior Advertiser Dating Public Notices Women's Useful Links Property Property of the Week Find An Agent Contact Agents Jobs Motors Compact Cars Family Cars Sporting Cars Luxury Cars 4x4s Vans & Pickups Private Car Sales Book Online Dealer Locator Our Services Photosales Family Announcements Subscriptions Leaflets Number One Holidays Contact Us / Advertise with us Classified Services All Business Profiles Enhance Your Listing Missing Listing? Search News Southwell From pies to poetry - focus falls on the Bramley Poll  From pies to poetry - focus falls on the Bramley 8:00am Sat Oct 15, 2016 Tweet   The new Dean of Southwell, the Very Rev Nicola Sullivan, will open the Bramley Apple Festival in Southwell Minster a week on Saturday. The chairman, Mr Roger Merryweather said the festival would focus on everything Bramley, from the WI apple pie competition to arts and crafts, as well as the festival of food and drink. “With the declining health of the original Bramley apple tree very much on people’s minds, Southwell’s popular Bramley Apple Festival has increased significance this year,” he said. The event is being supported by Veolia Envirogrant as well as Nottinghamshire County Council, Southwell Town Council, the NFU and Kenwood, which has enabled the festival to have events in and around the town. There will be apple-themed activities at the National Trust’s Southwell Workhouse and cookery demonstrations in the Recycle for Nottinghamshire Cookery Area. There will be more than 30 stalls featuring local produce, as well as a Young Bramley Chef Of The Year competition. The minster will display different varieties of apples from John Hempsall’s East Markham Heritage Orchard, and there will be children’s crafts and cookery demonstrations in the Archbishop’s Palace and Education Centre. The WI apple pie competition and apple day stalls will be in the Bramley Centre. Southwell Library is organising apple-themed activities and will host the prize-giving ceremony in the WI competition on the Saturday, and for painting and poetry competitions the following day. A Bramley apple king, queen, prince and princess will be crowned on the Saturday afternoon. Shops have been asked to have apple-themed window display, and visitors to the town are being encouraged to go on a Southwell Bramley Apple Heritage walk. The festival will also feature music and dance by the Lord Conyers Morris Men and the Minster School Ceilidh Band. More information about the festival is available from the Tourist Information Centre on 01636 819038 or online at www.visitsouthwell.com By commenting you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions. Read our comments and complaints policy. Posted by Advertiser Reporter   Latest news  Story of remembrance brought home in Balderton  Remembrance Day: Services held across the Advertiser area  Remembrance in pictures - one town's tribute. Newark fell silent to remember the fallen.  Creativity flows in coffee shop for former teacher  Manager of the year award for Donna  Newark Half-marathon to return in 2017  Mrs Christmas comes to town  Council will help foot bill for cricket pitch  Car severely damaged in fire  Towering effort for fire crews' training  Town falls silent to honour the fallen  Harpist to feature on orchestra poster  A1 re-opens following two-lorry crash  NSK staff mark centenary with 100-mile challenge  Bid to make Southwell buildings community assets News by area Newark  Remembrance in pictures - one town's tribute. Newark fell silent to remember the fallen.  District council to close its Town Hall payment office Southwell  Newark Half-marathon to return in 2017  Bid to make Southwell buildings community assets Bingham  Accidents lead to calls for cycle paths  Tesco Bingham store plans are scrapped     More NewarkAdvertiser.co.uk News Latest News News In Pictures Your Letters Archive Submit A Story Sport Football Rugby Cricket Athletics Angling Boxing Golf Darts Hockey Swimming Other Sport Leisure Arts Film Music Stage Events Horoscopes Tourism Holidays Your Community Junior Advertiser Family Notices Dating Our Services Photo sales Images from the past Subscription Leaflets Media Pack Cookie policy Contact Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Delivery Policy Property Hot Properties Buying Renting Find An Agent Contact Agents Recruitment Motors Classified Services Disclaimer | Website Designed and Maintained by Advertiser Web Services The Newark Advertiser Co Ltd website and the contents of its pages are © Advertiser Media Group, Unit 9 & 10 Halifax Court, Fernwood Business Park, Cross Lane, Newark, Notts, NG24 3JP. Reproduction in any form, printing or downloading of part or all of the contents is forbidden without specific written authorisation from the company. No part of contents of the Newark Advertiser Co Ltd website may be reproduced on or transmitted to or stored in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines UK news world news politics environment business tech science money headlines US election US news world environment business US politics tech science money headlines australia news world news australian politics environment economy immigration indigenous australia media tech headlines world news UK news environment business tech science cities development opinion opinion home Polly Toynbee Owen Jones Marina Hyde George Monbiot Gary Younge Nick Cohen more columnists the guardian view our cartoonists opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning more columnists opinion home first dog on the moon Katharine Murphy Kristina Keneally Richard Ackland Van Badham Lenore Taylor Jason Wilson Brigid Delaney more columnists opinion home columnists the guardian view cartoons sport sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing racing rugby league US sports sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis sport home football australia sport AFL NRL a-league cricket rugby union tennis cycling sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing US sports arts culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games culture home film music tv & radio books stage art & design games culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home food family love & sex health & fitness home & garden women travel fashion lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs dating professional masterclasses courses holidays today's paper the observer crosswords apps jobs crosswords video apps masterclasses crosswords video apps dating jobs masterclasses today's paper the observer crosswords video Facebook Twitter sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Consumer rights Does Apple’s iPad Pro fail the cracked screen test? The super-slim tablet is said by some to crack too easily. And when the tech giant charges £566 for a repair, is it being unfair? Just three months after Jonathan Hassid bought his iPad, it developed a crack on its screen. Miles Brignall Saturday 15 October 2016 02.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Apple’s swishest iPad yet – the ultra-slim Pro – is thinner, lighter and has an “amazing screen”, according to reviews. But some buyers are finding that the screens crack too easily and are flabbergasted when Apple demands £556 to repair it. One customer, Londoner Jonathan Hassid, paid £1,086 for his 12.9 inch iPad Pro, plus £150 for Apple’s own screen protector. But just three months later the iPad developed a crack on its screen, even though, Hassid says, it had never been bashed or dropped. What stunned him was the reaction from Apple. The businessman, who spends several weeks at a time in Italy, taking his iPad with him, now questions whether the super-thin tablet is robust enough to be carried around and, in the words of the Consumer Rights Act, is “fit for purpose”. He also wants to know how the company can justify such a high repair bill for something he reckons is likely to happen to many other buyers. Apple launched the Pro just under a year ago, claiming that it offered the thinnest and lightest iPad screen yet. It is now sold in two sizes – one with a 9.7-inch screen and the larger 12.9-inch. It is set to be upgraded in the next few weeks when the Pro 2 is launched. In May, Hassid chose the then most expensive Pro and paid the Apple website £1,086 for the 256GB version, plus extra for the screen-protecting cover. He says he used the iPad normally – although he admits he let his children use it to watch films – and says he was bemused to open the cover a few months into his ownership to see a large crack in the screen. “Obviously, I can’t be certain that we didn’t cause it, but there is no evidence of any other damage. What shocked me was the reaction of the AppleCare person when I called. “They were utterly contemptuous on the phone, refusing to countenance the idea that the crack may be a manufacturing defect or offering any practical help other than telling me to give them £556 for the repair. Having patronised me, they eventually hung up,” he says. A search of the web suggests Hassid is not alone, although the number of people complaining about cracked screens is few, relative to the number of sales. For some people Apple has replaced them free of charge, while others are told they must pay. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The recently refurbished Apple store on London’s Regent Street. Photograph: Leon Neal/Getty Images “I have had three iPads that have taken much abuse and never cracked a screen. The iPad Pro is very flimsy and has a weak screen,” wrote one customer on Apple’s discussion page. Another reported buying her husband one for Christmas and, by Boxing Day, it had cracked. “We did NOT drop it and placed it straight into a protective case, and we can only figure that the case itself (made of plastic) has exerted enough pressure to cause the screen to crack in one place then another … Apple wanted me to pay 80% of the cost to replace it, this is all within a five-day period. I definitely think there are some serious quality issues. Is one meant to wrap the device up in cotton wool?” she asked. Kyle Wiens, who runs iFixit.com, a US-based website that helps tech fans repair their products, notes the original iPads had a much thicker screen. Under the hood: discover 13 hidden iPad features Read more “Apple is making a trade-off between thinness and durability. They want it to be light enough so you can hold it with one hand without tiring, but that comes at a cost. The part is expensive because you have to buy a new LCD, as well as the glass. “We always mention this in our repairability scores when the device comes out. But, alas, people tend to ignore our scores and buy them anyway,” he says. A spokesman for Apple told Guardian Money: “It’s always been the case that we need to inspect units to assess damage. Looking at them helps determine the extent of the repair, and get an understanding of whether there’s a material defect or other mechanical failure under warranty. Customers can send it to us or visit an Apple store or authorised repair centre. In the event damage is not found to be accidental, we will repair or replace the device without fee.” He defended the high cost of repairs and said this is a result of the screen’s sophistication. He also pointed out that the company offers AppleCare+ for iPad – an £89 insurance product that provides up to two incidents of accidental damage, subject to a £39 excess. Meanwhile, following Money’s intervention, Hassid was invited to take his cracked Pro into the Rome Apple store, where staff were much more helpful and have agreed to replace it for free. “Obviously, I am relieved that I will be getting a new one, but I still think this needs to be aired. A tablet is designed to be carried around, but is this one up to it? I’d like to know how Apple thinks it is reasonable to design a product in this way. I was told the glass can no longer be replaced, instead the whole unit must be chucked in the bin and replaced. If this is true then I think this is utterly outrageous from both a consumer and environmental perspective – it’s absurd,” he says. Peeling away the prices at Apple Out-of-warranty screen repairs to an iPad Pro may set the price bar eye-wateringly high, but it doesn’t end there with Apple. In most cases, if you are happy to look beyond branded items there are cheaper alternatives both for repairs and Apple compatible add-ons. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo iPad Pro 12.9-inch smart cover Apple: £59 eBay: £10 A basic smart cover for this iPad will set you back £59 on the Apple website, but on eBay or Amazon they typically cost between £10 and £15, and in some cases less. Some will wonder if they come from the same Chinese factory. USB/Lightning cable (1m) Apple: £19 eBay: £2.08 This is one of the prices that really annoys customers – how much money does Apple make out of charging £19 (£35 for the 2m version) for a cable that costs just £2 elsewhere? Ironically, if you think paying Apple £19 will at least guarantee a decent product, think again. Some buyers report that their cable only worked for a few weeks/months before they had to buy another. iPhone 5 replacement screen Apple: £126 iMend.com: £60 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Liz McBurney Why pay Apple £126 to replace the screen on your iPhone 5 – or £255 if the local genius deems there is additional damage. Instead, why not take it to a third-party repairer such as iMend.com, which will charge you £60 if you send it in or, for £75, will send out its local techie who will carry out the repair at your home or workplace. The same company quoted £350 this week to repair the screen on an iPad Pro 12.9 – again, a big saving on the £556 Apple wanted, although in this case you have to send it in for repair. iPad Pro 12.9-inch smart keyboard Apple: £169 Logitech: £110 Switch from Apple to the well-regarded Logitech keyboard and you will save almost £60 (or 35%), plus you get a two-year warranty. Headphone adapter iPhone 7 Apple: £9 eBay: £3.60 The latest iPhone has ditched the old 3.5mm headphone socket, meaning you need one of these to use your favourite old headphones. Lose yours and Apple wants £9. Head elsewhere and you’ll pay less than half price. Mac Mouse Apple: £40 Logitech: £9.80 Mac users who want to replace their traditional mouse will face a £40 bill at Apple, while the wizzier Magic Mouse 2 will set them back £65. The popular Logitech B100 is an Amazon best-seller for £6.12 in black or £9.80 if you prefer a matching white model. Apple’s own Magic Mouse 2 is £55 on Amazon. More features Topics Consumer rights iPad Apple Computing Tablet computers Consumer affairs Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Money › Consumer rights Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Loop: New iPhone 8 Leaks, Samsung Surrenders To Apple, Fixing The iPhone 7’s Biggest Problems – Forbes Posted on October 14, 2016 by Forbes Taking a look back at seven days of news across the world of Apple, this week’s Apple Loop includes leaks and rumors around next year’s iPhone 8, a reminder on how Apple makes money, questioning Siri’s stupidity, more sensors packed under the curved … You can finally pick up an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black at most Apple retail storesBGR You Can Now Buy The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Without A Carrier From Apple In The USTech Times Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its storesBusiness Insider Mac Rumors -AppAdvice -Gotta Be Mobile -CNET all 79 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Models Now Available At Most Apple Stores In The US 14 October 2016, 11:34 pm EDT By Vincent Lanaria Tech Times Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing The Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus is now landing on Apple stores across the United States, but even though availability is widespread, it's expected to be quickly sold out because of the high demand for it.  ( Spencer Platt | Getty Images ) Advertisement A little over a month ago, the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus went official, but it quickly became a rarity of sorts — it's unclear whether it's because of insurmountable demand, insufficient production or a mix of the two. Fast-forward to today, it's now back at most Apple stores in the United States. This goes without saying, but there's a good chance that supplies will be quickly cleaned out, considering that the larger iPhone 7 with that particular color option has plenty of fans out there. This news comes from Mac Rumors, and using the dedicated website for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus availability iStockNow, the Apple-focused outlet found that the smartphone in question started hitting shelves at several retail stores of the Cupertino brand. At the time of this writing, the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus is up for grabs across a couple of states, including Nevada, Colorado and Kansas, to name a few. A quick word on how iStockNow tracks availability of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: It uses Google Maps to provide info in real time regarding the two handsets at Apple stores, and it goes beyond the United States too. Mac Rumors notes that the details are likely based on the "reservation system backend" of the smartphone maker. Interestingly enough, the 128 GB variant appears to be the more popular option compared with the 256 GB model. Now, as mentioned earlier, stocks will probably sell like hotcakes. That said, it's advised to phone in a reservation at a local retailer or place a reservation online as soon as possible. As a little refresher, the 128 GB iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black will hold buyers back by $869, and the 256 GB variant by $969, and it's available across the four major U.S. carriers AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon. It's also worth pointing out that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus recently became available without a carrier directly from Apple, allowing users to have the option to choose which service provider they prefer at a later date. Long story short, the highly coveted Apple-branded flagship clad in what proved to be the most popular color option is now widespread, and those who have been itching to get their hands on it better act quick. With all said and done, will you be grabbing the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus now that it has become pretty much widely available? If so, feel free to hit us up in the comments section to let us know. TAG Apple, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles You Can Now Buy The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Without A Carrier From Apple In The US Apple To Get 8 Million Additional iPhone Sales In 2016 Thanks To Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Problem Olloclip Introduces 3 New Lenses For iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Core, Active And Macro Pro Lens Sets Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 7: Which Smartphone Camera Wins In A Blind Camera Test? iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 6s Speed Test Video Shows How The A10 Fusion Chip Compares To The A9 Processor In Performance And Speed [Video] From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > Apple is now selling unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets in the US Apple is now selling unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets in the US Friday, 14 October 2016 Apple is now selling unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones in the United States. The SIM-free versions of the latest models will work with any US network, Apple says, with prices starting at $649 for the iPhone 7, and $769 for the larger iPhone 7 Plus. The unlocked devices come in the full range of iPhone 7 colors and storage capacities, but are only available from Apple's online store at the moment, and there's no option for in-store pickup yet. Device stocks appear to be low, too, with delivery expectations of three to four weeks for most models, and six to eight weeks for the jet black version. That should improve with time, however, as the unlocked phones are also likely to filter into Apple's retail stores. The iPhone 7... » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Global Business - on October 17, 2016< > Embed Apple Seeks New OLED Screens for iPhone 02:12 Oct. 17 -- Apple aims to make the next iPhone better, brighter and with a longer battery life by finally adopting organic screens. However, that could be make it or break it for some Japanese manufacturers of OLEDs. Bloomberg's Peter Elstrom reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." Recent related news Apple may freshen up its iPhone 7 lineup with a shiny new ‘Jet White’ colorApple initially announced its new and improved iPhone 7 will be available in five color options: Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Matte Black and Jet Black. But it... The Next Web 1 week ago - InternetAlso reported by •AppleInsider •TopNews •WorldNews •Enstarz •Softpedia •TUAW No iPhone SE Refresh in 2017, Analyst ClaimsThe small but powerful iPhone SE is aimed at fans loyal to the first smartphones launched, hence the reduced-size display. Unveiled back in March, the iPhone SE... Softpedia 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •AppleInsider Apple just launched a new way to buy an iPhone for cheapApple’s online refurbished store is an open secret that allows people to buy like-new Apple products at a significant discount. Now, Apple is selling... S.China Morning Post 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Motley Fool •AppleInsider •Enstarz •Digital Trends •Softpedia iPhone 8 to Launch with Curved 5.0-Inch and 5.8-Inch Displays and No BezelsThe next-year iPhone is expected to bring a major overhaul of the existing design, as Apple will celebrate the 10th anniversary of the device, and an analyst now... Softpedia 2 days ago - Technology iPhone SE 2 Rumours: Apple might not release 2017 iPhone SE, says tech expert Ming-Chi KuoThe iPhone SE was released back in March to a ton of fanfare. The phone offers relatively high-end internal specs while sporting the outer shell of an iPhone 5... HNGN 1 day ago - Technology Deals: 15" MacBook Pro for $1,599; 12.9" iPad Pro (128GB, Wi-Fi + LTE) for $619; unlocked 32GB iPhone 7s with no taxShoppers this week can save $400 on Apple's 2015 15" MacBook Pro or snap up an unlocked 128GB 12.9" iPad Pro (Wi-Fi + LTE, refurbished) for $619.99 (40% off).... AppleInsider 1 week ago - Computer Industry You Might Like Other recent news in Technology Mark Zuckerberg: over 99 percent of FACEBOOK content is authentic Watch Scarlett Johansson in the first GHOST IN THE SHELL trailer Ghost in the Shell director defends controversial SCARLETT JOHANSSON casting Stop stressing and stare at the closest SUPERMOON we've seen in 69 years Prediction of major EARTHQUAKE made eight days ago Snapchat just moved its Spectacles vending machine to a new location in Northern CALIFORNIA DONALD TRUMP's environmental plan and more in the week that was Wheels24.co.za | HAMILTON sails to maiden Brazilian GP victory in rain-soaked chaos Here's why a GOOGLE Ventures investor believes talking to computers all the time is the future of tech (GOOG) ExxonMobil is supporting the PARIS CLIMATE agreement Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Lewis Hamilton Barack Obama Roddy Piper Cristiano Ronaldo Current Topics House Chief Reince Priebus 60 Minutes Supermoon Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. LATEST VIDEOS More Videos: Rates from Bankrate.com Mortgage Credit Cards Auto Consumer Reports: A guide to mobile money 10/14/2016 - 2:00 AM EDT New technologies are making the convenience of living cash-free a reality. But consumers need to understand the trade-offs of abandoning paper money entirely. Consumer Reports offers this overview. • Mobile Wallets More Headlines Zuckerberg: 'Crazy' to say Facebook influenced election Disney embraces streaming as ratings sag Macy's says clothing sales strong, gives better outlook Little People, Dungeons & Dragons top Toy Hall of Fame class Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies What do they do? Let you pay for purchases at physical retail stores and online. Noteworthy brands. Android Pay, Apple Pay, PayPal, Samsung Pay. Cost. No direct fees. What Consumer Reports likes. Apple Pay is now accepted at 3 million stores in the United States because retailers are equipped with new EMV chip card readers that also have near-field communication (NFC) technology. Android Pay and Apple Pay need NFC to transact with cash registers. Samsung Pay can be used at more than 10 million U.S. merchants, because it employs NFC plus a second technology that lets it communicate via magnetic strip with readers that don't have functioning NFC. Caveats. PayPal is mostly for online shopping and has very limited acceptance at retail stores. Apple Pay works only on certain, more recent iPhones; Samsung Pay works only on certain Samsung devices. • Electronic Toll Tags What do they do? Let you pay for highway, express lane, bridge and tunnel tolls, as well as parking at some airports. Noteworthy brands. EXpressToll, E-ZPass, FasTrak, Good To Go!, MnPASS, SunPass, TxTag. Cost. No fees beyond the toll itself. What Consumer Reports likes. Commuters can knock 20 minutes to an hour off their daily drive, says J.J. Eden, president of the Alliance for Toll Interoperability. No stopping. No need to scramble for cash or change. Caveats. High traffic volume can clog up even the toll tag lanes. And now the discounts, used to lure new customers, are starting to go away. • Person-to-Person (P2P) Payments What do they do? Let you send money to another person via the app, email or text. Noteworthy brands. BBVA/Dwolla, Chase QuickPay, clearXchange, Facebook Payments in Messenger, Popmoney, Snapcash, Square Cash and Venmo. Cost. Usually recipients never pay, and fees for sending vary from free to up to 3 percent or more if paid for with a credit card or some debit cards. What Consumer Reports likes. It's super easy. Can transfer money fast (but see caveats). All the services take steps to ensure security. Caveats. How quickly recipients get their money varies, depending on the service. For example, money moves instantly via Facebook Payments in Messenger and by clearXchange, but your bank may take up to five business days to make the funds available to you. • Branded Payment Apps What do they do? Let you pay for purchases only at the merchant brand's physical stores and service providers, and their online counterparts. Noteworthy brands. Dunkin' Donuts, Lyft, PayByPhone, Starbucks, Uber, Wal-Mart Pay. Cost. Generally no direct fees. What Consumer Reports likes. These apps combine payment, loyalty programs and ordering capabilities. Uber automatically charges you for your ride. PayByPhone lets you extend parking meter minutes from wherever you are. 1 2 next  last »
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's limit ad tracking feature sees uptick in the US BI Intelligence Oct. 14, 2016, 9:30 PM 1,488 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also The startup behind these sheets wants to fix how guys treat their beds If you're new to coding, this is the programming language you should learn first Google has shut down a malicious ad attack on its AdSense network This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Digital Media Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. More Apple users in the US are opting out of targeted advertising since the release of the company’s latest update, iOS 10, in mid-September, according to new data from app-marketing platform Adjust. Building upon its Limit Ad Tracking (LAT) feature, which has been available since 2012, Apple rolled out a more stringent privacy setting last month, allowing users to go incognito from advertisers by completely avoiding a unique ID number called “Identifier for Advertising” (IDFA). This unique ID is used by advertisers and ad networks (such as Google and Facebook) to track a user’s mobile app activity to deliver targeted messages. In the US alone, an additional two million users activated the LAT feature since the iOS 10 update. Here are some takeaways from the report:    US LAT rates rise to one in five users. Just over 20% of users implemented Limit Ad Tracking on their mobile devices as of October 4, up from 17% circa iOS 10 update in mid September. However, global penetration remains stable. Penetration among all iOS users has remained stagnant, hovering around 18% since the release of iOS 10. Asian countries represent some of the world’s lowest LAT rates. The Philippines (6.9%) and Indonesia (7.2%) exhibit the lowest rates across all reported countries. Coincidentally, these are areas that exhibit some of the highest percentages of mobile ad blocking in the world. In Indonesia alone, there are 38 million monthly users that use ad blocking on their mobile devices, which is the third largest in the world, according to PageFair.  Mobile is poised to dominate digital ad growth over the foreseeable future, but faces tough hurdles in the process. Indeed, mobile ad revenue is expected to more than double in the next five years, according to BI Intelligence estimates, rising to $55 billion by 2021 from $27.4 billion this year. However, the industry must address the surge in ad blocking and features such as Limit Ad Tracking in order to sustain this growth.    Consumers continue to increase their time spent consuming digital media, while advertisers continue to increase their ad budgets into digital channels. The influx is not expected to let up in the near future. The US digital advertising industry will continue to experience remarkable growth through 2021 to reach nearly $100 billion in annual revenue, driven primarily by the sustained migration of ad dollars from traditional TV to digital video and the continued increase of social spending.  Overall, the strong growth of the US digital ad market can largely be attributed to increased time spent by consumers on digital media and brands' increased comfort with allocating budgets to digital formats, particularly on digital video. In a recent 2016 survey of almost 400 US ad agencies and marketers, the IAB found that two-thirds of respondents plan on increasing spending on digital video in the next year.  Moreover, mobile will become the top destination for digital ad spending as advertisers continue to attempt to resolve the disconnect between the rapid growth in time spent on phones and tablets and the relatively small share of ad budgets that are allocated to such platforms — known as the mobile opportunity gap. In fact, mobile is set to eclipse desktop ad spend by 2018. Dylan Mortensen, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on U.S. digital media ad revenue that forecasts revenue trends over the next five years and outlines the key growth drivers for overall digital ad revenue in the U.S. Here are some key points from the report: US digital ad revenue is expected to reach nearly $100 billion by 2021, according to BI Intelligence estimates. This represents compound annual growth of 8% from the $68.9 billion expected in 2016.  Mobile is positioned to become the top destination for digital ad spending as advertisers continue to attempt to close the "mobile opportunity gap." Digital video advertising will grow faster than any other segment over the next five years, as consumers shift time spent online to phones and tablets. Revenue in this category is forecast to rise from $8.5 billion in 2016 to $23 billion in 2021. Social advertising in all formats is gaining traction and will be among the key drivers of digital ad growth in the next five years. Social ad revenue is poised to climb to $30.8 billion by 2021, up from $15.5 billion this year. Artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, and sponsored content will help propel further digital ad growth in the next decade. In full, the report: Forecasts US digital ad revenue through 2021. Highlights the rising popularity of digital media with consumers and brands. Explores why digital video advertising growth will exceed all other formats over the next five years. Outlines emerging technologies that will help propel ad growth in the next decade. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of the following two options: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. » START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. » BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of digital media ad revenue. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Digital Media Apple Digital Media Ad Revenue facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's limit ad tracking feature sees uptick in the US Apple's limit ad tracking feature sees uptick in the US This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Watch Nike+ Will Be Launched October 28 By Tyler Lee on 10/14/2016 18:46 PST When Apple unveiled the Apple Watch Series 2, the company also unveiled an interesting collaboration with Nike that culminated in the Apple Watch Nike+. This is essentially at its core the same Apple Watch Series 2 device, except that it will feature a more sporty look and will come with certain exclusive features. However when the Apple Watch Series 2 was released, the Nike+ was still missing from that list, and now we know as Apple has quietly announced that the Apple Watch Nike+ will be available for purchase starting from the 28th of October. The price of the watch will start at $369 for the 38mm model, and $399 for the 42mm model. Just in case you missed the announcement from Apple’s event, the Nike+ will be similar to the Apple Watch Series 2 in terms of features. However like we said, there are certain exclusives such as watch faces, software, a Nike+ Run Club complication, and a special sports band that will set it apart from the other Apple Watches. Whether or not these features are enough to make the Nike+ more appealing remains to be seen, but if you are interested you can keep an eye out for its availability via Apple’s website. Filed in Apple >Gadgets. Read more about Apple Watch, nike, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2016-11-03 Kohl's Will Start Selling The Apple Watch Soon 2016-11-02 CMRA Is An Apple Watch Band With Built-In Cameras 2016-10-24 Apple Watch Nike+ To Launch In 41 Countries On October 28 2016-10-21 Apple Watch Booth In Paris Departmental Store Could Be Closing 2016-10-17 Reference To ‘Apple Watch Victory’ Spotted On Apple’s Website 2016-10-13 Future Apple Watch Could Identify Users Based On Their Vein Patterns Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Nintendo Power Line Is Being Revived For A Few Days Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, Features & News User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Macy’s flagship in New York debuts Apple shop Beyond the Apple shop, Macy’s is also moving to highlight consumer tech at 180 stores Post to Facebook Macy’s flagship in New York debuts Apple shop Beyond the Apple shop, Macy’s is also moving to highlight consumer tech at 180 stores  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2ef9vqz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Macy’s flagship in New York debuts Apple shop Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press 7:42 p.m. EDT October 14, 2016 Apple products appear on display at Macy's flagship store in New York, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016. Macy's launched an Apple shop Friday at its Herald Square store, the first U.S. department store with a hub devoted to the brand. (Photo: Anne D'Innocenzio / AP) Customers at Macy’s flagship store in New York will be able to wander over from eyeliner to iPads. Macy’s launched an Apple shop Friday at its Herald Square store, the first U.S. department store with a hub devoted to the brand. The shop features a range of products including iPhones, iPads, MacBooks, and the new Nike-branded Apple watch. Staffed by Apple associates, it’s on the main floor in the heart of the busy cosmetics and fragrance area. “This is one of the most sought-after products,” Terry Lundgren, the outgoing CEO of Macy’s, told The Associated Press. “We really cater to women better than most retail stores do. I do think that we are going to end up creating a business that is more female-friendly.” Beyond the Apple shop, Macy’s is also moving to highlight consumer tech at 180 stores. It’s rolling out dedicated areas before the holiday season that will include Apple watches but also Fitbits and other “smart” watches. The Herald Square store will have this section as well. The Apple partnership comes as Macy’s is collaborating with other brands to create almost a mini-mall. Macy’s and Luxottica Group have a partnership to open LensCrafters optical shops in as many as 500 stores over the next three years. That builds on its collaboration with the eyewear conglomerate’s Sunglass Hut brand that has led to Sunglass shops in nearly 700 Macy’s locations. Macy’s, once a stellar performer, is aiming to reverse six straight quarters of declines for a key sales measure. It’s said it plans to close 100 stores next year and boost its online investments. Like many department stores, Macy’s is wrestling with shoppers’ shift in spending to home improvement and technology, and away from clothing. As more shoppers move online, it’s also trying to create more excitement in the stores. The partnership with Apple to open a shop, Lundgren said, is “something we’ve worked on for years.” He expects the Apple area to be the most densely staffed space. The area, near the main 34th Street entrance, has four light wood Apple tables displaying the products similar to those at standalone Apple stores and features bold graphics of the watches on the wall. The flagship store usually attracts 35,000 to 40,000 customers per week, and about 75,000 during the holidays. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2ef9vqz TOP VIDEOS Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48 Henry Payne goes 0 to 60 in the Porsche Boxster-Cayman 2:01 Open Streets in Detroit 1:47
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Aaron Hernandez Paris Terror Attacks TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Oct 11 2016, 10:46 am ET Samsung-Apple Patent Showdown Arrives at the Supreme Court by Pete Williams Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement A battle royale over patents between the world's smartphone giants comes to the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday, but the issue isn't how the phones work. It's how they look. Apple claims that Samsung copied many of the distinctive design features of the iPhone, including its rectangular shape with rounded corners, black translucent front screen, and grid display of colorful icons for applications. Two lower courts have ruled in Apple's favor. An employee poses for photographs with Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7, sales of which have now been halted over concerns about battery safety. The justices must decide how much Samsung should pay for that infringement — just an amount based on the value of the design features themselves, or the total profit Samsung has earned from the sale of eleven different versions of its smartphones? Related: Note 7 Fiasco Could Cost Samsung $17 Billion The lower courts said Samsung must give up all its profits from the smartphone sales, which a jury found to be nearly $400 million. The rulings were based on a federal law that says anyone who copies and applies a patented design to "any article of manufacture" is liable "to the extent of his total profit." Customers take a look at the new iPhone 7 inside of an Apple Inc. store in New York on Sept, 16. EDUARDO MUNOZ / Reuters Samsung argues that the law, written in the 19th century, was meant to apply to things like wallpaper or carpet that derive their value and appeal from design. It makes no sense, the company says, to apply the law to a complicated product like a smartphone. Under the logic of the lower courts, "an infringer of a patented cup-holder design must pay its entire profits on a car," said Kathleen Sullivan, the former Stanford Law School dean representing Samsung. Related: iPhone Mania Hits With the Release of Apple's 7 Plus Smartphone People buy smartphones, she said, for their functions, such as their apps, cameras, and web capabilities, "not as decorative objects to be used as paperweights or hung on a wall." It cannot be, she said, that a company has to give up all its profits, no matter how complex the product and how minor the patented design is to the product as a whole. But Apple claims its rival is fear-mongering. "Samsung, a global 500 company with worldwide reach, deliberately chose to copy the innovations of its fiercest competitor" and "profited enormously from that infringement," said William Lee, a lawyer representing Apple. Related: Samsung Halts Sales, Exchanges of Replacement Galaxy Note 7s The iPhone revolutionized the smartphone market when it was introduced in 2007, he said, and the design was a key part of its appeal. A ruling for Samsung, Lee argued, would blunt a powerful tool for punishing companies that steal a competitor's design and would "empower counterfeiters and producers of knock-offs." Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Samsung unveils smart watch 0:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/46720579640" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The Supreme Court hasn't heard a case on design patents in 130 years. Computer makers, including Dell and Hewlett-Packard, urge the justices to rule for Samsung. A victory for Apple, they said in a friend of court brief, would have "a devastating impact on companies that spend billions of dollars annually on research and development for complex technological products and their components." Those products, they said, "are not purchased primarily for the design of one or more isolated components." But more than 100 designers who have worked for major companies said "design drives sales of consumer and commercial products. Indeed, a product's visual design becomes the product itself in the minds of consumers." In their friend of court brief, they urged the court not to underrate the importance of design, which they said outranks all other considerations for people buying cars. A decision is expected by late June. Pete Williams Twitter Topics U.S. news, U.S. news, Business News, Supreme Court, Tech News First Published Oct 11 2016, 7:18 am ET Next Story Authorities Suspect Arson as Wildfires Spread Across the South advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
Pocket-lint Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple Watch Nike+: What is it, how much is it, and when can you get it? Elyse Betters14 October 2016Smartwatch Pocket-lint Apple Watch Nike+ features exclusive Nike watch faces Has Nike+ Run Club app (with complication) preinstalled Comes in four different design combos (all aluminium cases) Starts from £369 for 38mm version, £399 for 42mm Launches on 28 October in US, UK, and elsewhere Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple and Nike announced in September that they revived their partnership, with the introduction of Apple Watch Nike+ during Apple's Special Event. Now we know when that sports-centric smartwatch will go on sale. Here's everything you need to know about Apple Watch Nike+, including how much it costs and when you can get your hands on it. Be sure to check out Pocket-lint's preview of the watch as well, where we said it looks great, has a sporty feel, and feels really comfortable on the wrist. Apple Watch Nike Plus is designed to be your perfect running partner Pocket-lint What is Apple Watch Nike+? Apart from the new Apple Watch Series 2, Apple unveiled a Nike+ edition of its second-generation smartwatch. Apple teamed up with Nike to make a version of Apple Watch meant for runners. It uniquely features a different strap design and specialised software to make it easier for runners to put it on quickly and make use of the device's built-in GPS. This isn't just a simple paint job. Pocket-lint What does Apple Watch Nike+ feature? Although you do get all the same features found in the Apple Watch Series 2, such as built-in GPS, a waterproof design (up to 50m), 38mm and 42mm watch case options, and a band made from the same elastomer material found in the Apple Watch Sport strap, the Nike+ edition has a new strap. Apple worked with Nike to design a perforated finish that's more durable and breathable. However, like the standard Apple Watch, you can change the straps. It's actually going to be available with four different case and strap combinations: there's a space grey aluminium case with either a black/yellow strap or a black/grey strap, and there's a silver aluminium with a either a silver/white band combo or a silver/yellow option. All of which are bright and sporty-looking. As for the WatchOS 3 software powering the watch, Pocket-lint has a round-up of all the features and changes found in the software. But the Nike+ has two additional perks: it gets exclusive Nike-themed watch faces that include a complication for directly launching the Nike+ Run Club app, which comes pre-installed and lets you track your runs, view running history, and more. Pocket-lint How much does Apple Watch Nike+ cost? The Apple Watch Nike+ costs the same as the new Apple Watch Series 2. It starts at $369 (£369) for the 38mm version and $399.99 (£399) for the 42mm one. Apple When will Apple Watch Nike+ be available? Apple quietly updated its website to confirm the Apple Watch Nike+ will launch on 28 October in the US, UK, and elsewhere. Want to know more? Check out Pocket-lint's Apple hub for related news. You can also go here to compare all the Apple Watch models. Sections Apple Fitness Tracker Smartwatch Best smartwatches 2016: The best smart wristwear available to buy today Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2016 Best Android Wear smartwatch 2016: The best smartwatches available on Google's... Apple Watch Series 2 review: Fitness first Popular In Smartwatch On Pocket-lint Samsung Gear S3 preview: The final Frontier for smartwatches? This Tag Heuer Connected Android smartwatch will set you back almost $10K Gator Watch review: Parental peace of mind Best Smartwatch 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Best smartwatches 2016: The best smart wristwear available to buy today Best Android Wear smartwatch 2016: The best smartwatches available on Google's platform Misfit Phase is the company's first smartwatch; records fitness and delivers notifications Apple Watch Nike+: What is it, how much is it, and when can you get it? Google Nexus Watch: What's the story so far on Google's own Android Wear smartwatches? Michael Kors Access Bradshaw review: An Android Wear smartwatch you'll actually want to wear What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Win the world’s first 4k gaming console by entering the The PS4 Pro Giveaway The Microsoft Office 2016 Certification Training Bundle can help you ace your next interview (96 per cent off) Are you colour blind? This Microsoft app will help you see colour Best US Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Samsung Gear S3 preview: The final Frontier for smartwatches? NES Classic Mini review: Comes up a little short BT launches Dolby Atmos sound with 4K TV packages, get the stadium experience at home Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. May Have Just Confirmed Apple Inc. A12 Win This contract chip manufacturer may be Apple's go-to for the latter's homegrown mobile processors for years to come. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 14, 2016 at 5:22PM Image source: TSMC.  Back in 2015, it was revealed that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had decided to source the A9 applications processor that powered the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus from both Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). This was viewed as something of a blow to TSMC, as the company was previously the exclusive manufacturer of Apple's A8 chip. Since then, TSMC's execution appears to have improved. It is widely believed to be the sole manufacturer of Apple's A10 Fusion chip inside of the recently released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. It is also expected to be the sole manufacturer of next year's A11 processor, particularly in light of management's comments that it will have in excess of 70% foundry market share at the 10-nanometer node. Based on commentary from TSMC's third-quarter earnings call, it looks as though it might have won the entirety of Apple's A12 orders as well. TSMC expecting substantial share at 7 nanometers When an analyst asked TSMC's executives about what kind of share the chipmaker expects to have during the 7-nanometer technology generation, co-CEO Mark Liu had the following to say, according to a transcript from Seeking Alpha [sign-in required]: High. We'd say high. Higher than 10-nanometer. We want to do every node higher than the previous node. Based on this comment, and assuming that the A12 chip will be manufactured in a 7-nanometer process rather than a 10-nanometer one (and I believe this is a safe assumption to make), it stands to reason that TSMC has won the entirety of the Apple A12 contract. Additionally, since the 7-nanometer node is expected to be TSMC's leading edge technology until around 2020 (when it rolls out its 5-nanometer technology), Apple will likely build the A13 on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology as well. And, given that Apple is responsible for a substantial amount of revenue and unit shipments on a given technology node, it would be very hard for TSMC to have "higher than 10-nanometer" share if it weren't the exclusive manufacturer of the A13.  Impacted businesses For TSMC, this is likely good news for a couple of reasons. First of all, Apple doesn't tend to reduce the sizes of its chips much, instead opting to use the additional chip area that new manufacturing technologies bring to add features/performance. Given that 7-nanometer wafers will almost certainly be more expensive than 10-nanometer wafers (which in turn are likely to be more expensive than 16-nanometer wafers), I expect TSMC's dollar content from the applications processor within future iPhones to continue to move upward. Beyond that, though, to the extent that Apple's iPhone unit shipments grow, so too should TSMC's revenue from Apple. The main loser here is Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), which is a competitor to TSMC in contract chip manufacturing. Apple used to be a major anchor customer for Samsung's contract chip manufacturing business, but it would appear that this business is gone in the near-to-medium term -- and potentially for good. Further, if TSMC's share projections are accurate, Samsung foundry customers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) might be planning to jump ship -- in whole, or in part -- to TSMC at the 7-nanometer node. Fortunately for Samsung, contract chip manufacturing is a very small part of its nearly $40 billion chip business (IC Insights estimated Samsung's contract chip business at less than $3 billion in revenue during 2015), let alone its total business, so losing out to TSMC isn't really a "game changer" for Samsung's business or its stock price. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of QCOM. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL and QCOM. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 5:22PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.93 up $0.49 (1.66%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Reportedly Considering Wafer Price Cuts This Apple Supplier Is Banking on Soaring iPhone 7 Demand and Exploding Samsung Phones Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Surges to All-Time High NVIDIA Corporation May Turn to Samsung for Graphics Chip Manufacturing Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's 2016 So Far Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Share 13 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC News 2016-11-13 Dennis Wallace: Sheriff’s Deputy Shot In Head Twice And killed “Execution Style”, Suspect In Custody Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Technology 2016-11-13 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Gaming 2016-11-13 Hitman Season 2: Io-Interactive Confirms Development At New Studio Gaming 2016-11-13 NES Classic Mini Edition Sold Out Almost Everywhere — Nintendo Promises More Consoles, But Scalpers Ruining It For Everyone BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2016 Produces Huge Excitement During Alleged Release Month Technology 13 0 0 October 14, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Produces Huge Excitement During Alleged Release Month Daryl Deino Apple hasn’t done a major update on its MacBook Pro line since 2012. Well, that is all about to change. BGR has the news. “The company is rumored to be planning a press conference later this month at which it may unveil a number of updated products in its Mac lineup. The star of the show, if recent reports pan out, will be a completely redesigned MacBook Pro with a special secondary touchscreen display above the standard keyboard that will be home to a row of morphing function keys.” Concept images of 2016 #MacBook #Pro with #OLED touch panel are insane https://t.co/vkgwNIHvq9 @BGR — mark phillips (@designinternet) October 12, 2016 BGR adds that the new screen will allegedly show different keys depending on which app is being used, helping to open up a wide range of new functionality for MacBook Pro users. According to iTech Post, the new MacBook Pro display may be out of this world. “There are many rumors and speculations about the specs and features of the upcoming MacBook Pro 2016. According to them, MacBook Pro 2016 might come with a 5K display that will replace the ThunderBolt display of its predecessors. LG and Apple are rumored to work together to improve MacBook Pro’s display.” The article adds that some versions of the MacBook Pro could have a dual-core Intel Core M processor while others would have a 7th generation Intel Core i5 or a Core i7 CPU. The device may come with support for USB-C, which is rapidly becoming a standard. There is also a possibility users could get 10 hours of battery life from the new MacBook Pro. Apple’s upcoming notebook has caused a lot of excitement on Reddit. “I feel your pain. I am now cycling through my usual Apple rumor blogs on an hourly basis waiting for something new. I am beginning to worry that there hasn’t been any invitation to a keynote/event yet. If there is an event scheduled for around the 25th of October, shouldn’t an invitation have been sent out already?” asks Your_favorite_mexi in response to a poster who has been constantly doing Google searches for new MacBook Pro information. “Finally some talk about the MBP! Everything seems so iPhone focused,” says QuazyWabbit1. After months of being in a slump (at least according to the media), it appears that Apple has been pulling all the punches since the release of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September. Both phones have received great reviews. However, Apple detractors are pushing the fact that shipments for Apple’s new iPhones may come in lower this year than they did one year ago. However, as Motley Fool notes, judging iPhone 7 and 7 Plus sales on that could be misleading. Despite the rumors, the iPhone 7 and — especially — the iPhone 7 Plus are still in huge demand. [Image by Daryl Deino] “With the iPhone 6S, Apple likely built and shipped iPhone 6S devices under the assumption that the then-new device would sell better in the marketplace than the prior generation iPhone 6. When it was clear that the end-demand wasn’t there, Apple wound up cutting iPhone 6S production and reducing the number of phones that it shipped to its channel/distribution partners,” says columnist Ashraft Eassa, noting that Apple likely produced less iPhone 7 and 7 Plus units this year so they don’t make the same mistake again. It appears that Apple couldn’t even keep up with the demand for the new iPhone, especially the iPhone 7 Plus. Even though the 7 Plus was released a month ago, there are still people on all carriers waiting for their desired iPhone 7 Plus, especially the Jet Black one. The excitement for the new iPhones combined with the possible release of the new MacBook Pros at the end of October could make 2016 one of Apple’s most profitable years yet. [Featured Image by Mark Lennihan/AP Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Share 13 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, macbook pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: Shaquille O’Neal Hints Demarcus Cousins on Trading Block ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Stahl-Trump Interview: Up To Three Million Deportations, Special Prosecutor For Clinton Possible [Video] L.A. Rams Midseason Awards: Aaron Donald, Jeff Fisher, Jared Goff and More ‘Toriko: Gourmet Battle’ Manga Will Conclude By The End Of The Month — ‘Weekly Shonen Jump’ Reveals Final Chapters On November 21 Right After ‘Climax’ Lil Wayne Dances To Politically Upset Fans At Flog Gnaw After Race Incident 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Is Tyga On The Down Low? Mia Isabella Relationship Remains Unanswered NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.3k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 45.3k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 22.9k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.1k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8k 0 0 Recent Headlines David Blaine: Is ‘Beyond Magic’ Dark Magic? Watch Blaine Throw Up And Swallow A Live Frog [Video] 0 0 0 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] 0 0 0 George Soros: Billionaire Who Funded Black Lives Matter Protests Now Accused Of Bankrolling Anti-Trump Protests 2 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors 2016: Willie Cauley-Stein to Celtics, Terry Rozier And James Young to Kings 0 0 0 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones 11 0 0 Christian Dillard: Maryland Man Stabs Own Children After Sexually Assaulting Ex Girlfriend 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Peaceful, positive protesters decry Trump in SF, Oakland The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day of Veterans Day Parade at Fisherman’s Wharf draws thousands Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers’ Jimmie Ward gets Larry Fitzgerald’s admiration, jersey 49ers’ Colin Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal Facebook’s domination of social media continues Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case The latest from Dear Abby Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Broadway tour’s fresh take on Maria in ‘Music’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens next week in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Bay Area breweries with the best thirst-quenching tours Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Anderson Marsh: 1 state park preserves 3 histories One day, one place: Lake County’s Kelseyville Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Walk-through: Contemporary Victorian in Cole Valley Escape to the Cape without leaving SF with this sunny, shingled Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/SoftBank-s-bug-bucks-Apple-at-Macy-s-9972384.php SoftBank’s bug bucks, Apple at Macy’s, getting out the vote Chronicle Staff and News Services Published 3:10 pm, Friday, October 14, 2016 Number of the day $25 billion That’s the size of an investment fund created by Japanese telecommunications and Internet company SoftBank Group, which says it has the potential to grow to $100 billion. The SoftBank Vision Fund will work with Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund, which recently put $3.5 billion into Uber, to find companies that will become influential in the future. The fund will be “the biggest investor in the technology sector,” according to Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son. More Apple in the Big Apple Customers at Macy’s flagship store in New York can wander over from eyeliner to iPads, the Associated Press reported. Macy’s opened an Apple shop Friday at its Herald Square store, the first U.S. department store with a hub devoted to the brand. The shop features a range of products including iPhones, iPads, MacBooks and the new Nike-branded Apple Watch. Staffed by Apple associates, it’s on the main floor in the heart of the busy cosmetics and fragrance area. No excuses With election day a few weeks away, Moovit, an app that helps people get around on public transportation, and Rock the Vote, a nonpartisan organization promoting participation by young voters, want to help get people to polling places. They will notify users of voter registration deadlines and provide easy-to-navigate trip planning for Nov. 8. The Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS IN BAY AREA Crowds shut down parts of Market Street Peaceful Trump protesters form human chain around Lake Merritt Trump on protests: 'That's only because they don't know me' Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm Trump protesters Latest News SJ police officers escape injury after suspect opens fire Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Report: Trump unfamiliar with president's duties at Obama meeting 6 most surprising things from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview Trump tells supporters to stop harassment Trump names alt-right media owner to senior White House role Monday's supermoon extra super; closest in nearly 69 years New theory of moon formation proposed Biden memes on Trump give America much-needed laugh Chappelle and Rock give hilarious take on election night 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers CB gets Fitzgerald’s admiration, jersey after tough duel Today's Gate Features Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands The lowest-paying college majors Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Your pearly whites will glow with this high-tech electric... Enjoy the taste of summer year round with this smokeless... Most Popular 1 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 2 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 3 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 4 Peaceful, positive protesters decry Trump in SF, Oakland 5 Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day... 6 Forget Canada, Air New Zealand is offering election-sick... 7 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 8 The Latest: Trump has phone conversation with China's leader 9 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 10 Kellyanne Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm anti-Trump... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
null
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable An Electric Vespa Is Finally In The Works You Can Now Hack Together Your Own Amazon Echo with a Raspberry Pi More MovieBob Reviews: ARRIVAL (2016) As Expected, the First Trailer for Valerian Looks Stunning It's Finally Happening: Pacific Rim 2 Has Started Production ‘Fantastic Beasts 2’ Casts Its Villain and Searches for Dumb... More Goodbye B Games, Hello AAArtisanal Games Best Games to Get for the PlayStation 4 Pro Final Fantasy XV Pre-Orders Are a Big F*** You to Fans You Can Now Buy Your Very Own Rocket League Ball More 15 Unanswered Questions We Still Have About Twin Peaks Mars Shows Us How Hard It Will Be to Go Where No One Has Gone Before On The Exorcist, Fighting Demons is Tiring Work But Why Does Star Trek Need to be R-Rated? More Elevens on 11/11: Our Favorite Eleven Fanart 5 Series From DC Comics’ Rebirth You Should Be Reading Writer "Fearless" Fred Kennedy, Talks Love of Sci-Fi and Fourth Planet Buy This Comic: Black Panther: World of Wakanda #1 More It Turns Out Rats Are Actually Ticklish Gear Up For Final Fantasy XV With This Final Fantasy Gift Guide Copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard to Be Auctioned Off Apparently Seabirds Dine on Plastic Because They Think It Tastes Good More Tech Future MacBooks Could Have Context-aware E Ink Keyboards By Lee Mathews 10.14.2016 :: 4:30PM EST Stay on target Hack steals keystrokes from millions of wireless keyboards Das Keyboard 5Q with cloud notification API smashes Kickstarter goal There’s been talk that Apple plans to add a slick OLED strip of touch-sensitive controls to upcoming MacBooks. Now sources claim that they may get a killer keyboard upgrade, too. What kind of an upgrade, you ask? According to both 9to5Mac and TrustedReviews, Apple is toying with the idea of replacing all those boring old static plastic keys with a full spread of tiny E Ink displays. And it’s about more than just allowing Apple to source a single keyboard for every MacBook regardless of which country it’s going to be sold in. Yes, it’s neat that such a keyboard would allow, for example, Canadians to switch quickly back and forth between full English and French layouts — instead of having to slog on with a bilingual keyboard. The really cool part, though, is that these keyboards could be context-aware. As soon as you fire up an app — say, Final Cut Pro or  Photoshop — your MacBook could transform its keyboard to make commonly-used commands more accessible. Need to bang a boatload of numbers into an Excel sheet? No problem, just flick a software switch and light up a numeric keypad.There’s already a company making keyboards like this. No, not Art. Lebedev. Those Optimus keyboards are very cool and all, but they’re a little too pricey even for the $2499 MacBook Pro. It’s actually Sonder Designs, and a company spokesperson has acknowledged that they have indeed held discussions with Apple.That’s Sonder’s desktop keyboard there, and it’s up for pre-order at $199. Remove the healthy markup for retail and factor in the massive number Apple would be ordering if they go this way, and it’s probably not a terribly big cost to work into a higher-end MacBook Pro. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Apple E-Ink keyboards laptops macbooks Speak Your Mind More in Tech 11.12.2016 :: 11:32AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone Tech 11.11.2016 :: 3:00PM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable Tech 11.11.2016 :: 11:15AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech An Electric Vespa Is Finally In The Works Tech 11.11.2016 :: 8:30AM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech You Can Now Hack Together Your Own Amazon Echo with a Raspberry Pi Tech 11.11.2016 :: 7:30AM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech Apple Sneaks out Support App in the App Store Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Mars Shows Us How Hard It Will Be to Go Where No One Has Gone Before Television 11.13.2016 :: 12:30PM EST 15 Unanswered Questions We Still Have About Twin Peaks Television 11.13.2016 :: 11:30AM EST It Turns Out Rats Are Actually Ticklish Culture 11.12.2016 :: 11:32AM EST Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone Tech More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
null
null
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (6) Post your comment Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ will be out on October 28 14 October 2016 The Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 finally has a release date attached to it. This version of Apple's second-gen smartwatch was announced at its early September event, just like the Watch Series 2 itself. Yet up until now there was no information about when it will be out. Apple has made it official today: the Watch Series 2 Nike+ will be available on October 28. This model is basically a new Apple Watch featuring special Nike sports bands, as well as dedicated software for runners from Nike. You get exclusive Nike watch faces, and a Nike+ Run Club complication. There are four styles to choose from for the Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+, and all of them come with bands that scream "I'm athletic!". Regardless of the color you pick, the smartwatch starts at $369 in the 38mm size, while the 42mm model is priced from $399. Pre-orders are still available straight from Apple. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
skip to main content Your State, Your Stories Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Opinion Auto Business Economy Education Environment & Science Families & Community Health Investigative Law Politics & Government Offbeat Sports Transportation Weather Programs & Specials On-Air Schedule Stateside State of Opportunity Detroit Journalism Cooperative The Environment Report Jack Lessenberry It's Just Politics Michigan Watch MI Curious The Next Idea That's What They Say Bringing Up Detroit John U. Bacon Series & Documentaries All On-Air Programs Stateside Podcasts Connect About Michigan Radio Contact us by phone or email View our schedule Meet our staff Newsletters and daily emails Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iPhone or Android apps iTunes Radio Shop Job postings Enter contests Get station freebies Online Streaming Help Events Support Give Now Corporate Sponsorship Contact Support How you can support Michigan Radio Become a Sustaining Member Have Your Gift Matched Grant Support Vehicle Donation Program Support FAQ Producers Circle Search WUOMFM WUOMFM Menu Home News Arts & Culture Opinion Auto Business Economy Education Environment & Science Families & Community Health Investigative Law Politics & Government Offbeat Sports Transportation Weather Programs & Specials On-Air Schedule Stateside State of Opportunity Detroit Journalism Cooperative The Environment Report Jack Lessenberry It's Just Politics Michigan Watch MI Curious The Next Idea That's What They Say Bringing Up Detroit John U. Bacon Series & Documentaries All On-Air Programs Stateside Podcasts Connect About Michigan Radio Contact us by phone or email View our schedule Meet our staff Newsletters and daily emails Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iPhone or Android apps iTunes Radio Shop Job postings Enter contests Get station freebies Online Streaming Help Events Support Give Now Corporate Sponsorship Contact Support How you can support Michigan Radio Become a Sustaining Member Have Your Gift Matched Grant Support Vehicle Donation Program Support FAQ Producers Circle Search Related Program:  Stateside Cheers! Apple cider with gin? By Lester Graham • Oct 14, 2016 Related Program:  Stateside TweetShareGoogle+Email The Apple Business cocktail mixes apple cider with gin. You won't believe how well it works. Lester Graham / Michigan Radio Listen Listening... / 2:01 Shake, shake, shake that cocktail! Tammy Coxen of Tammy's Tastings shakes the Apple Business cocktail. Cheers! Credit Lester Graham / Michigan Radio "October is my favorite month," Tammy Coxen of Tammy's Tastings said. "Do you know why? Apple cider!" Apple cider is a popular ingredient in a lot of cocktails which seem perfect for fall. Often the cider is mixed with bourbon or rum. But this cocktail, the Apple Business, is made with gin. "I chose Ann Arbor Distilling's Water Hill gin for this drink because of of the spicy garam masala note," Coxen said. The distiller's website indicates the botanicals used to flavor the gin include Croatian juniper, cardamom, and garam masala. "Each is distilled independently before being carefully blended for each batch," the company's website explains. Apple Business 2 oz gin 1 oz apple cider 1/2 oz lime juice 1/2 oz honey syrup (3:1) Garnish: apple slice Combine all ingredients in shaker with ice. Shake and strain into ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish. After thinking about it, Coxen said maybe she loved October for the donuts at the cider mill. Either way, she can't go wrong. TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Cheers to the weekend! Have a Michigander 8 months ago Cheers to the weekend! Here's a recipe for a Michigan mojito 6 months ago Cheers to the weekend, Michigan! 9 months ago Cheers to the weekend, Michigan: Oberon Sour 7 months ago Cheers! A "sawbuck" cocktail for the beer tax 1 month ago Cheers! A better use for those dumped cherries 3 months ago Cheers! A cocktail for patio sipping 5 months ago Cheers! An all-Michigan cocktail from Detroit's Sugar House 1 month ago Cheers! Bourbon and berries 4 months ago Cheers for beer! Grand Rapids offers a toast, celebrates “BeerCity USA” title 4 years ago © 2016 Michigan Radio About Us Contact Us Jobs Help with Streaming Contest Rules Events Privacy & Terms of Use
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 14 AAPL: 117.63 0.65 Hands-on: Apple Watch Nike+ special features in action ahead of October 28 release [Video] Zac Hall - 1 month ago @apollozac Feature Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has teamed up with Nike to create the running-focused Apple Watch Nike+. The special version of the new Series 2 models includes extra benefits like unique band designs and colors, Nike watch faces, and integration with Nike’s specialized running app. The new models begin shipping on October 28, and 9to5Mac had the chance to check out some of the special features that make Apple Watch Nike+ unique. Apple Watch Nike+ includes the same benefits as all Apple Watch Series 2 models including a built-in GPS for outdoor run and cycling tracking without carrying an iPhone, stronger water resistance that enables new swim workouts, and a much brighter display for higher visibility in outdoor lighting. Nike+ models are offered with two sizes, two aluminum finishes, with four different band colors: 38mm or 42mm displays, Silver or Space Gray casings, and Black/Volt, Black/Cool Gray, Flat Silver/Volt, and Flat Silver/White bands. Although Nike+ began shipping about a month after the standard Apple Watch Series 2, the collection features the same $369 and $399 price with larger display models costing $30 more. Apple Watch Nike+ features two unique watch faces that feature Nike’s signature font and Volt color with both digital and analog versions. You can customize the style of both Nike watch faces including how the time appears, plus there’s a permanent complication that offers instant access to the Nike+ Run Club app. In addition to two Nike watch faces, you can also use Nike’s Volt color on Apple’s watch faces including digital and analog Activity, Numerals, and Chronograph. This isn’t an option on any other Apple Watch as it’s unique to Nike products. Volt as a color option on most watch faces lets you color match almost any watch face to the Nike Sport Band. Nike Sport Band is a unique take on Apple’s Sport Band that features compression-molded perforations that offer increased ventilation during activities and a somewhat reduced weight. Black versions with Volt or Cool Gray are offered with Space Gray models while Flat Silver versions with Volt or White are offered with Silver models. The additional perforations have the extra benefit of being more customizable in terms of sizing too. Check out our hands-on video (thanks to Jordan for recording on the spot) with Apple Watch Nike+ below for additional tidbits: While you can try the Apple Watch Nike+ in select Apple Stores ahead of its October 28 release, there are still a few unknowns about the special version of the Series 2 model. The version of the Nike+ Run Club app on the demo models is different from the version of the app currently on the App Store; it’s unclear if an updated version of the app will be available for all Apple Watch owners. We know the Nike watch faces will be unique and my guess it that the app experience will be available to everyone. It’s also not clear if Nike Sport Bands will be sold separately in the future but all signs currently point to no for now. Apple Watch bands are interchangeable on Nike+ models just like any other models. [Update 10/24: From Apple’s latest press release: Nike Sport Bands are available exclusively with Apple Watch Nike+ models and not sold separately.]   You can read 9to5Mac’s full review of the Apple Watch Series 2 for more on the latest features, and check out our gallery below for more shots of the Apple Watch Nike+ ahead of its release in two weeks. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 #1337, 12 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.7 Fantastical 2.3 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.6 VMware Fusion 8.5.1 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.6     Published in TidBITS 1342. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. iOS 10.0.3 Fixes Cellular Connectivity Issues Google Event Unveils Smartphones, Wi-Fi, VR, and Streaming Devices Lost in Sierra: Five Missing Features TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 17 October 2016 ExtraBITS for 17 October 2016     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 14 Oct 2016 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (25) How to Enable “Hey Siri” in macOS 10.12 Sierra by Adam C. Engst Although Apple has made much of the fact that macOS 10.12 Sierra includes the Siri voice-driven personal assistant technology, there is one glaring omission: the capability to hail Siri with just your voice. Instead, you must click Siri’s menu bar icon or Dock icon, or press its keyboard shortcut. That shouldn’t be necessary: on recent iPhones and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and on the Apple Watch, you can just say “Hey Siri” to cause Siri to take notice of your next spoken command. (With older iOS devices, “Hey Siri” works only when the device is connected to power, rendering it significantly less useful. With the Apple TV, you must press and hold a button on the Siri Remote, which can be difficult to do in a dark room.) Happily, there is a subtle trick you can use to simulate “Hey Siri” on a Mac running Sierra. I’ve based these instructions on the coverage of Siri in Scholle McFarland’s “Sierra: A Take Control Crash Course” book — it provides a slew of additional tips, tricks, and step-by-step illustrated instructions if you’re looking for more help with Siri or other new features in Sierra. Scholle’s trick revolves around using a dictation feature to open Siri on your command. Follow these steps: Go to System Preferences > Keyboard > Dictation. Turn Dictation on and then select Use Enhanced Dictation. If it hasn’t already, your Mac downloads Enhanced Dictation, which enables you to use dictation, even when your Mac is offline. That’s not actually what we care about, but eliminating the need to parse your words on Apple’s servers also lets you use dictation commands and converts your words to text more quickly, and those features are key. Switch to System Preferences > Accessibility. Scroll down in the left-hand column and select Dictation. Select Enable the Dictation Keyword Phrase and then type Hey into the text field. Click the Dictation Commands button, select the Enable Advanced Commands checkbox, and then click the plus button. Options appear to the right of the dialog. Next to “When I say,” type Siri into the text field. Leave While Using set to Any Application. Click the Perform pop-up menu and choose Open Finder Items. In the dialog that appears, navigate to the Siri app in the Applications folder. Click Done. Try it out by saying “Hey Siri!” and your Mac should respond. There’s no option for training Siri to recognize your voice in Sierra, so you’ll need to practice a little to figure out how to speak so your Mac understands that you’re talking to it. In particular, pause for a beat after you say “Hey Siri” until your Mac beeps to indicate that it’s listening. One problem with setting up “Hey Siri” as we’ve done here is that if your iPhone is in range, it will likely answer as well. Although Siri talking to Siri can be amusing, it will likely get on your nerves. To avoid this, you can change either the voice trigger for your Mac, in Step 3 above, or the name in the “When I say” field in Step 4. Obviously, you can use whatever you like, but my recommendation is “Hey Mac.” Assuming that you’re using “Hey Siri” on your iPhone, iPad Pro, or Apple Watch already, keeping “Hey” as the trigger will make it easy to start issuing a voice command regardless of what device you’re using, and continuing to talk to “Mac” should be intuitive, given that you are talking to your Mac. “Hey Mac” is also short and easy to say, and it should be easily recognized. If your Mac doesn’t recognize you saying it, though, don’t hesitate to try other triggers or names. If you have more general trouble, make sure your microphone is selected in System Preferences > Sound > Input and restart your Mac to give it a clean slate. Give this trick a try, and let us know in the comments how you’re using Siri on your Mac, and how that is similar to or different from how you use Siri on your other Apple devices. Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Sierra: A Take Control Crash Course You can head off into the wilds of Sierra with confidence when you're equipped with Mac expert Scholle McFarland's detailed what's new list. She also teaches you new Sierra features like Siri, app tabs, Desktop and Documents folder syncing, Optimized Storage, Universal Clipboard, and Picture in Picture. Still, our favorite chapter is "Discover the Little Things in Sierra," which covers the tiny changes that make a big difference.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Laura S Kirsch, Peter Christy, Bob Black, and Macmate for their generous support!   Comments about How to Enable “Hey Siri” in macOS 10.12 Sierra To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you want to invoke Siri on your Sierra Mac with your voice — no need to click an icon or press a key — read on for instructions from Scholle McFarland’s “Sierra: A Take Control Crash Course” book. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Grant  2016-10-14 19:07 While playing with this I scrolled down further to the Dictation Commands already preset in the System. These include "Start Siri" and "Close Siri." If you set the keyword as "Mac" the command can simply be "Mac Start Siri." Both ways work. Sholle's is a bit cleaner for Siri, but you then must use "Hey" to initiate all voice activated commands on your Mac. Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-14 21:17 Yeah, we saw that. It just seemed really odd that Apple would provide the basic functionality without mimicking how it works in iOS. Reply Paul Ellis  2016-10-15 06:37 Personally I'd want the opposite - a way permanently to disable Siri so that it never invokes, or asks to invoke. Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-17 10:40 Then all you have to do is open System Preferences > Siri and uncheck the Enable Siri checkbox. Reply Paul S  2016-10-21 16:36 When I do this, Siri is still running in Activity Monitor. Sometimes, I also have a SiriNCService process. The only thing I see is the menu bar icon is gone and it no longer responds. Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-21 17:33 There's no way to know why specific processes might be running behind the scenes even if a checkbox is turned off. But it sounds as though it's doing what you want in the sense of Siri not invoking. Reply GS  2016-10-15 17:48 Tried this awhile back on an iMac (27 inch Retina).. turned it off after having some serious Finder issues. Might be an outlier, anyone else have problems? Reply Bob Dahl  2016-10-16 17:21 I tried BUT i couldn't get it going by voice. Keyboard launching works. Have an iMac (27", 2011, so REAL old...) running Sierra. I THINK the problem for me is my iMac is hooked up by Ethernet, Not to the Wifi. Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-17 10:41 Try turning on Wi-Fi, even if it's below Ethernet in the Network preference pane (such that Ethernet is still used by default). Siri likes Wi-Fi on because some queries need a location lookup, and Wi-Fi is the only way to get that on a Mac. Reply Derek Currie   2016-10-18 01:41 I've been successful using "Yo Buddy" with the natural gap between words, as per their use by native New Yorkers. I never say either word in my normal vocabulary except as humor, therefore there's no confusion by the OS. Works great! Makes me smile. Amuses others. I'm on a MacBook Pro late 2013 with 10.12.0. Reply GS  2016-10-20 16:26 Best one is John Gruber's "Hey, Dingus!" Reply mike sanders  2016-10-18 02:55 Thanks for this Adam absolutely brilliant and just took a few minutes to set up, "Hey Mac" and there she is ready to do my bidding. Reply mike sanders  2016-10-18 03:29 Spoke too soon no longer works and Siri has disappeared from the dock. Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-18 08:10 The Dock icon for Siri isn't special — it can be removed like any other Dock icon and added back by dragging the Siri app into the Dock from the Applications folder. The menu bar icon is controlled from the Siri pane of System Preferences, so check there if that goes missing. Reply Bocaboy  2016-10-18 08:21 Worked perfectly for me. Not that it makes a lot of sense, but Alfred can also start Siri by just typing it. If you don't want Siri in the menu bar area it's another way of accessing it when you want it. Reply bruceandcarol  2016-10-18 13:27 I followed the directions and it worked fine. After a shutdown and restart the next day, it doesn't work. Any ideas what to do? Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-18 14:13 Check the settings; just yesterday I had something like this happen too, and the dictation command created in Step 4 had lost track of the Siri name. Reply mike sanders  2016-10-19 04:47 Worked for a few times today but again has quit such a pity as I really liked this, nothing from Adam on what might be the problem? Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-19 09:55 I don't know what could be wrong on your Mac, but things to try include: * Check the Input preferences in Sound and make sure your mic is selected. Play with the ambient noise reduction checkbox to see if that matters. * Check the Dictation Commands list again to make sure your command hasn't gotten deleted. * Look at the microphone icon in the menu bar for dictation; click it and try choosing the Listen Without Requiring Keyword Phrase option. Toggle that on and off. * Quit any other apps that might be using the microphone. * Restart the Mac if all else fails. Reply mike sanders  2016-10-19 04:52 Switched the name back from Mac to Siri but to no avail, why does it work a couple of times and then stop working? Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-10-19 14:03 Seeing how much trouble some people are having with this solution just emphasizes the question of why Apple left the feature out. My first reaction was to see it as a careless oversight on Apple's part. But after giving it some though, I suspect it has something to do with the other voice recognition features in macOS. These include VoiceOver, Speakable Items, Text to Speech as well as Dictation. Now we have Siri. I always thought it would be a complex problem to solve and perhaps this explains why it took so long to implement Siri on the Mac. Maybe "Hay Siri" was a bridge too far, considering how many switches you have to toggle in this workaround. Given that the Mac is a keyboard centric device, unlike the iPhone, iPad and Apple watch, I don't find using a keyboard shortcut to invoke Siri to be an inconvenient solution. But then I use a lot of keyboard shortcuts so adding one more is not a problem. Many people don't have the keyboard shortcut habit so maybe for them it is an issue. Then again, if you are one of those who is accustomed to using menus instead of shortcuts, going to the Dock or the Menubar should fit your work habits well enough. The workaround explained here seems to create more problems than it solves. There appear to be too many opportunities for the process to break down. YMMV. Reply Jerry  2016-10-20 11:32 It can't find the microphone after changing location/network in my experience - one has to restart the computer to make it work again. It also made the computer almost become unusable until I turned off Dictation altogether ... not really going to use this function, but cool anyway and showed it off presenting Sierra on a Gotamac meeting yesterday. Reply mike sanders  2016-10-21 21:59 Thanks Adam I will try some of the options but yesterday just had to shut it down everything I said was going into emails and messages it was chaos. How does one stop dictation spreading to all other apps and just staying with Siri? Thanks Reply Adam Engst   2016-10-22 20:11 That should be a matter of the trigger phrase, which is set to "Hey" if you've followed the instructions above. If dictation is triggering inadvertently, you may need to change it to a different word. Computer is the default. Reply Jerry  2016-11-06 15:58 I have OS 10.12.1 Beta and Siri does not work with it. Apple Support could not assist me and requested I remove the Beta Version. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you want to invoke Siri on your Sierra Mac with your voice — no need to click an icon or press a key — read on for instructions from Scholle McFarland’s “Sierra: A Take Control Crash Course” book. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / Here’s when you can buy the Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 Here’s when you can buy the Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 by Chris Smith 14 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple and Nike have announced their collaboration smartwatch will go on sale on October 28. The fitness-focused Apple Watch Nike+ smartwatch was scheduled for ‘late October’ when revealed at the event alongside the Apple Watch Series 2 in September. This edition features a custom rubberised sporty band, arrives in four colours and includes unique watch faces and faster access to the Nike+ Run Club app. Related: Apple Watch Series 2 vs Apple Watch Beyond that, users will enjoy the same 50m water resistance and stand-alone GPS connectivity boasted by other watches in the range. Pricing begins at the same price as other Series 2 watches. The 38mm model starts at $369 (£369), while the larger 42mm iteration will be $399 (£399). Both can be pre-ordered now. Have you been waiting for the Nike+ Apple Watch before jumping aboard with Series 2? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Apple Watch Series 2 vs Apple Watch 0 shares Read Comments Jmac October 16, 2016, 8:39 am It's nice enough but surely the Ceramic version has got to be the one to aspire to? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Is More Interested in Augmented Reality Than Virtual Reality CEO Tim Cook is taking a stand in the AR vs. VR debate. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 14, 2016 at 2:45PM Tim Cook at WWDC 2015. Image source: Apple. There are a few major tech battlegrounds looming on the horizon, including smart homes and artificial intelligence, among others, but one particularly important field will be augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR). Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) effectively kicked off the AR/VR arms race with its 2014 acquisition of Oculus VR. Being acquired by such a large company gave Oculus and its work in VR a sense of legitimacy. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg envisions a future where people can interact socially in VR without ever having to set a foot outside their homes. As far as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is concerned, the company has been characteristically secretive, although CEO Tim Cook continues to drop hints about Apple's pipeline. Cook sat down with BuzzFeed News Japan recently for an exclusive interview, and tipped his iHand quite a bit. Augmented reality has broader use cases For now, the use cases for VR are predominantly focused on entertainment and gaming. The high cost of entry (Oculus costs about $1,500 if you include a high-end gaming PC) limits the market for the most part, and VR is currently a niche within the gaming community. Sony is taking a shot at more affordable VR experiences, recently launching PlayStation VR, a $400 VR headset for the PlayStation 4. Cook suggests that VR can potentially be socially isolating: "There's no substitute for human contact. And so you want the technology to encourage that." If you imagine Zuckerberg's vision of people sitting at home with VR headsets interacting solely in cyberspace, it does invoke dystopian connotations from science fiction. Ironically, Zuckerberg's belief in creating social VR experiences has the potential to make humans decidedly less social in real life. In the interview, Cook continued: VR has some interesting applications, but I don't think it's a broad-based technology like AR. Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it's profound. We might ... have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right? And so I think that things like these are better when they're incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking. ... You want the technology to amplify it, not to be a barrier. If you think about Apple's go-to market strategy, the company always targets the mainstream consumer, since that's where the volume lies. In that context, the hurdle for AR adoption is also a lot more manageable. AR can add value to consumers' lives by providing a wide range of contextual information in countless scenarios. You could even consider AR an extension of wearables, as it would likely be delivered with some type of headset that could provide an informational overlay or heads-up display (HUD). With VR, you have to completely immerse yourself into a VR world. That also takes a lot more effort to build, and the average consumer may not have much reason to enter a VR world. In contrast, an AR experience should be relatively simpler to develop, since you're not creating an entirely new world from scratch. Besides, companies have already begun using machine learning to determine contextual relevance using a wide range of user data, which currently manifests in the form of virtual assistants. You can think of AR as sitting at the convergence between wearable computing and virtual assistants. You could also consider AR a stepping stone to VR later on, once the market is ready for it. Apple has been quietly scooping up companies and talent that will contribute to its AR ambitions. Naturally, the Apple rumor mill will provide a steady stream of leaks as we approach the inevitable product launch. Until then, investors can safely say that Apple isn't all that interested in VR. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 2:45PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $119.02 down $-1.78 (-1.47%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Earnings: 5 Key Areas to Watch With management expecting another quarter of declining revenue, investors will look for a glimpse of a road back to growth. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Oct 14, 2016 at 2:33PM Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report is less than two weeks away. After getting rescheduled because of a "scheduling conflict," Apple is now set to report the results for its most recent quarter on Tuesday, Oct. 25 instead of a previous date of Oct. 27. Since the company is expected to report its third quarter in a row of declining revenue, the pressure is on. When Apple releases its quarterly results and provides a business update for investors in the conference call following the release, here are five important areas to watch. Image source: The Motley Fool. 1. Revenue Management said in its third-quarter update that it expected fourth-quarter revenue in the range of $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion. Notably, this represents a meaningful year-over-year decline of 11.7% to 7.8% compared to the year-ago quarter. Apple's recent revenue decline has been primarily due to lower iPhone sales during fiscal 2015 as the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus struggled to live up to iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales. And this will likely be what may drive another decline in the company's fourth quarter. Given that Apple's guidance is usually fairly accurate, investors can rely on management's own expectations as a barometer for what to expect when the tech giant reports results. 2. Earnings per share Since Apple's year-over-year revenue declines have recently been driven mostly by declining iPhone sales, which is Apple's most profitable product segment, the company's earnings per share have been declining even more rapidly than revenue. In Apple's third quarter, for instance, earnings per share fell 23% on a 14% decline in revenue. A similar trend is likely to persist in Apple's fourth quarter. This is likely why the consensus analyst estimate for Apple's fourth-quarter earnings per share is just $1.65, representing a 15.8% decline compared to earnings per share in the year-ago quarter -- and worse than the 11.7% to 7.8% decline in revenue Apple management is anticipating. 3. Gross profit margin Apple management said in the company's third-quarter update that it expected gross profit margin in the final fiscal quarter of 2015 to be between 37.5% and 38%, down from a gross profit margin of 39.9% in the year-ago quarter. Given that Apple's healthy gross profit margin is not only critical to the company's uncanny levels of profitability, but also a key sign of Apple's ability to sell its products at a premium price to a large customer base, investors should look for this important metric to at least be in line with management's expectations. 4. iPhone sales Since iPhone revenue accounts for well over half of Apple's revenue (64% in the trailing 12 months), investors might want to check in on this critical product segment. Data for chart retrieved from Apple's quarterly SEC filings in the trailing 12 months. Chart source: Author. It's difficult to pinpoint exactly where iPhone revenue will come in for Apple's fourth quarter, particularly because Apple launched its iPhone 7 and 7 Plus with several weeks before the quarter ended, and about a week earlier than it released the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus in the year-ago quarter. But iPhone's third-quarter year-over-year revenue decline of 23%, along with management's guidance for a decline in total fourth-quarter revenue, suggest investors should brace for another sharp decline in revenue for the segment. 5. Guidance Apple's revenue guidance for its first fiscal quarter of 2017 may be the most interesting area to watch when the company releases its fourth-quarter update. It will preview what Apple expects from the first full quarter of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus sales and show whether or not revenue declines could reverse in the important holiday quarter. The number against which investors will be judging revenue guidance is $75.9 billion. This is the revenue Apple reported in its first fiscal quarter of 2016. Apple's fourth-quarter results will be released on the company's investor relations portion of its website shortly after market close on Oct. 25. On the same page, investors will also be able to find a link to the Apple's live question-and-answer session with analysts to discuss the quarter's results. The live conference call is scheduled to start at 2:00 p.m. PDT. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 2:33PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its stores Paul Szoldra Oct. 14, 2016, 4:06 PM 21,127 facebook linkedin twitter email print John Moore / Getty Images Apple has been quietly removing security tethers that keep display iPhones from being stolen from its stores, which could make it a little easier for thieves to walk out with them in their pocket. Though apparently, Apple isn't all that worried about it. The company's redesigned flagship store in London is set to reopen this weekend, and when customers walk in, the phones will be without those pesky tethers chaining them to the tables. MacRumors also reported tethers have been removed from two other UK stores and one in Canada. So, why the change? Apple told CNET that the tethers get in the way of allowing customers to hold it properly, try out cases, or see how it feels inside their pocket. And it said that any phone taken out of the store would set off alarms, and if all else fails, they can be remotely bricked. Obviously, a thief has to avoid security cameras and store employees if they are trying to make off with a phone. But beyond this, it seems possible that they could just turn the phone's Airplane Mode on, which turns off Cellular voice and data, Bluetooth, and WiFi transmissions, effectively making any kind of tracking on Find my iPhone or remote wiping of it impossible. It's not clear whether Apple's display models have some other software running in the background that tracks them, Airplane mode or not. Computers and iPads are still using the security tethers.   SEE ALSO: This Silicon Valley lab is the brains behind most of the tech innovations of the last 50 years NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: Apple Apple Store facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its stores Apple is removing those clunky security cables from the iPhones in its stores Apple has been quietly removing security... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Samsung Smartphone Owners Eye iPhone, Google Pixel Samsung Smartphone Owners Eye iPhone, Google Pixel By Tom Brant October 14, 2016 01:42pm EST 10 Comments Eight percent of Samsung smartphone owners are considering the new Google Pixel. As Samsung scrambles to determine what caused its Note 7 smartphones to overheat and catch fire, Google, Apple, and other manufacturers are poised to benefit from the carrier's misstep. A new survey from e-commerce firm Branding Brand found that 40 percent of people who currently own a Samsung device say they won't buy another phone from the Korean electronics giant. The majority, 62 percent, plan to go with another Android phone for their next purchase, while 30 percent say they plan to switch to the iPhone and 8 percent could buy a Google Pixel. While Apple's iPhone has always been a close competitor to Samsung's flagship smartphones, the Google Pixel is a newcomer to the high-end mobile market. Announced on Oct. 4, it will be the first device to feature Google's new voice-activated personal digital Assistant, similar to Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa. The phone also boasts other software improvements unavailable to any other Android device currently on the market, and Google says its camera outperforms all the smartphone shooters it's tested. //Related Articles How to Return or Exchange Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 That 8 percent of Samsung owners are considering switching to a competing flagship device that is not even on the market yet speaks as much to the buzz that the Google Pixel has generated as the crisis that faces Samsung. On Tuesday, the company said it was killing production of the Note 7, and asked retailers not to sell their remaining inventory. According to the New York Times, Samsung in September assigned hundreds of employees to test Note 7s in hopes of determining what is causing them to explode, but none were able to replicate the problem. Samsung has since remained quiet on the progress of its efforts to determine the cause. The company has received 92 reports of the batteries overheating in the US, including 26 reports of burns and 55 reports of property damage, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission. Back to top Previous : Report: Airlines Combat Exploding Phone Risk With Fire-Conta... DOT Bans Galaxy Note 7 on Airplanes Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » Microsoft Won't Offer Free Office Apps for Many Chrome OS Devices Chrome OS devices with screens larger than 10.1" will need an Office 365 subscription. More » Report: Spotify Fixes Hard Drive-Killing Desktop Glitch Some reported read and write rates of hundreds of gigabytes per hour, potentially shortening hard dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 14 GOOG: 778.53 0.34 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Original Gear VR Headset $50, Aukey Bluetooth Sport Earbuds $10, more Stephen Hall - 1 month ago @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Original Samsung Gear VR headset for Galaxy phones: $50 shipped (Reg. $100) | Amazon Smartphone Accessories: The Best Selling Aukey Bluetooth Sport Earbuds are only $10 Prime shipped (Reg. $20), more Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Air is an ideal everyday machine, save $249 on the 256GB model: $950 shipped (Reg. $1,199) Apple’s 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro 2.2GHz/16GB/256GB is back down to $1,600 shipped (Reg. $1,999) Giveaway: Mophie’s new modular Hold Force lineup gives your iPhone 7 flexibility ($220 value) MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Today only, score two months of any Sling TV package for the price of one starting at $20 Games/Apps: FIFA 17 $40, DOOM $23, MGS V $18, iOS freebies, more The Toys R Us Great Big Book of Awesome leaked with deals on Star Wars, Drones, more Daily Deals: Viper Remote Start System $230, Samsung Galaxy Tab 32GB $130, more Amazon has a new selection of $1 HD digital movie rentals: The Nice Guys, Me Before You, more Luvvitt iPhone 7/Plus cases/screen protectors from $4.50 Prime shipped The Apple Award winning Threes! puzzler is now available for $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) The hand crafted puzzle-adventure game Lumino City for iOS: $2 (Reg. $5) You can now download both Hitman & Lara Croft Go on iOS for just $1 ($10 value) Apple offers 50% off top tier games on the App Store: BADLANDS 2, many more App Store Free App of the Week: Shadow Bug and its ninja action go free (Reg. $4) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Target is clearing out Beats by Dre Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones at 50% off (Black or White): $100 shipped (Orig. $200) Apple AirPort Extreme 802.11ac Wireless Base Station (cert. refurb) drops to $100 at Best Buy (Orig. $199) Give your 42mm Apple Watch a new leather band for $14 Grab a one-year Sam’s Club Membership for $25 (Reg. $45) LEGO Ideas Doctor Who Building Kit: $53 (Reg. $65+), more OnePlus 2 64GB 4G LTE Smartphone $240 (Reg. $300) Synology Disk Station 4-Bay NAS: $336 (Reg. $500) Jaybird X2 Sport Bluetooth Headphones for $80 (Reg. $100) Amazon 2016 Holiday Toy List Bodum Pour Over Coffee Maker is now down at $17 6-pack Philips LED Light Bulbs $15 (Reg. $25), more Foam Workout Roller 18-inch option is only $7 JBL Synchros Chrome Edition Headphones $99 (Orig. $300) Control five outlets w/ Etekcity’s for $21.50, more $20 off Kidde smoke and carbon monoxide alarms Discounts on several GE Z-Wave products: In-Wall Outlet $32 (Orig. $40), more DSLR cameras in Canon’s refurb sale: Rebel T6i Kit $530, more ‘Power of your Subconscious Mind’ Kindle eBook $0.30 6-pack TaoTronics A19 60W LED Light Bulbs $13, more ‘Are You Afraid of the Dark’ Complete Series for $20 Pyrex food storage set doubles as bakeware for $13.50 $50 BLACK+DECKER 20V Lithium Drill and Project Kit KIND Granola Bars (15-pack, multiple flavors) $6.50 This AmazonBasics 10-piece cookware set: $22 (Orig. $60) Take your pick of Samsung 4K Smart Ultra HDTVs Add the Star Wars Six Movie Collection for $75 (Reg. $100) JBL Arena 120 2-Way Loudspeakers $82 (Reg. $135) AmazonBasics 17-Sheet Shredder $113 (Reg. $165) Here’s your list of $1 HD movie rentals for the week LEGO Star Wars Command Shuttle for $89 Score a free three-month membership to BJ’s Warehouse Score a BOGO free coupon at Chipotle by completing its latest video game Your choice of widescreen displays w/ HDMI inputs NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Mag-Lev Audio’s Levitating Turntable lets your vinyl float in the air as it plays Ding is the smart home doorbell for the design-conscious techie Samsung’s new smartphone-connected kitchen appliances aim to simplify your meals Cassia Hub turns your Bluetooth speakers into a SONOS-like whole home audio system The Beatles Yellow Submarine LEGO set comes with John, Paul, George and Ringo Minifigs The new Tile Mate tracker is 25% smaller and designed for the everyday things in life Western Digital takes the wraps off new portable hard drives with an updated design Netgear’s Arlo Pro wireless security camera has insane battery life and free cloud storage CuCu Clock is a modern day timepiece for your wall with smartphone-connectivity Roku and Hitachi pair up for three 4K Ultra HDTVs with the popular streaming platform built-in Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 41F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 6:40 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Apple Festival brings many thousands to Tehachapi BY LINDA CARHART Contributing writer Oct 13, 2016 It was a fun and exciting weekend at the Apple Festival. Besides 70 vendors, including some great food and drink vendors, a variety of merchandise vendors and craft vendors at Railroad Park and on Green Street, there was great music going on all day long at the Railroad Park Main Stage. We had the very talented Guy Martin and Opal doing exceptional country/pop and Mike Heckathon singing and playing many favorite classic rock songs. Saturday ended with Judd Fassbender singing and playing a nice mix of alternative rock. It didn’t end there because on Sunday, the music continued with G. J. Katz, Classic Rock Tribute OMB followed by Bumpy Worthington and Friends doing a great mix of country/blues/classic rock. It certainly made an extended stay at the tables at the Main Stage incredibly enjoyable. Twelve cars arrived for the Red Car Show. It was a good beginning for this new aspect of the Apple Festival. The cars included a 2005 Chevy SSR, 1949 Mercury Sedan, 2016 GMC Canyon, 1928 Ford A-Sport Coupe, 1967 King Midget Roadster, 1960 Porche Roadster, a 1972 Chevy L.U.V, 1960 Chevy Corvair, 1997 Chevy Geo w Trailer and a 1941 Ford. Our second place winner was James W. Baker with his 1962 Ford Galaxie 500XL, and the first place winner Rachel and Hans Kahl with their 1960 Chevy Impala Convertible completed the bright and beautiful display. Congratulations to the winners and thanks to the over 550 votes we got from the public. There were more than 900 kids who went through the Kids Zone and had tons of fun on the bounce houses. Another 75 kids tried to master the apple bobbing game, which was no easy feat. They loved it anyway and were each given a free cone at McDonald's, courtesy of Bakersfield McDonald's. We had seven entries in the Pie Eating Contest. One of them, Bryce Perry, came back to defend his first-place title from last year. Amazingly, he won again this year. In second place was Zak Kauffman, who spent time looking for a pie eating contest and drove from LA to participate in ours. There was a lot of laughter and fun as seven men stuck their faces into a pie plate. On Sunday, we had a pie baking contest. Again, seven entries arrived and each brought two pies. One was for tasting and the second was to be auctioned off with the proceeds going to Veterans Collaborative Services. We had fantastic judges, Ed Grimes, our city councilman; Eugene Suksi, chief executive officer of the Tehachapi Valley Healthcare District; Norm Clendenin, Veterans Collaborative Services; and Mike Scardello, a true apple pie lover. They judged pies on appearance, crust and flavor. The winner was a young lady, India Penner, who is 17 and came to Tehachapi from Bakersfield to enter. Her presentation was exceptional. The pies she brought had a maple leaf crust and the second one had a pine leaf crust. They were not only magnificent to look at, but, apparently were delicious to eat. The first-place pie auctioned for $100 to Buddy Cummings. Second place in the pie baking contest went to Debbie Fagen and third to Barbara Nevins. We collected $380 for Veterans Collaborative Services. The Lions Club did their famous Apple Drop (numbered rubber apples, dropped from a crane) at 2:15 p.m. Sunday and many of the thousand or so people who bought the apples, plus Apple Festival participants, were there to watch it. The closest apple to the bulls eye got 50 percent of the sales. It’s great to see the crowd get so enthusiastic in anticipation of cheering on the winner. We really want to thank our sponsors including Omni Family Health, who were the presenters of The Tehachapi Apple Festival and who offered free health screenings and flu shots on Saturday. Thanks to KGET TV, McDonald's, The Loop Community Newspaper, and to Benz, the sponsor of the Kids Zone. Thank you to Andrew Pulford of Pulford Appletree Orchard for helping us with apples so that we had plenty for sale. Plus, we thank the lovely ladies of The American Legion Auxiliary for selling them. We appreciate the businesses on Green Street for allowing us to close the street and bring so many people and vendors to Tehachapi and also the businesses on Tehachapi Boulevard. We hope that those in merchandise had an increase in sales. I heard that there were lines at many of the restaurants in the immediate area of the Apple Festival. We had a premiere staff including our announcer and master of games and contests (and so much more), James Carhart. Thanks to Caitlyn Havis who helped to direct vendors and oversee Green Street while Daniel Havis was in charge of checking in, parking and overseeing the car show. Our two Rotaract staff members, Cassie and Bethany, took charge of the ballot process at the car show. Special thanks go out to The Tehachapi Valley Wrestling Club and The Tehachapi High School Wrestling Team for their incredible work at the Kids Zone and their help overall cleaning up each evening at The Apple Festival. Many people who had never been to Tehachapi before commented on how clean and nice our town is. Everyone, including the vendors, were thrilled with the beautiful weather. Hope we see everyone next year, second weekend of October. Linda Carhart is the former president of the Rotary Club of Tehachapi. This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi will have new faces for local government Early voting shows possible upsets in Tehachapi-area races Tehachapi romance author remembered for her work with animals Warriors blank Delano 27-0 in first round of CIF tourney Local boxer Macias tagged 'rising star' after stealing the show in Vegas Douglas Lamar Langston, 1970-2016 Football Notes: Podratz out for season with broken leg Paramedic celebrates 25 years of service Letter to the editor: The Electoral College simplified, and why we need it Golden Hills CSD seeks ways to police new Nature Park Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2016 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 41F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 6:40 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close Lions Club members Ric and Suzanne Williams congratulate C.J. Bixby, winner of the Apple Drop's $1,000 grand prize. Lions Club 4th annual Apple Drop to benefit seniors, diabetes research BY SUZANNE WILLIAMS Contributing writer Oct 13, 2016 Lions Club members Ric and Suzanne Williams congratulate C.J. Bixby, winner of the Apple Drop's $1,000 grand prize. The Tehachapi Lions Club successfully completed its 4th annual Apple Drop on Oct. 9 during the Tehachapi Apple Festival. Due to the generosity of others, the Lions will be able to donate funds to Christmas for Seniors in Tehachapi and the Lions Diabetes Foundation. The Lions would like to thank the community of Tehachapi for its support as well as Albertson’s for allowing them to sell tickets in front of their store. For the past two years, BSE Equipment Rental played a huge part in the success of the Apple Drop by donating the use of their man lift during the event. We would also like to thank our other sponsors: The City of Tehachapi, Carlos’ Donuts, Big Papa’s Steakhouse and Saloon, and Moats and Hebebrand CPAs. The Apple Drop was made even more successful due to generous donations of gift certificates from local businesses. The following is a list of the 2016 Tehachapi Lions Club Apple Drop winners: C.J. of Tehachapi won the grand prize of $1,000, Jon of Santa Monica won $750, Flo of Tehachapi won $500, Barbara of Tehachapi won a $50 Big Papa’s gift certificate, Laurie of Tehachapi won a dinner for two at the Steam Punk Café, Chuck of Tehachapi won a $50 Kmart gift certificate, Wayne of Palmdale won a $25 Kohnen’s Bakery gift certificate, Kathryn of Tehachapi won a $25 Henry’s Café gift certificate, Rufus of Tehachapi won three large Domino’s Pizzas, Joann of Acton won a $25 gift certificate from P-Dub’s Grille and Bar, Pat of Tehachapi won a $25 Home Depot gift certificate, Tenlee from Arizona won five Sail Thru Car Washes, and Ginny of San Gabriel and Stuart of Boron both won $20 Shed or Red House BBQ gift certificates. We would also like to give a special thank you to Shaun Murray and B.J. Kingsbury for their help in dropping the apples from the raised man lift onto our target again this year. The Lions will now be preparing for their Christmas for Seniors service project. This project serves to brighten the holidays for low-income, isolated and/or home-bound seniors in our community who have no family around to share Christmas. We are looking to expand our list of seniors. If you know of a senior who fits this criteria, contact Suzanne at 822-7583. We are currently collecting sundries items for our seniors. You can find a list of needed sundries items on the Lions Facebook page and also on their website http://e-clubhouse.org/sites/tehachapi/. Donations can be dropped off at The Loop, 204 S. Green St., or at the Tehachapi Chamber of Commerce, 209 E. Tehachapi Blvd., any time through Dec. 3. The Lions are also looking for some elves to help shop for the seniors wish list items (funded through the Apple Drop) and to deliver them. Volunteers are also needed beginning Nov. 1 at the main distribution center for Christmas for Seniors of Kern County in Bakersfield located at the East Hills Mall. Call Sandy Morris in advance if you would like to volunteer at 703-8893. We are so fortunate and blessed to live in such a caring and compassionate community. If you have the heart for service and are interested in helping in our community, the Lions meet the first and third Thursday of every month at 6:30 p.m., at the Tehachapi Senior Center. Suzanne Williams is the membership chairwoman for the Tehachapi Lions Club. This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi will have new faces for local government Early voting shows possible upsets in Tehachapi-area races Tehachapi romance author remembered for her work with animals Warriors blank Delano 27-0 in first round of CIF tourney Local boxer Macias tagged 'rising star' after stealing the show in Vegas Douglas Lamar Langston, 1970-2016 Football Notes: Podratz out for season with broken leg Paramedic celebrates 25 years of service Letter to the editor: The Electoral College simplified, and why we need it Golden Hills CSD seeks ways to police new Nature Park Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2016 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black Now Widely Available at U.S. Apple Stores Friday October 14, 2016 12:58 pm PDT by Joe Rossignol Since launching nearly one month ago, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black has been challenging to find at Apple Stores in the United States -- until today, that is. A spot check of iStockNow reveals the popular model is now at least temporarily available at a number of Apple's retail locations nationwide. Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus stock as of October 14 at 11:45 a.m. Pacific Time Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus models are currently in stock at a number of Apple Stores in several states, including major cities such as Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Diego, and San Francisco, at the time of publication. Availability varies based on carrier, color, and storage capacity. iStockNow uses Google Maps to visualize the real-time status of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus availability at Apple Stores in the United States and other countries, likely based on Apple's reservation system backend. Nevertheless, placing an online reservation or calling your local store ahead of time is highly recommended. Apple Stores with Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus availability will display a green marker upon setting search filters for that model. Clicking on an individual marker opens a window with an expanded model-by-model breakdown of availability, and the time that stock was last updated at that location. Jet Black iPhones have faced a global shortage as the new high-gloss finish has proven challenging to manufacture. The models suffer from a low casing production yield rate of 60-70%, meaning that 30-40% of units do not pass Apple's quality standards and must be reworked, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple says the high-gloss Jet Black finish is achieved through a precision nine-step anodization and polishing process. When pre-orders began on September 9, shipping estimates for Jet Black models quickly slipped to November, but some iPhone 7 Plus models in the new color shipped sooner than expected. Apple's current shipping estimate for Jet Black models is 6-8 weeks for both carrier-locked and newly released SIM-free models. While in-store stock is available in the U.S. at the time this article was published, supplies will likely be depleted very quickly. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tag: Apple retail [ 128 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) citysnaps 4 weeks ago Was it another planned shortage? Only common sense will tell us. No, evidence and links will, if you believe that it's happening. Common sense will tell most that's a stupid belief. The other's, well, keep on making stuff up... Rating: 9 Votes lcseds 4 weeks ago It's been over a month and there are so few plus units to be found. But this is the new Apple. Start preorders with little to no inventory and then make your loyal customer wait 6-8 weeks. Same thing when I purchased my 6 Plus. About 7 weeks or so before I got it. They must enjoy doing this or something. I have such a hard time believing Captain Logistics (Tim) can't get product out in a timely fashion. If Jet Black is hard to manufacture, okay. Where is the rest of the 7 plus line? It really is a joke, but the joke is on the customers. In theory, people may be halfway to a iphone refresh before getting one. Rating: 7 Votes ysr 4 weeks ago and yet no new macs Rating: 7 Votes cicalinarrot 4 weeks ago Was it another planned shortage? Only common sense will tell us. Rating: 6 Votes andrewpturko 4 weeks ago Waiting for the November preorders to chime in in 3,2.... Rating: 4 Votes littyboy 4 weeks ago I wanted to exchange my matte black 7 plus for the jet black, but it's been 3 weeks since I bought it. Would they make an exception if there were supply restraints? Lol no. Rating: 3 Votes djphat2000 4 weeks ago Got mine about 3 weeks earlier than they stated at time of order. :) Looks great, even thought it went straight into a case! Rating: 3 Votes dampfnudel 4 weeks ago A cousin showed me their black iPhone, already scratched like no one's business. Many videos I've seen online are the same. Total poor durability. I don't think we'll be seeing next year's iPhone 8 in jet black. Rating: 3 Votes Haxley 4 weeks ago Awesome. I had already ordered an iPhone 7 Plus Jet Black 256gb on September 19th with estimated shipping in November. I woke up this morning, like many mornings and checked iStockNow. Nothing, as usual. Went to work, checked the MacRumors feed on Apple News around lunch time and noticed this article. Checked iStockNow and the 256 Jet Black Plus was in stock, for my carrier, at 1/4 nearby stores. Drove 45 minutes to a mall after work, checked iStockNow again when I walked in the mall; still in stock, yes! Walked into a packed, next gen Apple Store and reserved the very last 256 Jet Black Plus for my carrier. I literally saw only "1" in stock when he selected it on an iPad. Told me I got the last one, come back in 20 minutes. I walked outside of the store, checked iStockNow and there were no more available. I couldn't believe how accurate the site was. Anyway, cancelled my 9/19 order and am restoring the new phone from backup now. Cheers and thanks MacRumors! Rating: 3 Votes ghostface147 4 weeks ago I just can't do it. Just way to much of a fingerprint magnet. I run my phones bareback....mostly. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 22 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store 3 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today opened up a new section of its iOS App Store called "For Those Who Serve" in honor of Veterans Day today, November 11. The company said that the collection of apps within the new... 11 comments iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays 3 days ago on iOS Blog iPhone display supplier Japan Display is in "advanced talks" with the government-backed fund Innovation Network Corp. of Japan to receive around ¥75 billion ($703 million) in financing,... 9 comments New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 3 days ago on iOS Blog In September, Yahoo confirmed that at least 500 million of its users' accounts had been compromised during an attack in late 2014. Now, in a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange... 26 comments Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines 3 days ago on iOS Blog Snapchat's video-recording Spectacles became available to buy in the U.S. on Thursday, not online or in stores, but from pop-up vending machines. Called 'Snapbots', the giant... 18 comments Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes 3 days ago on Mac Blog Spotify's desktop music streaming app has been accused of putting an unnecessary burden on users' machines by continuously writing massive amounts of data to local storage, even when the app... 56 comments Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store 3 days ago on Mac Blog Apple over the past two days has started approving Mac App Store apps that have been updated with Touch Bar support on the new MacBook Pro. One of the first Touch Bar apps is OmniGraffle 7, a... 44 comments • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11) • Instagram Update Introduces Boomerang and User Mentions Into Stories (3) • Apple's Extended Holiday Return Policy Now in Effect (29) • Apple Maps Now Provides Traffic Conditions in Bulgaria, Slovakia, and Slovenia (11) • Apple TV Universal Search Now Includes MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed (5) • Best Buy Unveils Black Friday Deals on iPad, MacBook Air, Apple TV, and More (24) • Classic Strategy Game 'Rome: Total War' Now Available on iPad for $9.99 (8)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Wearable Technology BusinessWearable Technology Apple CEO Tim Cook: AR is bigger than VR By Todd Haselton | October 14, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple has been relatively mum on its ambitions for jumping into the virtual reality landscape. Now we know a little more why. During a recent interview with BuzzFeed, Apple CEO Tim Cook said he values human interaction more, giving AR the leg-up. “There’s no substitute for human contact,” Cook said. “And so you want the technology to encourage that. We are high on AR for the long run,” Cook said, referring to augmented reality. “I think AR can be huge.” AR is the sort of experience that Microsoft HoloLens offers. It’s also how Pokémon Go works. It allows the user to interact with the real world without stepping away from it. VR, instead, requires you to leave this world, stepping completely into another one. “Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it’s profound,” he said.”We might… have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right? Things like these are better when they’re incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking. You want the technology to amplify it, not be a barrier.” That’s true if we’re considering conversation, but what about immersive gaming experiences? VR, in my opinion, is better suited for that. Why this matters: Apple hasn’t talked much about its plans for VR or AR, leaving its plans seemingly up in the air. As BuzzFeed points out, however, Apple acquired has a patent for a couple of head-mounted displays. That suggests definite interest in the field. Cook suggested Apple isn’t going to rush to get products on the market, however. Source BuzzFeed Topics #Apple #Apple #ar #VR Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Sunday, November 13, 2016 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Life Weekend   Be here now Bring on Halloween festivities From haunted walks to zombie dances, updated events list has full share of scare     Nearby Nature's Haunted Hike is Oct. 22 at Alton Baker Park. (Sahalie Pittman/Courtesy of Nearby Nature)   Oct. 15, 2016   Today’s Weekend stories Only one way out Weekend events in Lane County and beyond for Nov. 12-13 New twists for the Thanksgiving table More Weekend »   This weekend The Thrill The World Eugene dance to Michael Jackson’s “Thriller” begins at 3 p.m. Oct. 29 at Amazon Community Center, 2700 Hilyard St. Dance practices are ongoing from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. at Spencer Butte Middle School’s large gym, 500 E. 43rd Ave., on the remaining dates: Oct. 20, Oct. 27. Register at thrilltheworldeugene.com. Make clay Halloween decorations every Sunday from 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. through Oct. 23 at the Amazon Community Center, 2700 Hilyard St. Cost is $30 per person; eugene-or.gov/139/recreation. The Frightuary — Haunted House in the Livestock Arena at Lane Events Center, 706 W. 13th Ave., is open from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. Oct. 21-22, Oct. 28, Oct. 30-31; from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. Oct. 20, Oct. 27; from 7 p.m. to midnight Oct. 29. Admission is $13; thefrightuary.com. Repurpose a porcelain doll into a festive Día de los Muertos figure in a Día de los Dollies class from 5:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 19, at at Willamalane Park and Recreation’s Adult Activity Center, 215 W. C St. in Springfield. Bring a porcelain doll, but other supplies will be provided. Cost is $39 to $46. Must register at willamalane.org. Nearby Nature needs help to carve 80 pumpkins for the annual Haunted Hike. Volunteers are needed from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 20; meet at the Learnscape outside the Alton Baker Park host residence. Bring carving tools. All ages are welcome with an adult. Call 541-687-9699. The Eugene YMCA hosts a Halloween Family Fun Night from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Friday, Oct. 21. There will be face painting, a carnival, a bounce house and crafts for the kids. Take part in the dance party, watch a movie in the pool and visit the Spooky Room. Snacks will be served. Free and open to the public; eugeneymca.org. Family Game Night has a Harvest Party theme from 6 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Friday, Oct. 21 at Sheldon Community Center, 2445 Willakenzie Road. Play pumpkin Tic Tac Toe, make scarecrow puppets. Baked potatoes will be served for dinner. Free; eugene-or.gov. Upstart Crow Studios, 855 W. First Ave., presents It’s Only a Nightmare — A Spooky Revue of favorite Halloween movies and other musical twists. Performances are at 7 p.m. Oct. 21, 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. Oct. 22, 3 p.m. Oct. 23. Audience members are welcome to wear costumes. Tickets are $12; eventbrite.com/o/upstart-crow-studios-7863763700. Eugene’s Haunted Walking Tour, a historical and story-telling tour, starts at Hilton Eugene, 66 E. Sixth Ave., at 8:30 p.m. for two weekends, Oct. 21-23 and Oct. 28-30. Listen to ghost stories and then see the places involved over about a 2-mile course. Event goes on rain or shine. Cost is $19 to $21; buy tickets at eugenehauntedtour.com. Learn how to apply make-up to look like a zombie just in time for Halloween from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 22 at Willamalane Center, 250 S. 32nd St. in Springfield. Cost to attend is $10 to $13; willamalane.org. The Springfield Public Library, 225 Fifth St. in Springfield, is hosting a Día de los Muertos Celebration in the City Hall Lobby from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. Oct. 22. The event includes musical performances and crafts. All ages welcome. Free; wheremindsgrow.org. Sweet Cheeks Winery hosts a Masquerade Ball from 6:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. Oct. 22 at 27007 Briggs Hill Road. Wear masquerade attire, a Halloween costume or dress to the 1970s theme. Tickets are $25 and include a complimentary glass of wine. DJ Nate Robertson provides music. For 21 and older; sweetcheekswinery.com. Nearby Nature’s Haunted Hike is from 5:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. Oct. 22 at Alton Baker Park. Enjoy a pumpkin-lit walk through the woods. There also will be creepy crafts, games. Bring a flashlight and appropriate rain gear; event goes on rain or shine. Cost to attend is $5, but members are free. Must register to attend at nearbynature.org. Fifth Street Public Market, 296 E. Fifth Ave., presents professional giant pumpkin carver Tom Lindskog from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 22-23, Oct. 29-30. Free; 5stmarket.com. Mount Pisgah Arboretum, 34901 Frank Parrish Road, hosts the annual Scarecrow Building and Pumpkin Carving Workshop from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Oct. 23. Scarecrows made at the workshop may be entered in the contest at the annual Mushroom and Music Festival, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Oct. 30. Cost per pumpkin or scarecrow is $5. Pants, shirts, straw and pumpkins provided, but you are encouraged to bring your own used clothes; mountpisgaharboretum.com. Upcoming events REI, 306 Lawrence St., hosts Zombie Preparedness — Surviving a Zombie Apocalypse from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Oct. 25. Learn survival techniques, which will be useful in any natural disaster, or, er, a Zombie attack. Free; register at rei.com/events. Haunted Two50, a teen-created spook fest is from 4 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Oct. 27-28 inside the Willamalane Center, 250 S. 32nd St. in Springfield. There will be minimal gore, emphasis on fun. Entrance fee is $2; willamalane.org. Ophelia’s Place, 1577 Pearl St., Suite 100, hosts a Halloween Party from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 27 for girls 10 to 18. There will be themed activities, crafts and snacks. Costumes are welcome. Free; opheliasplace.net. Tickets are available now for the Monster Mash-Up Halloween at Opal Center, 513 E. Main St. in Cottage Grove. Performances are at 7:30 p.m. Oct. 27-29, Nov. 3-5. Cost is $12; opalcentercg.org. Actors Cabaret of Eugene presents “The Rocky Horror Show,” a musical tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the 1940s-’70s. Shows are Oct. 27-29 and Nov. 3-5. Tickets range from $16 to $48; actorscabaret.org. Celebrate Halloween at the Homestead, a Singing Creek Educational Center event specially designed for children ages 5 to 12 and featuring vintage crafts, games with prizes and a shadow puppet play. The event is from 3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Oct. 28 at Singing Creek Educational Center, 92194 Purkerson Road in Junction City. There will be baked treats and hot drinks for purchase. Cost to attend is $10; register to attend at singingcreekcenter.org. Boooo Barn at the Petersen Barn, 870 Berntzen Road, is from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Oct. 28. Highlights include a haunted house, carnival games, ghost stories, treats. Free and for all ages; eugene-or.gov/139/recreation. River Road Park and Recreation District’s annual Howl-O-Ween Haunt is from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Oct. 28 at 1400 Lake Drive. There will be a costume contest, spooky games and creepy cuisine. Free admission, but game and activity tickets are 25 cents; rrpark.org. Kids’ Night Out Costume Party, a night of fun and games for ages 4 to 11, is from 6:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. Oct. 28 at the Willamalane Center, 230 S. 32nd St. in Springfield. Cost to attend is $10; willamalane.org. Pinots and Pumpkins is from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. Oct. 28 at the Noble Estate’s urban location, 560 Commercial St. Henry Cooper Music to perform. Noble Estate wines, plus local beers on tap. Costumes recommended, but not required. For 21 and older; nobleestatewinery.com. The Children’s Repertory of Oregon Workshops presents its annual Scare-C.R.O.W Haunted Maze fundraiser, open from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Oct. 28-29, and from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Oct. 30-31. The haunted maze takes place indoors at the performing arts center, 3120 Highway 101 in Florence. The event is not recommended for children younger than 8. Entrance fee is $5 per person; crowkids.com. Valhalla Winery (formerly Domaine Meriwether Winery), 23785 Highway 126 in Veneta, presents a Halloween Soiree from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. Oct. 28. There is a costume contest. DJ Nate Robertson provides tunes. Food available for purchase, plus wines and beer on tap. For 21 and older. Tickets are $10; meriwetherwines.com. The Psychedelic Costume Ball, featuring the Merry Pranksters, Garcia Birthday Band and the Sugar Beets is Oct. 28 at Cozmic/Whirled Pies, 199 W. Eighth Ave. Tickets are $13 to $15. Doors open at 7:30 p.m. with show at 9 p.m. Also at Cozmic is The Beatles Halloween Jamboree from 7:30 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. Oct. 29; cozmicproductions.com. Dexter Lake Club, 39128 Dexter Road, presents a Halloween Costume Party at 8 p.m. Oct. 28. Redneck Mother will perform music. There will be barbecue food and drinks. Free if in costume; call 541-937-4050. Cowfish Dance Club, 62 W. Broadway, hosts A Night to Dismember — Zombie Prom at 10 p.m. Oct. 28. This event is a fundraiser for Lane Arts Council. There will be a zombie costume and dancing with DJ Shaun Mediaclast of the Dead. Cover charge is $3 to $5; Cowfish is on Facebook. Seven Feathers in Canyonville hosts a Halloween Spooktacular Dance Party and Costume Contest starting at 7 p.m. Oct. 28. For 21 and older. Admission tickets are $10; sevenfeathers.com. Whole Earth Nature School’s Spooky Spaghetti Feed Fundraiser is at 6 p.m. Oct. 28 at Churchill High School. Wear family-friendly costumes. $5 per child, $10 per adult. Plus, raffle tickets; wholeearthschool.com. Broadway Metro, 43 W. Broadway, features the newly remastered 1979 horror classic “Phantasm” and its new sequel “Phantasm: Ravager” at 9:30 p.m. Oct. 28-Oct. 31; get tickets at broadwaymetro.com. The Shelton McMurphey Johnson House, 303 Willamette St., hosts a Halloween Tea at 1 p.m. Oct. 29. This formal tea features tea sandwiches, scones, savories and sweets. Cost is $30 and reservations are required; smjhouse.org. The Springfield Public Library’s annual Little Monster Bash is from 2:30 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. Oct. 29 at 225 Fifth St. in Springfield. There will be scary stories, songs and crafts for families. Wear a costume. Free; wheremindsgrow.org. Trick-or-Treat Street is from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. Oct. 29 at the Lincoln County Commons, 633 N.E. Third St., Newport. Highlights include Trick-or-Treat Street, a petting zoo, a Spooktacular Photo Wall — photos for $1 each. There are “storefront” opportunities for local businesses to participate; call 541-574-6534, Ext. 57411. Demons, Creatures and Monsters: The Wonderfully Wicked World of Halloween Animals is at 3 p.m. Oct. 29 at the downtown Eugene Public Library, 100 W. 10th Ave., featuring an entertaining re-evaluation of animals associated with Halloween. Free; eugene-or.gov/library. Oak Hill School, 86397 Eldon Schafer Road, next to Lane Community College, hosts a thrill-filled, family friendly Family Fright Night from 3 p.m. to 8 p.m. Oct. 29. Highlights include trick-or-treating, hayrides through the forest, a bonfire for making s’mores, apple cider, a pumpkin demolition (courtesy of the school’s Physics Department) and a costume contest. A showing of “The Wolf Man” from 1941 ends the festivities. Free; oakhillschool.org. Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art’s annual Día de los Muertos Celebration is from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Oct. 29, 1430 Johnson Lane. There will be music, poetry, art and more. Free; jsma.uoregon.edu. The Wildlife Safari Harvest Zoobilee is from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Oct. 29 at the outdoor park, 790 NW Safari Road in Winston. This is intended as a safe, boo-less night for families, featuring games, face painting, candy and other treats. Admission is $5, or $4 with a canned food donation for the Salvation Army; wildlifesafari.net. Pfeiffer Winery, 25040 Jaeg Road in Junction City is throwing a Halloween Bash from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. Oct. 29. Costumes are definitely encouraged for a costume contest. Appetizers and wine will be served. Cost is $30-$35 to attend; pfeifferwinery.com. The Red Raven Follies presents its vintage variety show at 9:30 p.m. Oct. 29 at Sam Bonds, 407 Blair Blvd. Tickets are $8 to $12; sambonds.com. The Monster Mash benefit run for Kidsports is Oct. 30 at Alton Baker Park, with a Kids 1K at 9:30 a.m. and a 5K run/walk at 10 a.m. The race fees are $5 to $35. Race-day registration begins at 8:30 a.m. at the park shelters; eclecticedgeracing.com. The Science Factory, 2300 Leo Harris Parkway, hosts a Mad Scientist Halloween Extravaganza at noon Oct. 30. There will be eerie experiments, spooky science demonstrations, haunted carnival games and a giant trebuchet for pumpkin launching. Costumes are encouraged. Admission is $6; sciencefactory.org. Family Fun: Fall Festivals is at 1 p.m. Oct. 30, featuring hands-on crafts for kids to learn about Diwali, Halloween and Day of the Dead at Eugene Public Library, 100 W. 10th Ave. Free; eugene-or.gov/library. The Westminster Presbyterian Church presents Trunk Or Treat from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. Oct. 30 in the church parking at 777 Coburg Road. There will be games, a costume contes, tricks and treats. Decorate your car trunk; there will be a prize for best decorated trunk; 541-343-3140. The Haunted Market at Fifth Street Public Market is from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Oct. 30-31 in the market courtyard. Enjoy tricks and treating, face painting, giant pumpkin carving, spooky stories and a photo booth. Admission is $3 or bring three cans for FOOD for Lane County; 5stmarket.com. All Hallows’ Eugene is from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 31 in downtown Eugene. Highlights include trick-or-treating at downtown businesses; a pet parade and contest starting at the Hult Center at 4 p.m. with registration at 3 p.m.; a costume contest at 4:30 p.m. and a costume parade at 5:15 p.m., both at the Hult Center. Festivities at Kesey Square feature KWVA DJs spinning spooky music and the Thrill the World Zombie dance. The city of Springfield hosts Trick-or-Treating at City Hall from 3:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. Oct. 31 on Fifth Street in downtown. The event features magician Jay Frasier. For all ages; free. Sam Bonds, 407 Blair Blvd., hosts a family-friendly Halloween Party from 4:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. Oct. 31. Features music from the Fiddlin Big Sue Band. Free; sambonds.com. Camp Harlow, 3850 Country Farm Road, presents Harvest Time at Camp Harlow from 6 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Oct. 31. This free event features games, prizes, candy, train rides and more; campharlow.com. Local dentist Lohring Miller and staff have set up a candy buy back program from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Nov. 1 at 1310 Coburg Road, Suite 2, for kids to bring in their excess Halloween candy and keep their teeth healthy. The candy will be bought at $1 a pound, with a limit of $20 for each child. The candy then will be shipped to U.S. troops overseas as part of Operation Gratitude. Call 541-357-4938. Launch pumpkins and apples at the Punkin’ Chunkin’, Nov. 5 at the Science Factory, 2300 Leo Harris Parkway. See local makers compete against each other with homemade projectile launchers. Sign up to apply to build a launcher at sciencefactory.org. Eugene Witches Ball is from 1 p.m. to 10 p.m. Nov. 5 at WOW Hall, 291 W. Eighth Ave. This event features a costume contest, workshops, kids activities, music with Tempest and Black Magdalene. Tickets are $10 to $40; eugenewitchesball.com. More Be here now articles » Email Halloween-related events to christine.sherk@registerguard.com.     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Weekend stories Out and About Only one way out Be here now Weekend events in Lane County and beyond for Nov. 12-13 Entertaining New twists for the Thanksgiving table     Local Healthcare Lane County shoppers find higher costs, fewer health plans on insurance exchange Open enrollment is operating as usual despite President-elect Trump’s pledge to repeal the law Lane County residents who buy their health insurance on the exchange created by the federal Affordable Care Act may be wondering what to do because of President-elect Donald Trump’s pledge to repeal the act. Open … Related Local residents feeling the sticker shock of rising premiums | Local Trump’s presidential victory brings optimism to Oregon’s timber industry, worry to environmental groups Festive farming: Harvest time comes for Willamette Valley Christmas tree growers Death penalty issues prompt judge to postpone Springfield man’s capital murder trial More Local » Lifestyles Lifestyle Chasing Earhart Pair seeks to make a film about new expedition to find answers When a team of experts travels to a remote Pacific island next year in search of clues that Amelia Earhart landed there nearly 80 years ago, Eugene archaeologist Rick Pettigrew hopes to document the expedition. … Mom’s spirit lives on in adopted son Channeling his inner grouch On Vashon island,   a world away More Lifestyles » Tastings Tastings A tale of two cideries In Corvallis and Eugene, 2 Towns Ciderhouse and WildCraft Cider Works press on to lead a plucky revival of local cider production Already famous for world-class beers and wines, Oregon is gaining acclaim for yet another craft beverage: cider. Once prolific in the United States, alcoholic hard cider all but disappeared during and after Prohibition in the early 20th century. Yet in Eugene and Corvallis, two cidermakers — WildCraft Cider Works and 2 Towns Ciderhouse — are reaching to the past and working toward a future where quality cider is plentiful. ... The ABCs and 123s of beer Real spices, true flavors of the Middle East Pinot blanc: Oregon’s other, other, other pinot More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2016 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Personal Computers Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 13, 2016 10:51:03 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Computing > Hardware > Personal Computers | HP Debuts Flashy New Computers By John P. Mello Jr. Oct 14, 2016 10:27 AM PT Watch out, Apple. HP on Wednesday introduced a new generation of premium computer products that could generate the kind of excitement in the market that's usually the domain of the folks at One Infinite Loop. Among the new HP offerings are a new tablet-laptop convertible, a svelte laptop, an innovative all-in-one model, and a 4k display designed for dual screen setups. "HP has absolutely raised their bar in design, quality and performance," said Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. The new HP machines target the premium end of the PC market, he told TechNewsWorld. "The target market for these are consumers who care a lot about design and performance and are willing to pay for it," said Moorhead. "HP has been gaining premium PC market share in U.S. retail, so they must have obviously cracked the code there." Convertible and Laptop HP's convertible offering is the Spectre x360 (pictured above), which is 2 millimeters thinner than its predecessor and now weighs less than 3 pounds. It has a 13.3-inch FHD IPS display, four speakers and is offered with either an i5 or an i7 seventh-generation Intel Core processor. It supports log-in via facial recognition and has up to 15 hours of battery life. What's more, the battery can be charged 90 percent in 90 minutes via a quick-charge function. The Spectre x360, available immediately, sells for US$1,049.99. HP's laptop offering, the Envy, offers more battery life than its predecessor -- it has a runtime of up to 14 hours -- but at 14mm thick and 3.15 pounds, it's not as thin and light. It has a 13.3-inch display with a touchscreen option and an extra-wide glass touchpad. HP Envy Laptop The Envy will be available Oct. 26 priced at $849.99. All-In-One and Monitor The Envy AIO 27 is HP's all-in-one desktop unit. It has a 27-inch QHD 3.6 million-pixel display that is just 15mm thick, because all the computing and storage power resides in the monitor's base. The display supports a "low blue light" mode for improved eye comfort. The base has a sound bar with four speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen. Other features include a webcam that pops into the display when not in use, support for sixth-generation Intel quad core i5 or i7 desktop processors, storage on a solid state drive of up to 256 gigabytes, a hard drive of up to 2 terabytes, and HDMI in and out ports. The AIO 27 sells for $1,299 and will be available this month. HP's new monitor is the 27-inch Envy 27. It supports 4K video and has a micro-edge bezel. Its RGB color accuracy exceeds 99 percent and includes a Display Port, HDMI and USB C, which can be used to charge devices. The Envy 27 will be available Dec. 4 for $499.99. Apple Dropped the Ball The new HP offerings meet an unfulfilled need in the market, said Bob O'Donnell, chief analyst at Technalysis Research. "These are premium-looking and well-configured products," he told TechNewsWorld, "and given how Apple has dropped the ball advancing the Mac, there's an opportunity on the premium side of PCs." Sinking PC shipments have spurred computer makers to intensify their efforts to impress. "It's become more incumbent upon the companies staying in the market to drive more profit from the premium end," said Ross Rubin, principal analyst with Reticle Research. "Of course, Apple has been strong in that segment of the market," he told TechNewsWorld. However, Apple is expected to pick up the ball again at the end of the month with a refresh of its Macintosh line of computers. "It's too early to tell if HP has upstaged Apple until we see what Apple comes out with next," Moorhead said. "It does set a higher bar for Apple to cross, though." Reviving PC Market PC shipments have been declining for years, although there was a small bump up in this year's second quarter. PC shipments in the United States jumped 1.4 percent compared with the same period a year ago, reported Gartner, which includes tablets in its tallies. PC shipments climbed 4.9 percent, according to IDC, which excludes tablets. Worldwide shipments fell, however -- by 5.2 percent according to Gartner, and by 4.9 percent according to IDC's analysis. HP and others hope to create some momentum in the market by introducing new premium products capable of generating the kind of excitement that could infect the whole market. "In aggregate with what Dell and Lenovo have done, HP's new line could breathe some new life into the PC market," Moorhead said. PCs Not Dead HP also is hoping the new line can prod consumers to buy a new computer. "All PC manufacturers are trying to kickstart the replacement market," said Jack E. Gold of J.Gold Associates. "Everyone says PC's are dead," he told TechNewsWorld. "PCs aren't dead. It's just that people are holding onto them for much longer than they have in the past," Gold pointed out. "Lenovo, HP, Dell -- they're all trying to find ways to bring some excitement back into the market," he said. "They're looking at new form factors and all sorts of things to get consumers to get excited and buy upgrades. It's not a bad strategy." Will the new HP offerings excite consumers enough to trade in their old PCs? "It's always a challenge to get people to spend money for tech," Gold acknowledged, "but for those users who have not been upgrading in the past, there's a lot of stuff here to really like." John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Smart home technology is here, and ... It has made my home safer and more enjoyable. I'm interested, but most of it is still too expensive. It's a mess. Too many disparate devices. It's not all that smart or reliable. Who needs it? I like my dumb home just fine. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Facebook Share Price Falls Despite Blowout Quarter Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Russia's Fancy Bear Attacks Microsoft, Adobe as Election Nears Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Here’s When You Can Get the Apple Watch Nike+ – Fortune Posted on October 14, 2016 by Fortune The wait is nearly over. Apple has announced that it will introduce the Apple Watch Nike+ on Oct. 28. The device, which starts at $369, is designed for active users who want to track their activity, distance traveled, and the weather. The band was … Apple Watch Nike+ to launch on Oct. 28, Apple saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Watch Nike+ edition to arrive October 28CNET The runner-focused Apple Watch Nike+ launches on October 28Macworld TechCrunch -Ars Technica -Mac Rumors -ZDNet all 33 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting China warns Trump against abandoning climate change deal Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US Trump appoints Reince Priebus as his chief of staff India’s cash chaos sparks growing backlash US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Seven Donald Trump policies that could change the US Trump appoints Reince Priebus as his chief of staff Tale of two Trumps plays out in first appointments Democrats see silver lining in release from Clinton grip Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Silicon Valley frets over foreign worker crackdown Lego split with Daily Mail puts pressure on other groups ANZ Bank admits inability to control its Malaysian affiliate  Toblerone moves mountains to lose weight Tesco Bank ‘ignored warnings’ about cyber weakness Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Investor repositioning under Trump — the big questions $200bn drained from equity funds since start of 2016 Investors try to make sense of Trump election shock Henry Kaufman says Trump will help kill 30-year bond rally Emerging market currencies fall most in 5 years Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Seven takeaways from the victory of Donald Trump The Republican party is being refashioned A badly designed US stimulus will only hurt the working class Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Donald Trump’s dangerous delusions on trade Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee The search for a better US election map Review — ‘Payoff’ by Dan Ariely Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Michael Gould: the Anaplan founder’s reading and listening list Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London Why people shouldn’t snigger at Trump’s opulent $100m penthouse Five properties worth $100m-plus The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Samsung: Life after the ‘iPhone killer’ Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ special edition to go on sale on October 28 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ special edition to go on sale on October 28 October 14, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment With the announcement of Apple Watch Series 2 last month, a special Nike+ edition of the Watch was demoed with a release date of later this year. Now, the Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch Series 2 will be on sale starting on October 28 (via WatchGeneration). The Nike+ edition is different from the standard Apple Watch Series 2 in three ways. First, it’s offered in four models. Two with a Space Gray case, and two with the standard aluminum casing. Secondly, it comes with a custom florelastomer band that is able to breathe and reduce weight. Third, just like the Hermès collection, the Nike+ model will be coming with custom digital and analog Watch faces. It’s also bundled with the Nike+ Run Club app, but that can be downloaded and used on any Apple Watch. Tags: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Series 2, Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← iPhone 4, Late 2010 MacBook Air 13-inch, and more will become obsolete at the end of the month Apple’s new store design to not feature a security tether → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > iPhone 4, Late 2010 MacBook Air 13-inch, and more will become obsolete at the end of the month iPhone 4, Late 2010 MacBook Air 13-inch, and more will become obsolete at the end of the month October 14, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment For those who are rocking the iPhone 4 or Late 2010 MacBook Air 13-inch, it may be time to seek an upgrade. Japanese site Macotakara is reporting that Apple will declare both of these products as obsolete by the end of the month. This means Apple will no longer offer parts or repair services for either of these products. If you own a CDMA iPhone 4, you’re already out of luck as it became obsolete last month. Owners of the 3rd-generation AirPort Extreme or 2nd-generation Time Capsule will also need to act quickly as those have the same October 31 deadline. Apple typically supports products with repairs and services up to five years after the device was release. From that point, the company declares them obsolete (or ‘vintage’ in California and Turkey as consumer law states products need to be supported for up to seven years). Apple only uses the word ‘obsolete’ after seven years. The iPhone 4 going vintage does set a precedent, however. As it’s the first Apple product with a Retina display to go vintage. Apple’s entire list of vintage and obsolete products can be found here. As always, you can go to third-party retailers to find third-party parts to replace your broken or damaged parts. Tags: iPhone 4, Obsolete, Vintage About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple now offers SIM-Free iPhone 7 and 7 Plus devices Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ special edition to go on sale on October 28 → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple’s new store design to not feature a security tether Apple’s new store design to not feature a security tether October 14, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple’s new retail stores will not feature security tethers on display products, according to CNET. The new redesign will slowly be making its way across the world, but starts in Apple’s London’ Regent Street. Perhaps the most interesting feature of the store is that when it opens to the public at the weekend the devices won’t be tethered to the tables as they were previously, and are in other stores around the world. Apple says this is to allow people to hold them properly, try cases on them and even see how they feel in your pocket. While the lack of a physical security tethers, and even CCTV cameras as CNET reports, the risk of someone stealing the display devices aren’t as high as some may think. An alarm sounds when the devices leave the store (likely with some sort of geofencing), or Apple could use its own Find My iPhone service to track the devices down if they do leave the store. Regardless, CCTV cameras are probably within the stores but aren’t visible. While most will make this seem like a thief’s heaven, it’s a smart move for Apple. This way it gives the customer the flexibility to hold the devices naturally, try on cases, and overall give the store a cleaner look. Tags: Apple Retail Store, Apple Store About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ special edition to go on sale on October 28 iOS 10 offers software workaround if iPhone 7’s Home button fails → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 Available Oct 28 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 14th, 2016 10:39 AM EST | Product News If you’ve been holding out for the Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2, you can finally put a date on your calendar. Apple will start selling the sports and fitness-focused version of its smartwatch on October 28. Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 available October 28 The Nike+ Apple Watch comes with a perforated wristband for less weight and better ventilation, and exclusive watch faces just for the Nike+ running app. The Nike+ models also come in special color combinations. Pricing is the same as the non-Nike models. You can pick one up at the end of the month for US$369 for the 38mm model or $399 for the 42mm model. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple Watch, fitness, Nike+ One Comment Add a comment jrguk October 15, 2016 Is this the “scheduling conflict”? That’ll be a disappointment for many, if so. October 15, 2016 at 11:05 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5167 Jeff Gamet product-news 1 1476441587 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-14: Nike+ Apple Watch, Google’s Voting Aid Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 14th, 2016 1:10 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Good news athletes, the Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 will be available on October 28th. Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk about why they might–or might not–want the special edition Apple Watch model, plus Bryan finds a way to use Google to keep track of who’s on this November’s ballot. MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-14: Nike+ Apple Watch, Google's Voting Aid 1:10 PM Oct. 14th, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Good news athletes, the Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 will be available on October 28th. Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk... Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2 Available Oct 28 watchOS 3: How to Add and Customize Apple Watch Faces Google Offers Ballot Information Tailored to You TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 5175 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1476450657 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
ON NEWSSTANDS 106 Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / News Listen To The Second Episode Of FADER World Radio The FADER will be on Apple Music’s Beats 1 radio every Saturday in October. Tune into our second episode on Saturday, October 15. By The FADER Saturday, October 15, The FADER is back on Apple Music's Beats 1 for the second episode of FADER World Radio, the month-long takeover. Every weekend in October, you'll hear playlists made by members of The FADER team, and guest mixes from some of our favorite people in music. Tune in here this Saturday for episode two, airing October 15 at 11 a.m. in L.A., 2 p.m. in New York, and 7 p.m. in London. You'll hear a at-home-turn-up playlist of R&B, soul, and jazz from FADER's Lakin Starling, and a guest mix from Maleek Berry, the London afropop hitmaker who works with artists like Wizkid and Davido, and just released an excellent EP. If you miss it the first time around, you can catch encores of the show later on October 15, at 11 p.m. in L.A., 2 a.m. in N.Y., and 7 a.m. in London. It will air again on Sunday, October 16, at 9 p.m. in L.A., 12 a.m. in N.Y., and 5 a.m. in London. With an Apple Music subscription, you can listen to FADER World Radio on demand at any time. Check back here for the full episode playlist on Monday, and tune in to Beats 1 through the end of the month for more episodes of FADER World Radio, with guest mixes from Ricky Eat Acid and Jubilee. October 14, 2016 Beats 1, Hip-Hop, maleek berry, Pop, R&B, Rock Read full story music / News Listen To The Second Episode Of FADER World Radio Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Field Reps Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 106 Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2016 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple Watch Nike+ hits the ground running later this month Eric Abent - Oct 14, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Back when Apple revealed its latest round of Apple Watches, the company showed off a variant with Nike+ branding. There was just one small issue with the reveal: while the rest of the watches had solid release dates, the Apple Watch Nike+ model had a rather vague “late October” launch window. It would appear that Apple and Nike have decided to get more specific, updating the Apple Watch Nike+ landing page with an actual release date. The Apple Watch Nike+ edition will be releasing on October 28. It’s arriving a little late to the party, as the other devices in Apple Watch Series 2 launched back in the middle of September. Still, better late than never for the fitness-focused Apple Watch variant, which will be launching at the same price as its Series 2 counterparts. The Nike+ edition Apple Watch will come in four different colors, all a little more vibrant than the standard Apple Watch devices. In keeping with the fitness-centric theme, it also ships with a rubberized sports band. Additionally, the watch comes with two Nike-themed watch faces which give easy access to the Nike+ Run Club app. Read More: Apple Watch Nike Plus first-impressions and hands-onOther than those features, the Nike+ model isn’t all that different from the Apple Watch Series 2 devices. It has the same internals, which includes water resistance – not waterproofing, keep in mind – at depths of up to 50m. It also comes in 38mm and 42mm varieties, just like the other Series 2 watches. So, while there isn’t much of a difference between the Nike+ version and the rest, what the Nike+ offers might be good for someone who plans to use their watch more for fitness tracking than anything else. That’s especially true if you need motivation to workout, as the Nike+ is capable of sending you workout reminders through Run Club. If you think this is the version for you, you’ll be able to grab one starting October 28. The 38mm variant will cost $369, while the larger 42mm version will set you back $399. VIA: Macworld SOURCE: Apple Story Timeline Apple Watch Series 2 adds GPS, swim-proofing, Nike+ version Apple Watch Series 2 release and pricing info revealed Belkin unveils iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 accessories Apple Watch Series 2 teardown reveals bigger battery, water resistant chassis Tags AppleApple WatchNikesmartwatchsmartwatches Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null

▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Americas | Santa Cruz Indymedia HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. SUCK TURDS BILLY GATES INDY BAY TURD DOLLS U.S.C GIMPS WITH TURD HOLE FINGERS! by HITLERSON WARMACHT Friday Oct 14th, 2016 10:28 AM SUCK TARDS YOUR TURDS GIMP WADS ! YOU FECAL WORMS OF GIMPS! SEE MR MISTER IN PUBLIC SMASH A TURD IN YO SWALLOW A TURDS FACES! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Best Buy Discounts iPad Air 2 by $75, Offers Deals on iPhone 7 and iPhone SE Friday October 14, 2016 11:24 AM PDT by Juli Clover Best Buy is currently holding an Apple Shopping Event, offering significant discounts on a range of Apple products, including the iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad Air 2, and select Mac models. Best Buy's best deal is on the iPad Air 2, which is available at a $75 discount, dropping the price on the entry-level 32GB WiFi-only model from $400 to $325. The higher-capacity 128GB WiFi-only model is available for $425, down from $500. There are decent discounts on some Mac models, but now is not a good time to buy a Mac because updates are likely coming before the end of the year. The 27-inch iMac with 8GB RAM and a 1TB Fusion Drive is available for $1,899, a $100 discount. Apple is also selling two models of the MacBook Air at a $100 discount, dropping the price of the 128GB model to $900 and the 256GB model to $1,100. Deep discounts are available on some original Apple Watch models with Sport devices available at prices as low as $189 and stainless steel models available at prices as low as $249. Customers who purchase a 64GB iPhone SE on either Verizon or Sprint will pay the price for a 16GB device thanks to a $50 discount on a monthly installment plan. For AT&T customers, Best Buy is offering a $50 Best Buy gift card with the purchase of a 64GB iPhone SE. For the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, Best Buy is dropping the price by up to $300 with the trade-in of an eligible smartphone. For the entry-level 32GB iPhone 7, that drops the price from $649.99 to $349.99. Trade-in value for devices varies by model and condition. Best Buy is also offering a free $100 Best Buy gift card with the purchase and activation (with a monthly installment plan) of a 256GB iPhone 7 on either Verizon or Sprint. For more discounts on Apple products, accessories, and apps, make sure to check out our full deals roundup. Related Roundup: Apple Deals Tag: Best Buy 26 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Traverse 4 weeks ago Love my SE. I finally made it to an Apple Store today while I was waiting on a friend. I like the new matte black of the iPhone 7, but for some reason it felt huge and clumsy. It's a little ridiculous because I owned an iPhone 6 for 1.5 years, but after 4 months with my iPhone SE I feel like the 4.7" screen is awkward. Though I know I'd adjust if the iPhone 7S/8 is as revolution as the unrealistic rumors claim. ;) Rating: 7 Votes grassright 4 weeks ago trade-in now counts as a discount/price drop? Rating: 3 Votes og1 4 weeks ago Yes. If you give an iPhone 6s 128GB perfectly new you might get the $300 discount. Exactly. A 5S in excellent condition shows $87 for trade... guessing to get $300 you have to trade in a mint 6S+... nothing to see here Rating: 3 Votes asleep 4 weeks ago iPhone SE gets $50 more lovable. :cool: Rating: 2 Votes aajeevlin 4 weeks ago Honestly, I wasn't impressed with the 7. The home button felt artificial which was surprising since Force Touch has been so great on their other devices and the display model was incredibly laggy, but I don't fault the phone for that. [doublepost=1476474648][/doublepost] Depends on what you do. I heavily use the Pencil for drawing and writing. The True Tone display makes reading tremendously more pleasant in a subtle way. The speakers are finally powerful enough for casual listening as you work. So for me, it is extremely different than an iPad Air 2. I'm just having lot of little issues with the 7 that I have never experienced with the other upgrades in the past. So far I have: Service drop out including LTE and no GPS. Yesterday my speaker made a pop sound and after that I have no sound until I restarted the phone. That happened three times. I also noticed a few graphical issues. Display offset and all. Maybe I should have just stayed with the 6 or have switched to SE. Oh well, at least I'm not paying much for the new phone after trade in. I guess that's the only good news. Rating: 1 Votes aajeevlin 4 weeks ago Love my SE. I finally made it to an Apple Store today while I was waiting on a friend. I like the new matte black of the iPhone 7, but for some reason it felt huge and clumsy. It's a little ridiculous because I owned an iPhone 6 for 1.5 years, but after 4 months with my iPhone SE I feel like the 4.7" screen is awkward. Though I know I'd adjust if the iPhone 7S/8 is as revolution as the unrealistic rumors claim. ;) I got the 7 but I'm constantly thinking to go for the SE. IPhone 7 has been nothing but issue for me. I think is most software but it's annoying... Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers 2 days ago on Front Page After entering the "Preparing for Shipment" stage on Thursday, the first wave of MacBook Pros with Touch Bars have begun shipping to customers for delivery next week. While Apple is quoting... 212 comments Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays 2 days ago on Front Page A day after the first 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bars began preparing for shipment to customers, Apple and LG's UltraFine 4K Display has begun shipping. Shipments are expected to... 193 comments AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 3 days ago on Front Page AT&T today announced a new "Stream Saver" feature, which it says is a "free and convenient" data-saving option that allows customers to watch more video by downgrading video... 112 comments AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities 3 days ago on Front Page Ever since Apple delayed the launch of its all-new AirPods beyond the late October timeframe it originally promised, saying it needed "a little more time" before they are ready for customers,... 150 comments Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model 3 days ago on Front Page Apple will launch a trio of new iPad Pro models in March, including refreshed 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions and an all-new bezel-free 10.9-inch model, according to Barclays Research analysts Blayne... 205 comments Apple Said to Release Curved, Bezel-Free 5-Inch and 5.8-Inch iPhones Next Year 3 days ago on Front Page Apple will release new 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhones with curved, bezel-free designs next year, according to Barclays Research analysts Blayne Curtis, Christopher Hemmelgarn, Thomas O'Malley, and... 214 comments First Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Now Preparing for Shipment [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page The first 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro models equipped with a Touch Bar will soon be making it into the hands of customers, as initial MacBook Pro orders have shifted into the "Preparing for... 321 comments T-Rex, Hedgehog, Sandwich, Vampire and Zombie Among Emoji Proposed for 2017's Unicode 10 3 days ago on Front Page The Unicode Consortium today published the list of proposed emoji that could potentially be included in Unicode 10, set to be released in 2017, giving us a first glimpse at the emojis we might see... 172 comments • Apple Wins 'Gold' Customer Service Award From Twitter (36) • AirPods Will Launch Next Week Says European Reseller (180) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls For Unity in Memo to Staff Following Trump Victory (699) • Apple Debuts (PRODUCT)RED Solo3 Wireless Headphones and Beats Pill+ Speaker (104) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta for Public Beta Testers (62) • Apple Releases Updated Version of iOS 10.1.1 (103) • New MacBook Pro Has Already Outsold All Competing Laptops This Year (478)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Lorecrafting the Mikeyverse - The TouchArcade Show #281 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'RunGunJumpGun' Multiplayer Match-3 Game 'Chief Puzzle Officer' Begins Beta Testing November 15th 'The Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game' Coming to Mobile Next Year 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Getting Royal Rumble Mode AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
WKTV.com Where the news comes first. News Local State National Crime Business Education Elections Nano Utica Weather Current Conditions Alerts Complete Forecast Weather Blog Text Alerts Closings Sports High School College National Sports Sports Express Utica Comets Boilermaker Baseball Hall of Fame Community Announcements Back 2 Work Calendar Christmas Cards Contests Go The Distance Heart Run Walk Mug Club St. Patrick's Day Features Food & Dining Health & Fitness Home & Garden Movin' Mondays Newstalk Pets Deals Contact About Us Bios EEO History Kids TV Programming Work For Us Live Stream Home Local NewsTalk: Beth Irons' Apple Pumpkin Bread recipe NewsTalk: Beth Irons' Apple Pumpkin Bread recipe By WKTV Oct. 14, 2016 Tweet  Video  Photos DEERFIELD, N.Y. - Beth Irons of the Oneida County Public Market met with NewsTalk to discuss her Apple Pumpkin Bread recipe. APPLE PUMPKIN BREAD (NO YEAST) INGREDIENTS ½ cup vegetable oil ¼ cup whole milk 2 large eggs 1 honey crisp apple, cored and sliced into small chunks 1½ cups pumpkin puree **not pumpkin pie filling** ½ cup light brown sugar, lightly packed ¾ cup granulated sugar 2 and ½ teaspoons pumpkin pie spice* ¾ teaspoon salt 1¾ cup all-purpose flour ¾ teaspoon baking soda INSTRUCTIONS Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9x5 loaf pan with non-stick cooking spray or butter. Set aside. Place the vegetable oil, milk, and eggs together in a large mixing bowl and whisk together. Place the apple, pumpkin puree, light brown sugar, and granulated sugar into the mixing bowl and stir everything together. Place the pumpkin pie spice, salt, flour and baking soda into the mixing bowl and fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Pour the batter into the loaf pan and bake for 60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean with few crumbs. Cover with aluminum foil halfway through the keep the bread from browning too soon.   NOTES *You may use 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, and ¼ teaspoon ground cloves to substitute for pumpkin pie spice. Latest Trending News Related Stories Home News Weather Sports Community Contest Rules EEO FCC Public Inspection File Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Closed Captioning Contact WKTV About WKTV RSS WKTV 5936 Smith Hill Road Utica,NY 13502 315-793-3477 Copyright © 2016 Heartland Media, LLC | All rights reserved.
null
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC News 2016-11-13 Dennis Wallace: Sheriff’s Deputy Shot In Head Twice And killed “Execution Style”, Suspect In Custody Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Technology 2016-11-13 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Gaming 2016-11-13 Hitman Season 2: Io-Interactive Confirms Development At New Studio Gaming 2016-11-13 NES Classic Mini Edition Sold Out Almost Everywhere — Nintendo Promises More Consoles, But Scalpers Ruining It For Everyone BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple Helps Hurricane Matthew Victims Technology 1 0 0 October 10, 2016 Apple Helps Hurricane Matthew Victims Daryl Deino Apple is one of the most prolific companies in the world, and they have always been known for giving back. Mac Rumors reports on Apple’s latest good deed when it comes to Hurricane Matthew. “Apple today added a banner to its United States website, iTunes Store, and App Store asking customers to provide donations to individuals affected by the recent devastation from Hurricane Matthew. Like its usual relief efforts, all donations collected will go to the American Red Cross.” Apple has consistently donated money to many causes. [Image by Ken Ishi/Getty Images News] The article adds that the donation tiers available include ones at $5, $10, $25, $50, $100, and $200, and will be processed as normal iTunes or App Store purchases through a user’s Apple ID. Our thoughts are with all those affected by #HurricaneMatthew. Support relief efforts by donating to @RedCross at https://t.co/2b9MLALy4L — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) October 10, 2016 Many of the commenters after the article are very critical of the donations going to the Red Cross. “Except, your donations will not go directly towards the disaster, they go into a fund. And not all the money that comes in goes the that relief effort,” says Stevet. “The American Red Cross is a terrible place to give your money. Don’t give your donation to a wasteful middle man,” says MacJonny1. The bad news is, of course, that Hurricane Matthew actually happened and did substantial damage. The good news (or better news) is that the storm didn’t result in nearly as much damage and as many deaths as people thought it would. According to NBC News, the U.S. death toll from Hurricane Matthew is 19 people in four states. “At least eight people were killed in North Carolina and three were killed in South Carolina by Hurricane Matthew’s destructive forces, bringing the storm’s death toll to 19 across four Southeastern states, authorities said Sunday morning.” The article adds that hundreds of residents were rescued overnight following floods in North Carolina. There are more than two million businesses and homes still without power along the Southeastern seaboard. North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory has tried to warn residents that even though the storm had been downgraded and had moved past North Carolina, it would pose dangers for days to come. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gBVqONP5C-g?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> According to CNN, Matthew is no longer considered a hurricane, but it is still very dangerous. “Matthew, the deadly storm that’s spread misery from the Caribbean to the Carolinas, is no longer a hurricane. But even as it heads out to sea, the storm is causing serious problems for the southeastern United States,” writes columnist Doug Criss, who adds that some people in North Carolina have been rescued in dramatic helicopter operations. Some may remember that in 2012, Apple gave $2.5 million to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts and raised additional funds through iTunes. Tech Crunch was one of the sources that reported this in November of 2012. “Apple is donating $2.5 million to Hurricane Sandy relief…The lump sum donation is in addition to the company’s collection of monetary support from iTunes customers and Apple employees.” The article added that Apple iTunes donations surpassed far what was originally expected. Tim Cook frequently shared updates, noting that “Apple employees and customers all over the world have raised millions of dollars toward the relief effort so far” before adding that Apple could always do more. Apple also made an important gesture towards the LGBT community last June after the Orlando shootings at the Pulse LGBT nightclub. Tim Cook is openly gay, and one could see from the video that the event affected him personally. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LNq0l_ECPI0?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> No matter how much Apple has given in to marginalized groups and situations in terms of cash and vocal support, there are still some who believe Apple should do more. However, Apple has proven time and time again that their influence extends far beyond technology. [Featured Image by Brian Blanco/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple, Hurricane Matthew, Hurricane Sandy, LGBT Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: Shaquille O’Neal Hints Demarcus Cousins on Trading Block ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Stahl-Trump Interview: Up To Three Million Deportations, Special Prosecutor For Clinton Possible [Video] L.A. Rams Midseason Awards: Aaron Donald, Jeff Fisher, Jared Goff and More ‘Toriko: Gourmet Battle’ Manga Will Conclude By The End Of The Month — ‘Weekly Shonen Jump’ Reveals Final Chapters On November 21 Right After ‘Climax’ Lil Wayne Dances To Politically Upset Fans At Flog Gnaw After Race Incident 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Is Tyga On The Down Low? Mia Isabella Relationship Remains Unanswered NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.3k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 45.3k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 22.9k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.1k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8k 0 0 Recent Headlines David Blaine: Is ‘Beyond Magic’ Dark Magic? Watch Blaine Throw Up And Swallow A Live Frog [Video] 0 0 0 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] 0 0 0 George Soros: Billionaire Who Funded Black Lives Matter Protests Now Accused Of Bankrolling Anti-Trump Protests 2 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors 2016: Willie Cauley-Stein to Celtics, Terry Rozier And James Young to Kings 0 0 0 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones 11 0 0 Christian Dillard: Maryland Man Stabs Own Children After Sexually Assaulting Ex Girlfriend 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac This week’s top stories: Early MacBook Pro reviews, a possible AirPods release date, iOS 10.2 beta 2, iPhone 8 reports, & more First MacBook Pro with Touch Bar orders ship, deliver as soon as Monday Apple begins hiring staff for new Campus 2 ahead of move-in early next year 9to5Toys Last Call: Tivo Bolt 4K DVR $159, iPhone 7/Plus Cases from $3, DAS Mechanical Keyboard $140, more 1Password for macOS now supports Touch ID, Touch Bar on new MacBook Pros iPhone 8 design reportedly ‘bezel-less’ with 5-inch and 5.8-inch curved screens, AirPods production starting December Safari running under macOS Sierra hacked at PWNFEST, giving root access Tim Cook honors Veterans Day with photo of some of those employed by Apple, App Store promotes special collection Review: Snapchat Spectacles — early impressions of the social network’s first device Instagram confirms live video functionality coming, but isn’t saying when Bailout plan for Japan Display may give Apple a fourth supplier for OLED iPhones Spotify says fix on way for bug that can reduce SSD lifetimes by massive data writes AAPL and other tech stocks down on post-election fears of inflation, Trump policies 2 Awesome Mac bundles: $20 each, 60 apps, choose wisely! (PDF Expert, RapidWeaver, Crossover, more) Apple quietly releases new iBooks StoryTime app for fourth-gen Apple TV users [Gallery] MacRumors Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model Apple Said to Release Curved, Bezel-Free 5-Inch and 5.8-Inch iPhones Next Year First Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Now Preparing for Shipment [Updated] T-Rex, Hedgehog, Sandwich, Vampire and Zombie Among Emoji Proposed for 2017's Unicode 10 Apple Wins 'Gold' Customer Service Award From Twitter AirPods Will Launch Next Week Says European Reseller AppleInsider Review: Apple's Late-2016 MacBook Pro without Touch Bar First Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar orders shipped, arriving Monday This week on AI: Refurb iPhones, Powerbeats3, first Touch Bar MacBook Pros get ready to ship & more Watch: Apple's 2016 13" MacBook Pro without Touch Bar vs. 2015 13" MacBook Air AT&T to throttle streaming video quality by default in 2017 Apple ships first LG UltraFine 4K Display orders ahead of MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Craft sales platform Etsy adds support for Apple Pay on the web 1Password for Mac gets support for Touch Bar & Touch ID on new MacBook Pros iPad refresh rumored for March, featuring both iPad Pro models plus 10.9-inch size Purpose of Apple's 'Control Strip' trademark filing detailed in Touch Bar developer guidelines MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams Reaction to the ‘New’ 13-Inch MacBook Pro Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything in Between T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours iMac 5K vs Microsoft Surface Studio comparison review How to set up out of office in iOS 10 Best Mac security tips: 12 ultimate tips & tricks to improve Mac security New MacBook 2016 release date, price, specs rumours UK How to use Instagram on Mac Super Mario Run iPhone release date UK, price | How to get Mario on iPhone/iPad Apple keyboard with Touch Bar release date rumours Best Mac for musicians CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 11, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 108.43 (+0.64, +0.59%) | NASDAQ: 5237.11 (+28.32, +0.54%) Apple admits logging iMessage metadata and sharing it with law enforcement Thursday, September 29, 2016 · 5:33 pm · 26 Comments “Apple promises that your iMessage conversations are safe and out of reach from anyone other than you and your friends,” Sam Biddle reports for The Intercept. “But according to a document obtained by The Intercept, your blue-bubbled texts do leave behind a log of which phone numbers you are poised to contact and shares this (and other potentially sensitive metadata) with law enforcement when compelled by court order.” “Every time you type a number into your iPhone for a text conversation, the Messages app contacts Apple servers to determine whether to route a given message over the ubiquitous SMS system, represented in the app by those déclassé green text bubbles, or over Apple’s proprietary and more secure messaging network, represented by pleasant blue bubbles, according to the document,” Biddle reports. “Apple records each query in which your phone calls home to see who’s in the iMessage system and who’s not.” “This log also includes the date and time when you entered a number, along with your IP address — which could, contrary to a 2013 Apple claim that ‘we do not store data related to customers’ location,’ identify a customer’s location,” Biddle reports. “Apple is compelled to turn over such information via court orders for systems known as ‘pen registers’ or ‘trap and trace devices,’ orders that are not particularly onerous to obtain, requiring only that government lawyers represent they are ‘likely’ to obtain information whose ‘use is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation.’ Apple confirmed to The Intercept that it only retains these logs for a period of 30 days, though court orders of this kind can typically be extended in additional 30-day periods, meaning a series of monthlong log snapshots from Apple could be strung together by police to create a longer list of whose numbers someone has been entering.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Of course Apple needs that information in order for iMessage to function and would of course share that very limited information with authorities when compelled to do so via court order. To us, this “news” is unsurprising and expected. When law enforcement presents us with a valid subpoena or court order, we provide the requested information if it is in our possession. Because iMessage is encrypted end-to-end, we do not have access to the contents of those communications. In some cases, we are able to provide data from server logs that are generated from customers accessing certain apps on their devices. We work closely with law enforcement to help them understand what we can provide and make clear these query logs don’t contain the contents of conversations or prove that any communication actually took place. — Apple Inc.’s statement to The Intercept Categories: News Tags: Apple, iMessage, law enforcement, legal, Messages, server logs Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 2 Comments « Previous 1 2 roguedog Friday, September 30, 2016 - 8:12 am · Reply Yes. That’s exactly what I read too. The content of your messages are private. The number you call has always been available and regularly listed on your phone bill. Ralph Dewinter Friday, October 14, 2016 - 1:35 pm · Reply I was very pleased to find this web-site.I wanted to thanks for your time for this wonderful read!! I am enjoying every little bit of it, and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post. « Previous 1 2 Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro (non-Touch Bar) is the new MacBook Air and should be judged as such Video: Apple’s 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro (non-Touch Bar) vs. 2015 13-inch MacBook Air Apple’s reality distortion field made USB-C cool Morgan Stanley: Apple stands to benefit the most from President Trump’s corporate tax plans Analyst: Apple’s iPhone 8 to feature larger, curved, bezel-free display Apple patching Safari flaw revealed at PWNFEST Apple to launch 3 new iPads in March, including bezel-free 10.9-inch model, analysts say Dumb-ass thief steals a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and immediately regrets it At least 10 million have dumped Android for an Apple iPhone What’s the Mac means to Apple MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,426 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Xcode - Apple App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl File Helper - PCVARK Software  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Logic Pro X - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Final Cut Pro - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc XFINITY TV - Comcast Pinterest - Pinterest  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake Hallelujah - Pentatonix  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. Traveller - Chris Stapleton The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Contact - Robert Zemeckis Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows The Cell - The Walking Dead The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy The Interrogation - Designated Survivor Dr. Adrian Shaw (#98): Conclusion - The Blacklist Grab It! - Modern Family An Eternity of Misery - The Vampire Diaries No More Blood - How to Get Away with Murder The Brain Bowl Incubation - The Big Bang Theory The Well - The Walking Dead Chapter 9 - American Horror Story  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer The Art of War (Unabridged) - Sun Tzu News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Learning To Embrace Mistakes As A Musician | Main | Dylan Spotify Streams Jump 512% After Nobel Announcement » Can Old School Label Talent Transition To Digital? [Jon Maples] An increasing number of old school label executives are jumping ship as they move to new digital platforms.  But the question is being raised as to how smooth the transition will be and to whether established artists and their relationships with these execs will survive the move. __________________________________ By digital music industry veteran and consultant Jon Maples Old-school record executives seem to be joining new-school digital music companies in increased intensity.  In the past few years WMG’s Stephen Bryan (Soundcloud), Interscope’s Jimmy Iovine (Apple), UMG’s Amanda Marks (Apple), super-manager Troy Carter (Spotify) have all been wooed to some of the most prestigious companies.  Last week, the big kahuna Lyor Cohen, former CEO of WMG and founder of Def Jam, joined YouTube as head of music for the company. And  it isn’t some honorary title, where he deals with artist and industry relations. He’s running the whole thing! What’s going on here? Obviously these companies all know they need to beef up their ranks with people who know the ins and outs of the music business. After all, a good relationship with your content supplier is extremely important. But it’s only one factor in building a successful music company. There are other essential skills that being a good label executive doesn’t necessarily provide the appropriate experience. Lyor Cohen knows all about how to rub elbows with artists like Elvis Costello and Diana Krall, but how will that rub off on YouTube? First let’s get something straight. All these label execs are eminently talented. You don’t get to the top of  label orgs without a herculean work ethic, serious business chops, and massive brain power. But getting to that level doesn’t  necessarily mean you can run other complex companies. After all, CBS Records’ Svengali Walter Yetnikoff might have built the company into a powerhouse, but it doesn’t mean he was qualified to do Russ Solomon’s job at Tower Records. Record companies do many things; but at its core is scouting, locating, and developing talented artists. It’s a tough job we discount too often. You have to have a great understanding of art and a finely tuned ear to what people will respond to. But digital music companies have different needs: product development, technical acumen, and a keen understanding of what users will find compelling enough to open their pocketbooks. You also must know how to lead tech teams and understand how people use and adopt new products. While there obviously is some overlap between these two diverse core skills, there’s a lot that doesn’t fit. We’ve seen this manifest when companies try to move into the other’s turf. Labels time and time again have failed at direct to consumer offerings. The efforts have gotten considerably more ham fisted as technology has played a larger role in the  industry. From its inability to secure files on CD and all the way up to the ridiculous Now! subscription service that rolled out just last week, nearly every label’s tech initiative  or direct-to-consumer offering has underperformed or been an outright disaster (Pressplay, anyone?). Likewise, digital music services struggle with artist relations, leading  to wary feelings between artists and digital services, or straight-up hostility. DNA Mismatch Both labels and digital services struggle to meld because they’re so different. At their essence, labels are about artists. Everything is built around finding and developing great artists. Talent is also the core talent of most senior execs at labels. Sure, there are probably great dealmakers, technologists, and marketing whizzes working at UMG, but ultimately, it all serves the artist. Meanwhile the digital services are all about the customer. And yes, artists are vital for services, but if push comes to shove, product development, not artist development, wins. So when labels end up going directly to consumers, they’re on unfamiliar turf. Likewise, when Tim Westergren says something that sounds awfully stilted to the artist community, it’s because he’s not capable of fully serving both sides. Ultimately, he must side with his listener. You can bring in label talent to the music services to help co-mingle the two sides. But it won’t change the DNA of the company. Free Advice Look, I’m not telling you that digital music services are the model of how to build the modern company. Spotify isn’t Jack Welch’s GE or even Reed Hastings elite-level Netflix.  There’s a tendency to rely too much on technical solutions and not enough focus on customer problems, which leads to a functional–but not a very warm–product. So if I were to give advice to say, a new executive at, say, the world’s largest free music listening service, I’d suggest following a few axioms about how to build his or her new team. Empower Product Leaders Too often we end up hiring product development professionals but don’t empower them to make decisions. Product is the core of what these companies do and to fully take advantage of this, you need great product talent in leadership positions. When you don’t own the content, you have to win on product, full stop. And yeah, I’m a product guy, so I’m biased. But I’ve seen what happens when you don’t prioritize the right talent in the right roles, and it’s not pretty. Practice Design Thinking Although tech products are much better today than even five years ago, we have a long way to go in building out thoughtfully designed products. You can tell a massive difference in Spotify versus a company where design is front and center like Airbnb. If you start with design solutions, rather than technology ones, it will resonate a lot more with your users. Cool tech is just that. Cool. Solve problems first and foremost, my friends. Different Analytics For Different Goals Labels have invested in analytics teams in varying levels. Most of these  efforts– including UMG’s exceptional data analytics team and Lyor’s start-up The 300– used data to identify artists that will perform best, which is just an evolution of what labels always have done. Spotify and YouTube have both invested heavily in solutions to solve ‘what to play next.’ While YouTube’s recommendation products are good, they don’t have the sheen of Spotify’s Release Radar, Daily Mix, and Discover Weekly, perhaps the best of all the technology centric recommendations. The lesson here: using data science and machine learning to create superior user experiences is the foundation of any successful digital music product. Market Like A Retailer If there’s been one element missing from most services, it’s figuring out how to sell them to mass audiences. At its core, the pitch seems to be “Hey, you like music. Well we’ve got lots of music. Come get some!” Okay then! The services need to get better. While it’s clear that music services are differentthan retail, the attention to detail and stronger relevance to the customer’s life would help the services define a) what they are and b) who they are for. Without that kind of definition, mass consumers will continue to pass. None of this stuff is surprising. Let’s just file it under ‘doing the basics really well.’ But the labels, and the people who built their careers with them, still seem like they are steeped in another era. Digital is different, and building an elite team that can navigate this competitive market requires a different skill set. A phenomenal product team is today’s A&R. Invest wisely. Related articles Another Senior Digital Exec Exits Universal Music Jay Z Raps Direct Attack On Spotify, Apple, YouTube: "niggers die for equal pay right?" [VIDEO] Apple Music To Stream At 20% Below Industry Standard 320kps Apple washes out rumours of a Tidal buyout - CNET Pandora rolls out $4.99 premium service, Apple isn't buying TIDAL Apple's Jimmy Iovine kills Tidal acquisition rumours Posted by Guest Post on 10/14/2016 in Major Labels, Music Business, Music Tech, Streaming & Cloud | Permalink Comments Can Old School Label Talent Transition To Digital? [Jon Maples] An increasing number of old school label executives are jumping ship as they move to new digital platforms.  But the question is being raised as to how smooth the transition will be and to whether established artists and their relationships with these execs will survive the move. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrassing” Deal He Made With Madonna • Drake Redefines What Hit Album Is with 3B Spotify Streams • Best Music Biz Quotes • Band Files $30M Suit vs. Motley Crue After Paying $1M To Be Opening Act • Facebook: Musician's Friend Or A Massive Infringer? Recent Posts This Week In Music Commentary Getting It Done: The Week In D.I.Y. and Indie Music Music Think Tank Weekly Recap: Contributors • The Internet Hates Your Band • Optimize Your Website • More REWIND: The New Music Industry’s Week In Review TOP POSTS: This Week's Most Read Posts On Hypebot Country's Cowboys: Where Have They All Gone? Spotify Is Dumping Huge Amounts Of Junk Data On Your Hard Drive, Fix Promised Why Would A Big Arms Dealer Want A Piece Of Pandora? Facebook: Finally Ready To Be A Media Company? Stanaj, Drake’s Maybe BFF, Makes His Debut Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Serge on Spotify Is Dumping Huge Amounts Of Junk Data On Your Hard Drive, Fix Promised Tim on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Roger Bixley on THU. BRIEF: Streams Drive UMG Growth • Copyright Battle Looms • HologramUSA • Starset Soars • More Peter H on Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrasing” Deal Made with Madonna Noah on 7 Habits Of Highly Ineffective Artists Richard Sorce on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Jimmy Stix on ASCAP Sues 10 Music Venues For Not Being Licensed To Play Music Su-Rmi Givens on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Robin on Enter The Realm of Live Coded Music Andrea Templon on Artist's Guide To Getting A Great Manager <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
null
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Watch Nike+ edition arrives October 28 – CNET Posted on October 14, 2016 by CNET One of the cooler variations on the new Apple Watch S2 we saw back in September was the Apple Watch Nike+ edition. That model has a unique strap and some built-in software features for runners, but had no firm release date, beyond sometime in October. Apple Watch Nike+ to launch on Oct. 28, Apple saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) That Nike-branded Apple Watch arrives October 28TechCrunch The runner-focused Apple Watch Nike+ launches on October 28Macworld Ars Technica -The Verge -Mac Rumors -AppAdvice all 24 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! The runner-focused Apple Watch Nike+ launches on October 28 – Macworld Posted on October 14, 2016 by Macworld No, we’re not running today, no matter what the Nike app suggests in the image above. But we now know when we will be. Apple quietly updated its Apple Watch Nike+ website to include an October 28 release date. The Apple Watch Series 2’s upgrades … Apple Watch Nike+ to launch on Oct. 28, Apple saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Watch Nike+ edition to arrive October 28CNET That Nike-branded Apple Watch arrives October 28TechCrunch Ars Technica -The Verge -Mac Rumors -AppAdvice all 25 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
NFL NBA CFB MLB Soccer UFC NHL WWE Golf NASCAR CBB More Trending Lab Lists Video Tickets Golden St Warriors Draymond Green's Defense of Kevin Durant Reveals a Hidden NBA Truth By Erik Malinowski , Golden State Warriors Lead Writer Oct 14, 2016 Share Tweet Next ARTICLE » Use your ← → (arrow) keys to browse more stories Noah Graham/Getty Images 174.0K Reads 340 Comments Ever since Kevin Durant announced July 4 that he was leaving the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Golden State Warriors—the same Warriors who had just knocked the Thunder out of the Western Conference Finals in seven games—the criticism has been constant and unyielding. From that day more than three months ago until now, past and present players have been coming out every couple of days to tsk-tsk Durant's decision: Charles Barkley, Reggie Miller, Damian Lillard, Markieff Morris and Tracy McGrady.  One salty remark after another. The popular storyline goes that Durant basically duped the people of Oklahoma City into thinking he was going to stay and then was peer-pressured into bolting for the allure of a team on the brink of greatness. And Draymond Green reached his breaking point Thursday afternoon. A day after Paul Pierce gave a SiriusXM interview in which he expanded on his memorable July 4 tweet and said, among other things, that today's players are not "as hungry or as competitive as my generation was," Green laid into Pierce after an afternoon practice in Denver: "Nobody complain when somebody leave Apple and go to Google," Green said, per Anthony Slater of the San Jose Mercury News. "Aren't they in competition with each other? Nobody talk junk about the CEO who leaves Apple and goes to Google. As a basketball player, you are the CEO of a business. You are a business. Kevin Durant is a big business. He is the CEO of that business. So him going to play basketball for a different team, the CEO decided to leave where he was at and go somewhere else. "But there's so many guys in this league that are so stupid they don't think like that. They don't think business wise. It happens every day in the world. But in basketball it's a problem. Aren't you competitive in your day job if you work for Apple? Don't you want to outdo Google? What's the difference on the basketball court. It's your day job. You want to do what's better for you." Durant, to his credit, has been as thoughtful and forthcoming during his transition to Bay Area life as anyone in his position could be expected to be, given the pressure he's under and the narrative that quickly coalesced in the wake of his decision.  So while Durant was clearly peeved earlier this week when comments he made during a Warriors panel discussion at Stanford were taken out of context—"Man, whatever I say is going to be twisted up," he said after practice Tuesday, "so I'm only just going to say how I feel from now on"—he's largely taken everything in stride as the season quickly approaches. But it's no accident that Green was the one to finally snap. He is the emotional leader of this Warriors team, a role that has served head coach Steve Kerr and the players to great benefit over the past two seasons. When Golden State is down by 10 or 12 at the half, it's Green who makes the locker room speech. He is the star on this team who will not hesitate to self-sacrifice for the good of another. Sometimes that emotion can manifest itself in an unfortunate (and painful) way, but this is who he is. He's been like this the second he stepped on an NBA court as a second-round pick feeling a mountain-size sleight. So after months of the Warriors' new star taking one public drubbing after another, from players who had never won a title (Barkley, Miller), never had to make a similar decision (Lillard, Morris) or were themselves the beneficiary of a manufactured superteam (Pierce), it was only natural that Green would so forcefully come to Durant's defense.  Noah Graham/Getty Images Thank goodness he did, because what Green said about today's NBA should be a model for how younger players control their own destiny. After an offseason that saw many such as Lillard, Memphis' Mike Conley and Washington's Bradley Beal sign contracts worth more than what almost every Hall of Famer made in his entire playing career, it's more important than ever that players recognize the power they possess with regard to their future employment. The emotional attachment still plays a role, yes, but the business aspect is now an integral and inescapable part of how players decide their respective futures.  Green's comparison of players to tech CEOs was perhaps correct in the sense of "branding" (ugh), but a more apt example centers on the engineers who are in such high demand at these companies. It's true that workers move all the time from Apple to Google to Facebook to Amazon and sometimes back around again to a previous company, and even all of that gets more complicated as you take non-compete clauses and other conditions into account. But Green's point is valid: Hiring managers and headhunters fight like hell to bring in the best coders and programmers, promising perks and a better quality of life to people with highly specialized skills that are hard to replicate or replace—kind of like elite basketball players. The other simple reality that so many critics seem to forget? Durant, as a free agent operating within the bounds of the collective bargaining agreement, was fully within his rights to choose his next employer. Teams, in turn, must do their duty to convince him of their merits. And yet, all the ire, especially from way over yonder in OKC, seemed focused on Durant (who made an informed decision) and not in the direction of general manager Sam Presti (who has cleverly portrayed Durant's departure as some kind of fait accompli) or team owner Clay Bennett or even Russell Westbrook (who did not attend the Thunder's sit-down meeting with Durant in the Hamptons) for letting him walk. The Warriors, let's remember, brought along not just Green but Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Andre Iguodala, in addition to several team executives. Durant, ultimately, made a many-layered decision. It was personal, moving to an environment that was unfamiliar and exciting. It was professional, considering the opportunities that awaited him in a new and larger market. It was competitive, since the chances of him winning a title with Golden State are exponentially higher than with OKC. Sure, Durant could've perhaps been more gracious in saying his final goodbye to the Thunder fans who cheered and loved him for so many years. But this was not a decision he made lightly, and there's been little public defense of his thought process—only a stream of knee-jerk vitriol from a variety of agenda-driven sources. Noah Graham/Getty Images I wager that the Warriors will be an even stronger bunch in the wake of Green's comments. Kerr is a coach who wants his players to be happy, and team ownership takes pride in cultivating a workplace that fosters open communication. In the Warriors' continuing hunt to build team chemistry with Durant, this episode may serve to solidify some long-term bonds. I can only imagine what the team group chat looks like at this very moment. The bottom line is that the Dubs figure to win a whole lot of games this season. It's no coincidence that Pierce's comments came just a week after Golden State annihilated the Clippers in their preseason home opener at Oracle Arena. As the losses pile up, the comments from opposing locker rooms may only get more bitter, but the Warriors have to expect that. They've seen a barrage of such talk for months and the season hasn't even begun. And it won't stop (Golden State hopes) until at least mid-June. There may yet be future opportunities for other Warriors to come to a teammate's defense, be that Durant or someone else, but Green did his job here. Especially after the events of last June's Finals, when Green's Game 5 suspension arguably cost the Warriors their best chance at repeating as champions, he has now reaffirmed his role on this team, as their best defender, both on and off the court. He's the guy who does what others won't do and says what others won't say.  In this case, it was exactly what Durant—and the Warriors—needed to hear.          Erik Malinowski is the Golden State Warriors lead writer for B/R. You can follow him on Twitter at @erikmal. Share Tweet 340 Comments Follow Golden State Warriors from B/R on Facebook Follow Golden State Warriors from B/R on Facebook and get the latest updates straight to your newsfeed! Team StreamTM Back-to-Back Defensive Stops Lead to Deep Three from Stephen... from Bleacher Report « Previous Next » Warriors Newsletter We'd like to send you the most entertaining Golden State Warriors articles, videos, and podcasts from around the web. Subscribe Now By signing up for our newsletter, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. Thanks for signing up. Subscribe to More Teams About Advertise Blog Contact Us Careers Community Guidelines Press Privacy Terms Of Use Tickets AdChoices Stay on your game Latest news, insights, and forecasts on your teams across leagues. Choose Teams»› Real-time news for your teams right on your mobile device. Download»› Copyright © 2016 Bleacher Report, Inc. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BleacherReport.com is part of Bleacher Report – Turner Sports Network, part of the Turner Sports and Entertainment Network. Certain photos copyright © 2016 Getty Images. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of Getty Images is strictly prohibited. AdChoices
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 14 AAPL: 117.63 0.65 9to5Toys Last Call: iPhone 7/Plus Cases $4.50, App Store 50% off Games Sale, Bluetooth Earbuds $10, more Trevor Daugherty - 1 month ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: The Best Console Game Releases for October: Mafia 3, Gears of War 4, Battlefield 1, Dark Souls 3 DLC and more Logitech’s popular K380 Multi-Device Bluetooth Keyboard (refurb) for $18 (Orig. $40) Leica’s new limited edition M-P Grip camera has a bright and bold design This Inateck USB Docking Station can connect to Hard Drives or SSDs for $35 (Reg. $41) PlayStation Flash Sale with digital tiles from $1: The Order 1886 $8, many more Green Deals: Snow Joe 18-inch 15A Electric Snow Blower $140 (Reg. $170), more FoodSaver Premium 2-in-1 Food Sealing System: $162 (Reg. $200+) Luvvitt iPhone 7/Plus cases/screen protectors (multiple colors/styles) from $4.50 Prime shipped (Reg. $13) Apple offers 50% off top tier games on the App Store: BADLANDS 2, Monument Valley, Sword & Sworcery & many more App Store Free App of the Week: Shadow Bug and its ninja action go free for the first time (Reg. $4) Smartphone Accessories: The Best Selling Aukey Bluetooth Sport Earbuds are only $10 Prime shipped (Reg. $20), more Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Air is an ideal everyday machine, save $249 on the 256GB model: $950 shipped (Reg. $1,199) Apple’s 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro 2.2GHz/16GB/256GB is back down to $1,600 shipped (Reg. $1,999) The Apple Award winning Threes! puzzler is now available for $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) The hand crafted puzzle-adventure game Lumino City for iOS is now matching its all-time low: $2 (Reg. $5) You can now download both Hitman & Lara Croft Go on iOS for just $1 ($10 value) Giveaway: Mophie’s new modular Hold Force lineup gives your iPhone 7 flexibility ($220 value) MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Today only, score two months of any Sling TV package for the price of one starting at $20 Games/Apps: FIFA 17 $40, DOOM $23, MGS V $18, iOS freebies, more The Toys R Us Great Big Book of Awesome leaked with deals on Star Wars, Drones, more Daily Deals: Viper Remote Start System $230, Samsung Galaxy Tab 32GB $130, more Amazon has a new selection of $1 HD digital movie rentals: The Nice Guys, Me Before You, more MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Target is clearing out Beats by Dre Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones at 50% off (Black or White): $100 shipped (Orig. $200) Apple AirPort Extreme 802.11ac Wireless Base Station (cert. refurb) drops to $100 at Best Buy (Orig. $199) Give your 42mm Apple Watch a new leather band for $14 Grab a one-year Sam’s Club Membership for $25 (Reg. $45) LEGO Ideas Doctor Who Building Kit: $53 (Reg. $65+), more OnePlus 2 64GB 4G LTE Smartphone $240 (Reg. $300) Synology Disk Station 4-Bay NAS: $336 (Reg. $500) Jaybird X2 Sport Bluetooth Headphones for $80 (Reg. $100) Amazon 2016 Holiday Toy List Bodum Pour Over Coffee Maker is now down at $17 6-pack Philips LED Light Bulbs $15 (Reg. $25), more Foam Workout Roller 18-inch option is only $7 JBL Synchros Chrome Edition Headphones $99 (Orig. $300) Control five outlets w/ Etekcity’s for $21.50, more $20 off Kidde smoke and carbon monoxide alarms Discounts on several GE Z-Wave products: In-Wall Outlet $32 (Orig. $40), more DSLR cameras in Canon’s refurb sale: Rebel T6i Kit $530, more ‘Power of your Subconscious Mind’ Kindle eBook $0.30 6-pack TaoTronics A19 60W LED Light Bulbs $13, more ‘Are You Afraid of the Dark’ Complete Series for $20 Pyrex food storage set doubles as bakeware for $13.50 $50 BLACK+DECKER 20V Lithium Drill and Project Kit KIND Granola Bars (15-pack, multiple flavors) $6.50 This AmazonBasics 10-piece cookware set: $22 (Orig. $60) Take your pick of Samsung 4K Smart Ultra HDTVs Add the Star Wars Six Movie Collection for $75 (Reg. $100) JBL Arena 120 2-Way Loudspeakers $82 (Reg. $135) AmazonBasics 17-Sheet Shredder $113 (Reg. $165) Here’s your list of $1 HD movie rentals for the week LEGO Star Wars Command Shuttle for $89 Score a free three-month membership to BJ’s Warehouse Score a BOGO free coupon at Chipotle by completing its latest video game Your choice of widescreen displays w/ HDMI inputs NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Mag-Lev Audio’s Levitating Turntable lets your vinyl float in the air as it plays Ding is the smart home doorbell for the design-conscious techie Samsung’s new smartphone-connected kitchen appliances aim to simplify your meals Cassia Hub turns your Bluetooth speakers into a SONOS-like whole home audio system The Beatles Yellow Submarine LEGO set comes with John, Paul, George and Ringo Minifigs The new Tile Mate tracker is 25% smaller and designed for the everyday things in life Western Digital takes the wraps off new portable hard drives with an updated design Netgear’s Arlo Pro wireless security camera has insane battery life and free cloud storage CuCu Clock is a modern day timepiece for your wall with smartphone-connectivity Roku and Hitachi pair up for three 4K Ultra HDTVs with the popular streaming platform built-in Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple Watch Nike+ edition to arrive October 28 This special sporty edition of the new Apple Watch is designed for runners. Apple Watch Nike+ edition to arrive October 28 0 Share: Wearable Tech by Dan Ackerman October 14, 2016 7:37 AM PDT @danackerman Up Next What a Trump presidency means for tech Tick, tock, Apple Watch: Google's new watches may land early 2017 As the Nike+ Apple Watch hits stores this month, a report says Google's new smartwatches are coming next year with the updated Android Wear 2.0 operating system. by Bridget Carey 1:17 Close Drag One of the cooler variations on the new Apple Watch S2 shown off in September was the Apple Watch Nike+ edition. That model has a unique strap and some built-in software features for runners, but had no firm release date beyond sometime in October. A check of Apple's website shows that a release date for this version has finally been posted. It's October 28. When first announced, CNET called out this model as a particularly interesting part of the Apple Watch S2 launch, saying: "Apple also announced a partnership with Nike for a special Apple Watch Nike+ edition that is designed for runners. It features an aluminum case and a funky silicon strap that makes the watch feel like a Nike FuelBand and Apple Watch had a little baby. There are some built-in Nike running features, but for the most part it's a normal Series 2 watch. The Nike+ model will be available for $369 in October." You can read more here about the Apple Watch S2, including the Nike+ version. Tick, tock, Apple Watch: Google's new watches may land early 2017 (CNET Update) Your browser does not support the audio element. Tags Apple CNET Update Wearable Tech Nike WatchOS Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 13 Get a sneak preview of iOS 10.2's best new features Nov 11 CNET UK podcast 505: Samsung apologises, Daydreaming is fun Nov 11 Your special gold iPhone with Trump portrait is already here Nov 10 Rumors point to a 'Jet White' iPhone 7 and 7 Plus All Apple Stories Related Stories You can buy Snapchat Spectacles today (if you're lucky) Google Daydream vs. Samsung Gear VR: Which VR ticket out of reality should you choose? Reminder: When it comes to heart-rate tracking, consumer fitness trackers are not medically accurate Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Apple Watch Nike+ edition to arrive October... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: What a Trump presidency means for tech CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Tablets/Gallery MobileTablets Apple untethers iPhones in Apple Store locations By Todd Haselton | October 14, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is putting a lot of trust into its customers hands. The company is stopping its practice of tethering iPhones to demo desks. The Regent Street store in London is the first Apple Store with untethered iPhones. MacRumors said Apple will do the same at its store in Toronto and at another in Yorkdale. Presumably, it will begin to untether iPhones in other locations, too. The thought, it seems, is that this will give consumers a richer demo experience while testing out a new iPhone. If it’s not strapped down to anything, consumers can use the phone like it was their own. Perhaps this will encourage sales. Why this matters: Tethering prevents theft of iPhones. Now that devices aren’t locked down, it’s possible for customers to walk out with a demo unit. Apple can use remote software to disable the devices if they’re stolen. Other products, such as MacBooks and iPads, are still on lockdown, MacRumors said. Source MacRumors Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Costs will Rise to 6 Billion and Airlines Rush to Adopt Fire-Containment Bags | Main | Apple's CEO Applauds Students who won a Chinese University App Contest with 'Tipix' Photo-Editing » October 14, 2016 Apple's CEO Meets with Japan's Prime Minister and Confirms their new R&D Facility will Open in December   Yesterday Patently Apple reported that Apple's CEO was the first customer to use Apple Pay to ride Japan's famous Yamanote Transit Line and that Tim Cook met with Nintendo executives in Kyoto. To round off Cook's business trip this week, he enjoyed a great meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and shared with the nation's leader how important Japan is to the future of Apple. Back in 2014 PM Abe announced that Apple would be building a world class R&D center in Yokohama.   Abe's top spokesperson Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press briefing held earlier today that Apple's CEO confirmed that Apple would complete its construction of a site in Yokohama, just outside of Tokyo, by December and that it would be used as a development facility.   Cook further stated that there were a number of manufacturers of all sizes here being keenly eyed by Apple as having great potential for working on future devices requiring components made in Japan.   Apple's R&D site was previously used by Japan's Panasonic Corp. and their new development plans are evidence the maker of the ubiquitous iPhone has plans connected to Japan that extend well beyond just end user sales, sources close to the matter said Friday.   Cook's visit to Japan comes on the heels of a visit to Shenzhen in China, where he announced Apple's plans to open a research and development facility there next year. Apple's CEO will leave Japan tomorrow.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus. -       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 14, 2016 at 10:18 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Apple MacBooks getting old but update should make faithful happy By Brooke Crothers Published October 14, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print File photo - Customers look at MacBook Pros, during the official opening of the largest Apple shop in southern Europe, at Passeig de Gracia in Barcelona July 28, 2012. The bottom image is a reflection on a glass surface. (REUTERS/Albert Gea) Apple’s MacBook line is in dire need of a refresh. But the update should satisfy the Mac faithful when it finally arrives. How dire has it become? "They should have done it a long time ago,” Ryan Smith, editor in chief of tech site Anandtech, told FoxNews.com in an email, referring to the MacBook Pro line. “Most models are full price yet years out of date, and that makes buying old models bad investments for consumers,” he added.   Which is what most product review sites have been telling readers for months. Laptopmag.com is just one example: “5 Reasons You'd Be a Fool to Buy a MacBook Now,” is the headline of an article that lists reason No.1 as: “The current MacBooks are extremely outdated.” Related: Is Samsung's loss a win for Apple and Google phones? Google takes aim at Apple and Samsung with Pixel phones iPhone 7 slammed as having 'worst' battery life compared to rivals The most decrepit of the aging MacBooks is the Pro line, which hasn’t seen a major redesign in almost five years. The tardiness of the updates is not just impacting consumers. “I'm hearing of developers considering abandoning the platform because it interferes with their [development] tools,” Roger Kay, president of Endpoint Technologies Associates, told FoxNews.com. MacBook Pro owners are particularly sensitive to performance, another area where Apple is falling behind. “A new MacBook Pro is very much needed to catch up on GPU [graphics processing unit] performance and efficiency,” Daniel Matte, an analyst at market research Canalys, told FoxNews.com. The 15-inch MacBook Pro needs a new Intel CPU chip too: it’s still saddled with an Intel processor that’s two generations behind the chipmaker’s newest “Kaby Lake” processors. When? The most pressing question is, of course, when will the new MacBooks arrive. "Production started in the second calendar quarter on refreshes of the 13.3-inch and 15.4-inch MacBook Pro [and] the 13.3-inch MacBook Air," Rhoda Alexander, director, tablet and notebook PCs at IHS Markit Technology, told FoxNews.com Alexander expects the new MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs to launch by the end of this month. That, however, doesn’t leave much time as we’re about halfway through October now. Lots of new features expected The refreshed MacBook Air line should include new USB-C connector technology (now found on the ultra-thin 12-inch MacBook), according to a report from Bloomberg in August. The redesigned MacBook Pro, meanwhile, will be thinner and have a flatter keyboard, Bloomberg said. The most widely cited (and speculated) MacBook Pro feature is a new-fangled, OLED display-based "dynamic" set of function keys that shows a virtual representation of the keys based on the task the user is doing. Other likely features for the MacBook Pros are the addition of USB-C ports and Touch ID fingerprint identity sensors, possibly next to the new function key display. Also, a new rumor – deemed “questionable” by MacRumors – cites a keyboard that uses an e-ink display underneath the keys that changes dynamically to fit the needs of the user. If the technology appears at all in MacBooks or in Mac keyboards it wouldn’t happen until later, possibly 2018. Questionable rumors aside, don’t hold your breath for Intel’s latest and greatest processor in the new MacBooks. "Given the timing of the start of production, inclusion of [Intel's] Kaby Lake chip appears unlikely," IHS Markit’s Alexander said, adding that it's possible that Apple opts for previous-generation Skylake chips. Canalys’ Daniel Matte adds that Apple is likely to include an option for AMD's latest "Polaris" graphics processors in the new MacBook Pros. Apple did not respond to a request for comment.  Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Google to label malicious sites as repeat offenders 2 Tech Q&A: Running a background check, avoiding cell phone contracts 3 Swedish man's eBay offer to marry anyone leaving US after Trump win is removed 4 Keeping your secrets safe on Amazon, Google, Facebook and Netflix 5 Facebook glitch made it appear some users had died See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple Stores begin removing security tethers from display iPhones By Christian Zibreg, Oct 14, 2016 Tweet 16 Comments Apple continues perfecting retail experience for its customers as CNET reports today that some Apple Stores have begun to remove or have already removed security tethers from iPhone display models. Last year, Apple relegated iPods to side shelves and removed iPad smart signage. According to CNET, Apple’s flagship London Regent Street store re-opening this Saturday will feature Apple’s next-generation store design and no iPhone security tethers. Apple told CNET that it wants to let customers hold display iPhones properly in their hands, try cases on them and even see how the handsets feel in their pocket. What about security, though? Wouldn’t this lax security measure encourage thieves to steal display iPhones? Well, CNET says they couldn’t spot a single CCTV camera in the store (maybe they’re not immediately visible to the naked eye?), but cautions that any iPhone taken out of the store will set off an alarm. And of course, if not returned, Apple’s Activation Lock and Find My iPhone features will render any stolen phones unusable. Apple Regent Street will re-open this Saturday after more than a year of refurbishment. The Cupertino firm yesterday previewed the store for the press and you can see the images of it in Apple Newsroom. It’s unclear if Apple will also remove iPhone security tethers from other Apple Stores, but it’s fairly safe to assume that this change will eventually roll out to all of the company-run retail stores around the world. For what it’s worth, MacRumors notes that the company over the past few months has removed security tethers from iPhone display models at its Yorkdale store in Toronto and in one of its other stores in Canada. As evidenced by the image above, iPhone display models in Apple’s store in Toronto are now docked with only Lightning charging cables rather than being tethered to the table. “MacRumors has learned of at least two other stores in the United Kingdom where the security tethers, which activate audible alarms when disconnected, have been removed, and it appears likely the change will be phased in at other locations,” says the publication, so there’s that. Source: CNET Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple’s upcoming World Trade Center store to open next Tuesday Apple confirms a new retail store opening at World Trade Center later this year Apple announces first Brooklyn store will be opening doors to customers on July 30 Job listings suggest Apple’s first retail store in Brooklyn could open for business this year Related Topics Apple Store, iPhone, News, Retail, Store n0ahcruz3 Better run like bolt! Lol sell the device on craigslist Mike M. Powell “Device locked iPhone 7+ Dev / Apple Store Locked $1000” lol Tony There’s a security measure I’m sure they built into their beacon technology that is within every Apple Store. Someone tries to leave with their device, they are alerted and or the device itself changes to demo mode/locks. But for the most part it’s extremely low risk and allows people to actually “try” their devices prior to buying. Essentially the person could buy a phone, go home and buy a case online but without really knowing anything about it.. now with the try before you buy.. you can try a case and make sure it’s exactly what you want. Apple makes extra on accessories too. Riley Freeman people buy cases from apple? $50 for a case is insane Tony Yes people buy cases from Apple. Mr.Coolfreak now people will just grab iPhone from one part of store, and leave it some where else- where they might get dropped and break. and people will goto iPhone section and may not see the model they want to look at. bad idea Jamessmooth I actually think this is a good idea. They’re not just going to unteather these things without having thought of security precautions. Riley Freeman i saw this at yorkdale when i was there buying the beats solo3. I was surprised but makes sense if they have other security measures. Trying cases on is silly if you ask me. PhoneTechJay So is trying on shoes.. not. Y2J What about when someone drops it and it breaks because you know that’s gonna happen sooner or later Jack Wong Seem that in NY Soho store few weeks ago, this is very cool!!! You can put that in your pocket and see how that feel!!! I wonder if they have a security guard to monitor all the monitors for the store and all the iOS devices in a different temperature color. Or… a mini security chip inside the phone… it would alert if someone take it out of the store. Tommy I’ve had an iPhone in my pocket for the past 7 years now. I’m so cool!!! rockdude094 Microsoft has been doing this for age… but again it’s like stealing a manual car smtp25 No, do tell? Like stealing a manual car? rockdude094 Lol it was a joke. windows phone is very different from Android and IOS is what I meant eigenlaut weird – hardware in the two hamburg apple stores in germany never have been on tethers as far as i can remember   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Home/ Features/ The Laptop Kings: Microsoft and Partners Work to Build Tomorrow's PCs The Laptop Kings: Microsoft and Partners Work to Build Tomorrow's PCs By Juan Martinez October 10, 2016 10 Comments Microsoft and its original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) Acer, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, and Lenovo are in lockstep as they attempt to define the next era of personal computing. Is it possible to build the perfect laptop? This is one of the questions that ran through the mind of Mike Nash, ‎Vice President of Customer Experience and Portfolio Strategy at Hewlett-Packard. In 2015, he invited a handful of his former Microsoft coworkers to dinner at a Thai restaurant in Redmond, Washington. Nash was intent on using information from HP's customer surveys to solve as many laptop usability problems as hardware and software tweaks would allow. With the launch of Microsoft's Windows 10 on the horizon, and with Apple gaining PC market share, this was the perfect time to open the floor to an entire laptop rethink. HP had just been knocked out of the top spot (after a six-year reign) by rival Lenovo. The time for innovation had come. "We spent all of our time looking at what made a detractor a detractor," Nash said. "It was things like Wi-Fi, battery life, the touchpad, and how fast is the system. We looked over every crazy detail about how to build a better computer. We sat down and made all the hard trade-offs in hardware versus software." The conversations between Microsoft and HP started as a weekly, hour-long meeting on Friday afternoons. After a few weeks, they spanned the entirety of Friday afternoon. "After a while," Nash joked, "you couldn't tell who was working at Microsoft and who was working at HP if they were on the phone." After 14 months of dialogue, HP and Microsoft had partnered to create the HP Spectre x360, a premium convertible ultrabook that, based off its aluminum chassis, slim design, and full-size metal keyboard, was clearly designed to one-up the Apple MacBook Air. In addition to winning an Editors' Choice nomination from PCMag, the laptop was heralded by other publications as "powerful," "sexy," and "almost perfect." The Thanksgiving Dinner The conversations and subsequent partnership between HP and Microsoft proved that Apple wasn't the only laptop manufacturer that was capable of delivering style and performance. The collaboration between HP and Microsoft continues today. Of course, Microsoft's relationship with its original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) hasn't always been Thai restaurants and Editors' Choice laptops. Microsoft (the software manufacturer) and the OEMs (the hardware manufacturers) have had a turbulent, albeit fruitful relationship. In fact, less than a year after the Spectre x360 hit the market, Microsoft, in a bold and unpredictable move, unveiled its very own convertible laptop: the extraordinary Microsoft Surface Book. Also chosen for an Editors' Choice award, and the darling of the technology review industry, the Surface Book was Microsoft's first foray into laptop hardware; it was a gorgeous, long-lasting, business-ready device capable of competing with the Apple MacBook Pro. Laptop junkies loved the Surface Book, Microsoft's OEM partners didn't. "We're not happy about that," said Marius Haas, President of Enterprise Solutions at Dell, at the time in response to a question about Microsoft's decision to enter into the already-competitive space of its OEM partners. Dion Weisler, now the CEO of HP Inc., agreed. "That was a good answer," Weisler remarked. The frustration was reasonable: The OEMs were struggling to hold their ground in a market that had been contracting since its peak (from 2008 to 2012) when manufacturers had collectively sold as many as 352 million PCs in one year according to Gartner Research. By 2015, that number had decreased to 288.7 million—and Apple's influence was intensifying. Microsoft entering the field with a device as stunning as the Surface Book could only seemingly hurt Microsoft's partners. "Microsoft and our OEM partners are like your family at Thanksgiving Dinner," Peter Han, Vice President of OEM Worldwide Marketing at Microsoft, told PCMag. "But at the end of the day, we're family. We've been together for decades and we expect to be together for a lifetime. It's hard, close, honest work together, with conversation." Han and Microsoft don't buy the notion that Microsoft's entrance into laptop manufacturing will hurt its OEM partners. In fact, through extensive collaboration, a diversified portfolio, and consistent innovation, Han said he thinks a rising tide will float all (but Apple's) boats. "We know the PC market had some issues over the last number of years but we're seeing some life in it," Han said. "We're focused on the growth niches: two-in-ones, all-in-ones, and gaming…Windows has always been the big tent computing platform. We're all about openness, innovation, and diversity. We serve up computers to people of all different tastes and walks of life. There's literally thousands of OEMs who build Windows devices. We fully understand that computers are moving more into other aspects of peoples' lives—the car, the coffee shop, the airport. We're thankful for the partners that help us serve. We don't want to get locked into a narrow definition." Today, there are more than 1,500 new Microsoft- and OEM-built Windows 10 devices on the market. Some of these niche devices include the Lenovo ThinkCentre X1, an all-in-one PC that can serve as the centerpiece for any stylish office space; the HP Elite x3, a Windows smartphone that's expandable up to 2 TB and catered toward business users; the Acer Spin 7 2-in-1, the thinnest convertible on the market; and the Acer Predator 21 X, a gaming laptop that is the first laptop of any kind to boast a 21-inch curved screen. Not mentioned here are the many computing sticks, ruggedized laptops, and mobile workstations loaded with mobile device management (MDM) and malware solutions. The Next Breed Perhaps no other OEM device deserves to bear the Windows 10 flag more than the Dell XPS 13. The XPS 13 is PCMag's recommendation for high-end desktop-replacements suitable for professional photo and video work. When fully loaded, it can feature a QHD+ (3200x1800) resolution touchscreen, an Intel Core i7-6560U processor, an Intel Iris 540 graphics card, 1 TB of storage, and 16 GB of RAM. Perhaps more importantly, the Dell XPS 13 introduced the market to the "InfinityEdge" display, which enabled Dell to cram the screen size you'd typically find on a 13-inch device into an 11-inch frame. The design provides the illusion of a borderless screen that extends from corner to corner and side to side. The XPS 13 has been heralded as one of the best laptops on the market, not only by PCMag (which selected the laptop as an Editors' Choice winner) but by virtually every other technology media outlet as well. Today, Dell is working on building a convertible version of the Dell XPS 13. The tricky part about designing a convertible with an edge-to-edge display is that, when the device is used as a tablet, the edges and corners of the screen are typically the locations where users hold the device. Without some sort of tablet-mode software solution for this issue, users will accidentally click on links and buttons at the edges of the screen. This is where a partnership between Dell and Microsoft would become a collaborative, mutually beneficial effort. Dell wants its hardware to be revolutionary. Microsoft wants its Windows 10 software to enable revolutionary, diverse, and mobile experiences. How The Relationships Work Each of the OEMs with whom I spoke schedule regular calls and face-to-face meetings with Microsoft to coordinate hardware and software needs. For the typical laptop, conversations start 12-18 months prior to its launch date. These conversations range from daily phone calls between the Windows team and OEMs when major software updates are being delivered, to quarterly executive meetings during which the top five executives at Microsoft fly to the OEM's headquarters (or welcome the OEMs to Redmond). "The [laptop creation] process is years in the making," said Han. "We're working on holiday 2017 as we speak. The devices we will bring to market started on the drawing board last year in 2015." Acer, Dell, HP, and Lenovo each told PCMag they are committed to delivering the following devices and features for CES 2017 and beyond: augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), and Pen support for digital inking. In other words, the experiences Apple has yet to offer on its own desktops and laptops. The OEM partnerships grew out of a need to collectively weather a steadily contracting market while fending off a formidable and ever-advancing competitor. For Microsoft and its OEMs, it's about staying one step ahead of Apple and the consumer and business markets. This means open collaboration on avant-garde design and technological innovation but even more importantly: this means a constant give-and-take between what the software is capable of doing and what the hardware needs it to do. "In the course of a long relationship, there's always a back and forth dialogue," said Han. "Life is about trade-off and choices." Back to top Previous : The Convo: PCMag Chats Up the World's Most Interesting Geeks... By Juan Martinez Juan Martinez is PCMag's Senior Editor, Business. His work has been featured in the following print and digital magazines: Esquire.com, Publishers Weekly, ClickZ, ZDNet, TechRepublic, TechRadar, Content Marketing Institute, CRM Magazine and Direct Marketing News. He has a master's degree in creative writing from Columbia University and a bachelor's degree from Bard College. Prior to PCMag, Juan was the Senior Editor of TechRadar Pro, and a Technology Editor at CBS Interactive. He can be reached at juan_martinez@pcmag.com. Follow Juan on Twitter at @jrobertmartinez.... More » More Stories by Juan Industry Insight: What Social Media's Future Means for Business We talk with Synthesio's CEO on the rapid changes happening in the social media landscape and what t... More » Jail Tech: Phones, Tablets, and Software Behind Bars The prison system has been notoriously slow to adopt new technology. That needs to change. More » Make Sure Your eLearning Authoring Tool Has These Five Video Features Video creation should become a part of your course creation repertoire. Make sure your system can pe... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About IPHONE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago iPhone iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost Outside, the iPhone 7 is indistinguishable from previous models, inside it's a powerful, efficient machine By Victoria Woollaston 17 Oct 2016 By Victoria Woollaston Monday 17 October 2016 Wired Great battery life, powerful and efficient Tired Remarkably similar to previous models, lack of headphone jack is inconvenient Price £599 7 / 10 During Apple’s iPhone 7 launch, Phil Schiller explicitly listed 10 ways in which the latest handsets are improvements on their predecessors. He laboured on the improved camera, extra power, the better battery life and the ‘courageous’ decision to remove the headphone jack. He didn’t, however, mention that the dimensions are identical to the iPhone 6S; you can’t charge your phone while listening to music and the brand new software isn’t unique – almost everyone can download iOS 10 for their older models. ADVERTISEMENT Not to mention that the 10 new features will end up costing customers an eye-watering £1,000 for the high-end Plus model if they want to upgrade. So has Apple pushed its fans too far, or are the phones worthy of your money? WIRED Read more iPhone sales drop sees Apple's revenues fall for the first time since 2001 iPhone sales drop sees Apple's revenues fall for the first time since 2001 By Matt Burgess Design The iPhone 7 is the most similar of the two handsets to its predecessor. The dimensions are identical but the iPhone 7 is lighter than the 6S – 138g versus 143g. The iPhone 6, by comparison, is thinner and lighter than both at 6.9mm (compared to 7.1mm) and 129g. Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7 have 12MP rear-facing cameras but the iPhone 7's front-facing camera has been upgraded from a 5MP to a 7MP sensor. The antenna strip has been moved to the top on the iPhone 7 and, of course, the headphone jack has been removed; leaving the Lightning port, and adding stereo speakers. The speakers are a welcomed addition, borrowing from the likes of HTC, and it’s a noticeable improvement when listening to music or watching videos without headphones. The lack of a headphone jack, on the other hand, is inconvenient to say the least. Aside from Apple’s comment about the decision being ‘courageous’, the firm stresses it made the change because listening to music through the Lightning port improves the quality. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Apple files lawsuit against fake chargers on Amazon. Here's how to check yours is genuine Apple files lawsuit against fake chargers on Amazon. Here's how to check yours is genuine By Amelia Heathman WIRED It does, but it’s marginal. Plus, this marginal improvement doesn’t counter for the fact that you have to carry around an adapter at all times, this adapter adds a significant bulk to the headphones when plugged in, and you can’t listen to music and charge your phone at the same time. It is unlikely you’ll be wanting to do the latter that often, but that doesn’t excuse the fact. With the headphone jack removed, there is more room for a larger battery (1960mAh up from the iPhone 6S' 1715 mAh battery) – a much-needed improvement – and the taptic engine, less needed. This taptic engine means the traditional home button is replaced by a touch sensor that responds with a vibration when you press it. This takes a little getting used to, but once you’ve adjusted to it, it’s strange going back to using a button, and the taptic response is missed. A subtle shift in behaviour which Apple excels at. ADVERTISEMENT Read more iPhone 7 Plus review: brilliant battery life is almost worth the money alone iPhone 7 Plus review: brilliant battery life is almost worth the money alone 8/10 By Victoria Woollaston This taptic engine also ‘clicks’ when you set an alarm, and vibrates when playing games. It feels similar to using a PS4 or Xbox controller but its a lot more subtle and nuanced. It’s a nice touch when using certain apps, but is little more than that. WIRED Elsewhere, the iPhone 7 offers IP67 water resistance. On paper, this isn’t as resistant as Samsung’s handsets – and Apple notes it's resistant, not waterproof – but tests have shown the iPhone 7 range can hold its own when submerged, and as a result may perform better than Apple has suggested. For existing iPhone owners, this is welcomed but for non-Apple users, it’s another feature that is playing catch-up. Apple has ditched space grey for the iPhone 7 and introduced matte black and jet black. The former adds a real sophistication to the device and we were surprised how much a simple colour can add to our opinion of a handset. The latter, conversely, seems like a good idea but scratches easily and makes the phone too slippery for our clumsy hands. Read more The top iOS 10 apps for keeping your data safe and secure The top iOS 10 apps for keeping your data safe and secure By Amelia Heathman The iPhone 7 is also available in silver, gold and rose gold. Prices start at £599 for 32GB, up to £699 for 128GB and £799 for 256GB. The phones are available across Europe, America and Canada. From October 20 they will go on sale in Egypt and Israel, Korea, Colombia, Maurice, Madagascar, Maroc Uganda and Thailand on October 21, and then Senegal and Moldova on October 28. Display Apple claims the 4.7-inch display on the iPhone 7 is 25 per cent brighter than previous models and comes with a so-called P3 colour gamut which makes colours appear richer. Both claims are accurate. Photos, graphics and games look great on the display. Not quite as bright and rich as on the OnePlus 3, but a noticeable improvement on previous iPhones. The iPhone 7 has the now-standard Retina HD display giving it a PPI of 326; the same as the iPhone 6S and 6. Elsewhere, more apps are embracing Apple’s 3D Touch and this feature feels more natural once you’re used to using the pressure-sensitive sensor home button. We’ve found ourselves gradually using 3D Touch for Citymapper, for example, or when posting to Instagram. The display on the iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus are both more responsive too. 3D Touch is not a feature we love, nor do we dislike it. Our only criticism is that we quite often enable 3D Touch actions when trying to copy a link or move an app and we’re still not used to the level of pressures needed for both. Read more Apple fixes headphone bug with release of iOS 10.0.2 Apple fixes headphone bug with release of iOS 10.0.2 By Matt Burgess Cameras WIRED Apple made a lot of the improved camera on the iPhone 6S and it has done similar with the iPhone 7. The smaller of the two new models has the same 12MP sensor on the rear but it has an aperture of f/1.8 and a new six-element lens. Apple has also added optical image stabilisation to the iPhone 7, along with body detection, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, and wide colour capture. iPhone 7 Plus review: brilliant battery life is almost worth the money alone iPhone 7 Plus review: brilliant battery life is almost worth the money alone iPhone 18 Oct 2016 The front-facing camera has gone from a 5MP to 7MP, and also comes with body detection, wide colour capture and auto-image stabilisation. Elsewhere, it has Retina Flash, the front-facing camera records in 1080p, while the rear can handle 4K. Read more The six best apps on iOS 10's Message App Store The six best apps on iOS 10's Message App Store By Matt Burgess By comparison, the iPhone 6 has an 8MP rear-facing camera, a 1.2MP on the front, both with an aperture of f/2.2 and no front flash or 4K. The photos used as examples in Apple’s demos are staggering, yet we struggled to get anywhere near that quality. Granted we’re not professional photographers but the difference was stark. Portraits are sharp and detailed, colours are vibrant but far from how vibrant they appear in real-life and the controls are still basic. Apple said it didn’t want to overwhelm users with too many controls and the majority of the upgrades are done automatically, but we were far from blown away with the quality of photos on the iPhone 7. Especially when we recently compared shots with the Google Pixel, for example, and the iPhone 7 was found to be lacking. Hardware WIRED Read more How to use iOS 10's new emoji features How to use iOS 10's new emoji features By Matt Burgess This is where the iPhone 7 came into its own. The handset has the new A10 Fusion processor alongside an M10 motion coprocessor said to be 40 per cent faster than the A9 and twice as fast as the A8. Apple also makes bold claims that the GPU is 50 per cent more powerful and efficient than the A9 and three-times better than the A8. These claims seemingly stood up. Not once did we have issues with overheating, nor did games lag or stutter. We could switch between apps with ease and the phone was much better at handling more than one task being carried out simultaneously, including downloading apps while streaming music and playing a game. Battery life Having used an iPhone for around five years, we are used to tolerating poor battery life, charging phones twice a day and having levels drain in an instance. Great leaps have been taken to rectify this in the iPhone 7 and even more so the iPhone 7 Plus. We were concerned the extra power and brighter display on the iPhone 7 would have a negative effect on the battery, but if it did it was marginal. Apple’s official guidance suggests the iPhone 7 will last for two hours longer than the iPhone 6S but we would go as far to say it's better than that. In testing, we could run the iPhone 7 for, on average, four hours longer than a month-old 6S. Software Apple's iPhone 7, and 7 Plus, ship with iOS 10 installed and some of this battery saving comes from having a more efficient OS. When the latest iOS was unveiled at Apple's June developer conference, the tech giant said it was one of the largest updates to its mobile operating system in its history. Aesthetically, it wasn't as drastic a change as iOS 7 was but iOS 10 does come with features Apple fans have been calling for, for years. Others bring the software more in line with Android. For example, photos, maps, and the keyboard have been improved thanks to machine learning meaning iOS 10 can now recognise faces in photos and group them together, or give more accurate typing suggestions. iOS may be restrictive in terms of tweaks that can be made and access to non-Apple software and systems but it is still the most simple operating system to use. Elsewhere, iOS 10 comes with the ability to delete Apple's default apps – meaning Stocks, iBooks, iCloud don't have to clog up space. The update also sees a redesigned Apple News and Apple Music apps, bigger emoji, and a bedtime alarm. Explore all of the new features in iOS 10. ADVERTISEMENT Verdict The iPhone 7 is a good phone with decent upgrades. Not all the upgrades feel necessary or relevant but the handset does perform where it matters – speed and battery life. The latter being a particular surprise given the iPhone's woeful battery history. If you’re an Android fan, this phone is unlikely to make you want to switch. Especially given that some of the new features and hardware are already found on rival Android devices from Samsung, OnePlus and HTC. If you’re an iPhone 6S owner, there aren’t any features that should warrant an immediate upgrade but there are a couple of tweaks that could and should tempt you. We recommend waiting until your contract is up to make the switch. The iPhone 7 is mainly aimed at people with the iPhone 6. There are enough upgrades from its earlier predecessor for you to part with your money for the latest handset, and chances are you’re coming to the end of a two-year contract anyway and the timing is right. You’ll benefit from the better cameras, 3D Touch and boost in performance without feeling like you’re swapping like-for-like. Share this article RECOMMENDED Apple's iPhone 7 range and new Watch are now on sale Apple's iPhone 7 range and new Watch are now on sale By Victoria Woollaston iPhone 16 Sep 2016 Apple's iPhone 7 to launch at September 7 event Apple's iPhone 7 to launch at September 7 event By Victoria Woollaston Apple 29 Aug 2016 Apple iPhone SE review: small but powerful Apple iPhone SE review: small but powerful 8/10 By Jeremy White Technology 10 Apr 2016 Hands on with the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Hands on with the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus By Victoria Woollaston iPhone 07 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About IPHONE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago iPhone iPhone 7 Plus review: brilliant battery life is almost worth the money alone Apple may have finally solved some of its battery woes with the staggering power pack in the iPhone 7 Plus By Victoria Woollaston 18 Oct 2016 By Victoria Woollaston Tuesday 18 October 2016 Wired Fantastic battery life, great display for watching videos Tired Expensive handset with few updates, made our hands and wrists ache Price £719 8 / 10 While the iPhone 7 may not have enough new features to warrant an upgrade from the 6S, the larger iPhone 7 Plus could have enough to persuade you. Its battery life is staggering, the camera is a great addition and the pressure-sensitive home button and 3D Touch features make it a good all-rounder, albeit not a great one. Read more: iPhone 7 review ADVERTISEMENT Design We can almost copy and paste our views on the iPhone 7 Plus from our review of the iPhone 7. The dimensions are identical to the iPhone 6S Plus, but the iPhone 7 Plus is lighter than the 6S Plus – 188g versus 192g. The iPhone 6 Plus, by comparison, is thinner and lighter than both at 6.9mm (compared to 7.1mm) and 129g. Both the iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone 7 Plus have 12MP rear-facing cameras but the iPhone 7 Plus's front-facing camera has been upgraded from a 5MP to a 7MP sensor. Again, like the with the iPhone 7, the headphone jack has been removed on the iPhone 7 Plus, leaving the Lightning port. This lack of a headphone jack is inconvenient but Apple stresses it made the change because listening to music through the Lightning port improves the quality. Read more iPhone sales drop sees Apple's revenues fall for the first time since 2001 iPhone sales drop sees Apple's revenues fall for the first time since 2001 By Matt Burgess It does, but it’s marginal. Plus, this marginal improvement doesn’t counter for the fact you have to carry around an adapter at all times, this adapter adds a significant bulk to the headphones when plugged in, and you can’t listen to music and charge your phone at the same time. Apple's iPhone 7 Plus, like the iPhone 7, is available in matte black and jet black. The former adds a real sophistication to the device and we were surprised how much a simple colour can add to our opinion of a handset. The latter, conversely, seems like a good idea but scratches easily and makes the phone too slippery for our clumsy hands. The iPhone 7 Plus is also available in silver, gold, and rose gold. Prices start at £719 for 32GB, up to £819 for 128GB and £919 for 256GB. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Apple files lawsuit against fake chargers on Amazon. Here's how to check yours is genuine Apple files lawsuit against fake chargers on Amazon. Here's how to check yours is genuine By Amelia Heathman Display The iPhone 7 Plus' 5.5-inch screen has an IPS LCD, touchscreen, with 16M colors, and with a resolution of 1,080 x 1,920 pixels it has a pixel density of 401PPI – the same as the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhone 7 Plus does add a wide colour gamut display but this addition makes a small difference when the phones are placed side-by-side. WIRED Elsewhere, more apps are embracing Apple’s 3D Touch and this feature feels more natural once you’re used to using the pressure-sensitive sensor home button. We’ve found ourselves gradually using 3D Touch for Citymapper, for example, or when posting to Instagram. ADVERTISEMENT Read more iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost 7/10 By Victoria Woollaston The display on the iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus are both more responsive too. 3D Touch is not a feature we love, nor do we dislike it. Our only criticism is that we quite often enable 3D Touch actions when trying to copy a link or move an app and we’re still not used to the level of pressures needed for both. Hardware Like with the iPhone 7, with the headphone jack removed there is more room for a larger battery (2900mAh up from the iPhone 6S Plus' 2750 mAh battery) and the taptic engine. This taptic engine means the traditional home button is replaced by a touch sensor that responds with a vibration when you press it. This takes a little getting used to but it’s strange going back to using a button once you are, and the taptic response is missed. A subtle shift in behaviour which Apple excels at. This taptic engine ‘clicks’ when you set an alarm, and vibrates when playing games which is similar to using a PS4 or Xbox controller but is a lot more subtle and nuanced. It’s a nice touch when using certain apps, but is little more than that. Read more The top iOS 10 apps for keeping your data safe and secure The top iOS 10 apps for keeping your data safe and secure By Amelia Heathman WIRED Elsewhere, the iPhone 7 Plus offers IP67 water resistance. On paper, this isn’t as resistant as Samsung’s handsets – and Apple notes it's resistant, not waterproof – but tests have shown the iPhone 7 range can hold its own when submerged, and as a result may perform better than Apple has suggested. For existing iPhone owners, this is welcomed but for non-Apple users, it’s another feature that is playing catch-up. As with the iPhone 7, the pressure-sensitive Touch ID sensor takes a little getting used to but once it becomes the norm, it feels strange using a previous, button version. It doesn’t add much to the phone, and the haptic feedback is so subtle it’s not a game changer. There is also no noticeable speed difference between the Touch ID sensor recognising our fingerprint compared to the 6S, which was a marked improvement on the 6, and iOS 10 has sped this up for older models anyway. Read more Apple fixes headphone bug with release of iOS 10.0.2 Apple fixes headphone bug with release of iOS 10.0.2 By Matt Burgess Software Apple's iPhone 7, and 7 Plus, ship with iOS 10 installed and it really gives the battery a boost having an OS designed to run as efficiently as possible with the hardware. To look at, iOS 10 wasn't as drastic a change as iOS 7 was, but Apple did say the latest software was its 'biggest update' in its history and iOS 10 does come with features Apple fans have been calling for, for years. Others bring the software more in line with Android. Photos and the keyboard, for example, have been made more intuitive thanks to machine learning. This means that iOS 10 can now recognise faces in photos and group them together. Elsewhere, it provides more accurate typing suggestions that learn from the user's behaviour. iOS may be restrictive in terms of tweaks that can be made as well as the access it grants to non-Apple software and systems, but it is still the most simple operating system to use and by stripping out some of the options, it makes it feel much more natural than some versions of Android. Other notable features in iOS 10 include the ability to delete Apple's default apps – meaning Stocks, iBooks, iCloud don't have to clog up space, redesigned Apple News and Apple Music apps, larger emoji, smart messages and a bedtime alarm. Read more The six best apps on iOS 10's Message App Store The six best apps on iOS 10's Message App Store By Matt Burgess Explore all of the new features in iOS 10. Cameras We’ve previously preferred the smaller 4.7-inch iPhones; they felt like a significant size increase when we moved from the 4-inch 5S and took some getting used to. However, we’re now ready to step up again with the iPhone 7 Plus to take advantage of its extra features, namely the dual camera. The camera bump is still extremely unsightly but the photos the phone takes are great – on the whole, at least. The smaller of the two new models has the same 12MP sensor on the rear but it has an aperture of f/1.8 and a new six-element lens. Apple has also added optical image stabilisation to the iPhone 7, along with body detection, a Quad-LED True Tone flash, and wide colour capture. Read more How to use iOS 10's new emoji features How to use iOS 10's new emoji features By Matt Burgess The front-facing camera has gone from a 5MP to 7MP, and also comes with body detection, wide colour capture and auto-image stabilisation. Elsewhere, it has Retina Flash, the front-facing camera records in 1080p, while the rear can handle 4K. On the rear is a dual, 12 MP camera with apertures of f/1.8, f/2.8, optical image stabilisation, phase detection autofocus, two times optical zoom and quad-LED, dual tone. On the front is a 7MP, f/2.2, face detection and HDR. Photos in low-light are markedly better than on the iPhone 6S. The camera lens helps capture more colour, detail and light even on a grey day, and taking photos of small objects up close is a joy. Especially a close-up shot of tiramisu – perfect for showing off on Instagram. As with the camera on the iPhone 7, we couldn’t mimic some of the effects seen on Apple’s marketing photos and the action shots leave something to be desired, but generally we’re fans of this improved snapper. Battery life The camera isn’t the reason to upgrade, however. It’s a bonus compared to the handsets fantastic battery life. After two weeks with the device, we are staggered by the battery life, in a positive way. iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost iPhone 17 Oct 2016 For years we’ve tolerated batteries that die by mid afternoon with even a small increase in use above ‘standard.’ Working in an office with poor mobile signal, causing our phone to waste charge repeatedly trying to get onto a network, and streaming Spotify for an hour or so meant we would often have to plug our iPhone 6S Plus in by around 2pm if we weren’t going straight home from work. We found ourselves carrying charging cables and power packs on days out ‘just in case’ and got ‘battery anxiety’ if it dropped into the red. Other the past two weeks, we haven’t needed to do any of these with the iPhone 7 Plus. We’ve spent days streaming music, replying to messages, playing games on the 40-minute bus rides to and from work and making calls to contacts and the phone didn’t need to be charged at all – not in addition to the daily, overnight charge which is the norm for many modern phones. On average, the phone lasts from 5.30am – when our alarm goes off – until we get into bed at around 11pm, and even then it still sits at around 30 per cent. During tests, the longest the iPhone 7 Plus lasted was from 5.30am until 1pm the following day. It’s a shame this has to applauded so much; it should really be the norm, but anyone who has ever had an iPhone will appreciate how impressive this is. ADVERTISEMENT This may be in part due to the fact the battery is new. However, our previous 6S Plus, used as a comparison, was only a month old at the time of review so the battery life on the iPhone 7 Plus was still mightily impressive. Verdict The iPhone 7 Plus does feel massive in our hands and isn’t comfortable to use one-handed, but watching videos on the larger display is great and once you’ve used the larger handset for more than a couple of days, it’s extremely difficult to drop back down to the 4.7-inch model. In fact, it makes the latter feel like a toy phone. This extra size does add a weight increase compared to the iPhone 6S and our wrists ached, and still occasionally ache, after a long period of use; around 20-30 minutes. There is enough about the iPhone 7 Plus to warrant an upgrade, even from the iPhone 6S. The extra size allows for a larger battery and this is the standout feature of this handset. We’re not sure the boost in battery is proportionate with the amount you’ll pay for the device, but couple it with the improved camera and overall sturdiness of the device and it comes increasingly close. Share this article RECOMMENDED Hands on with the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Hands on with the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus By Victoria Woollaston iPhone 07 Sep 2016 iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost iPhone 7 review: much-needed improvements at a cost 7/10 By Victoria Woollaston iOS 10 17 Oct 2016 How to watch Apple's iPhone 7 event How to watch Apple's iPhone 7 event By Matt Burgess Technology 07 Sep 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for September 8 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for September 8 By WIRED Wired Awake 08 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tim Cook says AR will be way bigger than VR Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 14, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Virtual reality (VR) is exploding right now. The PlayStation VR just launched for the PS4, and there are other interesting products out there, including Facebook’s Oculus, and HTC’s Vive. But Apple will have none of it, as it thinks the future is elsewhere: augmented reality (AR). DON’T MISS: Here’s how Samsung might kill the Galaxy Note brand without actually killing it The problem with VR is that it keeps users tethered to a machine, vastly limiting their options. Apple, which makes popular personal devices like iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, would rather have technology serve you without hindering your experience, or substituting real human contact. “There’s no substitute for human contact,” Apple CEO Tim Cook told BuzzFeed News in an interview. “And so you want the technology to encourage that.” “VR, I think, has some interesting applications, but I don’t think it’s a broad-based technology like AR,” Cook added. “Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it’s profound. We might … have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right? And so I think that things like these are better when they’re incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking. … You want the technology to amplify it, not to be a barrier.” Apple is very secretive regarding its future products, but this isn’t the first time Cook has praised AR. Apple is very likely to come up with AR features for its products, particularly the iPhone. With a massive iPhone redesign set for 2017, when Apple celebrates ten years of iPhone, Apple AR might make an official debut aboard the iPhone 8. There’s nothing official to support this year, but AR could be a defining feature for next year’s iPhone. As BuzzFeed explains, the wheels are already in motion. Apple is cooking some AR products, only it’s not clear what they are. Certain acquisitions suggest Apple is working on AR, including PrimeSense (made the motion captures for the original Kinect), Metaio (German AR firm), and Faceshift (responsible for the real-time motion capture technology used in Star Wars: The Force Awakens). Furthermore, the company has patents that reveal Apple is studying AR and VR technology. Apple has also hired several engineers with experience in AR, including Yury Petrov (Facebook Oculus), Zeyu Li (Magic Leap), and Doug Bowman (Virginia Tech Cube). And while Apple won’t comment on future products, Business Insider remarked an interesting fact about Tim Cook. He likes to tease future products. Cook was talking about the potentials of the wrist a year before Apple announced the Watch. And he did say that Apple is working on AR features “behind the curtain” before this recent interview. Finally, the technology inside the iPhone 7, the second-gen Apple Watch, and the AirPods suggests that such products would be ready for AR features. These are spatially aware gadgets that could accommodate AR features. This quote, in particular, is very telling: “We might … have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right?” Cook said. How could two people have an AR experience during an interview that could happen practically anywhere? With the help of the devices, they’d be most likely to carry: smartphones like the iPhones, wearables like the Watch, and accessories, like the AirPods. That said, there’s nothing to suggest that the iPhone 8 is getting AR features from Apple next year. But it certainly looks like AR could be the defining feature of Apple’s next-gen phone. Trending right now: This $17 gadget is the best thing that ever happened to your HDTV Here’s how Samsung might kill the Galaxy Note brand without actually killing it The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus available SIM-free from Apple See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading Donald Trump in Election’s Final Days Fortune iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) Nike+ Watch Arrives October 28 We finally have a release date for the Apple and Nike collaboration By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 14, 2016, 10:44 am EST     Popular Posts: Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Stock Slammed by Karma Drone Recall Recent Posts: Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Stock Slammed by Karma Drone Recall View All Posts One of the highlights of Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) September iPhone event was the announcement of a new, fitness-focused Apple Watch Series 2 model made in partnership with Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE). Source: Nike The new Apple Watch Nike+ was designed to take on activity trackers and specialized athletic smartwatches, and marked the return to wearables for Nike. The big question was when the Apple Watch Nike+ would actually be available, and now we have the answer. Apple has updated the product page to show you can order one starting October 28. Nike Bounces Back from FuelBand The Nike+ FuelBand was an early entry in the fitness tracker space. The wristband was released in 2012 and connected to an iPhone or Android smartphone to track users’ activity stats. Although it quickly sold out when it was first released, the FuelBand ran into stiff competition from the likes of Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT). Nike closed down production in 2014. There was speculation at that time that Nike and AAPL might be able to work together for future wearables, with the new Apple Watch providing the hardware while Nike designed the software. The 10 Best Dividend Stocks for Every Retirement Portfolio That prediction turned out to be spot on. Apple Watch Nike+ The Apple Watch Nike+ is actually a stock Apple Watch Series 2. It comes with a choice of more aggressively athletic-looking Sport Bands, there are several watch faces that are exclusive to the model and it has a complication for the Nike+ Run Club app. And the Nike logo. Given the impressive health and fitness cred of the Series 2, however, the Apple Watch Nike+ makes for a compelling sports smartwatch. There is onboard GPS, a full complement of sensors, including heart rate tracking, a bright display for outdoor use and water resistance to 165 feet for swimming. Fitness trackers remain the hottest category in wearables, but the line between these devices and smartwatches continues to blur. Fitbit has begun releasing new products like the Blaze that look like a smartwatch and offer some smartwatch functionality, like notifications. Apple and other smartwatch makers — recognizing that fitness tracking is the primary reason many people buy a wearable — have been focusing on adding more health and fitness capabilities to their offerings. One company that figured this trend out early and ran with it is Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN). It’s been pushing a line of sports and fitness watches like the Vivoactive and that focus has made it the fifth largest seller of smartwatches. AAPL is already a player in the fitness smartwatch game with the Apple Watch Sport. However, the Nike logo, Nike+ software integration and aggressive styling of the Apple Watch Nike+ have a good chance of helping the company to gain more ground. It’s possible that prominent athletes with Nike endorsement deals may be soon spotted wearing the new smartwatch, which wouldn’t just be good for Nike, it would help promote the Apple Watch as well. It’s also worth noting that Nike is a very popular brand in China. Offering a new Apple Watch with the Nike Swoosh on it could well help AAPL to move more units in that country. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Tracks Everyone You Chat With The Nike partnership could also pay dividends for Apple on the fashion front. Nike has many fans who buy the brand’s clothing and accessories based purely on the looks and the logo. For this demographic, the Apple Watch Nike+ is the wearable that complements their style. The Apple Watch Nike+ goes on sale Oct. 28, with prices starting at $369. As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace What Is This Apple Inc. “Mystery Device”? (AAPL) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Leaves Android in the Dust With iOS 10 Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/apple-watch-nike-aapl-nke/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracyopinion The law of encryption workarounds The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Orin Kerr October 14 In my recent post, I noted that a lot of the recent legal developments in the field of computer crime law are about responses to encryption. I thought I would expand on the theme of what I’ll call “the law of encryption workarounds.” Here’s the idea: In the context of criminal investigations, encryption often acts as a means of blocking law enforcement access to information about suspects. It blocks that access unless the government can crack the encryption or gain access to a place where the information is available in unencrypted form. When targets use encryption to block law enforcement access to information about them, the government then looks for workarounds. In some contexts, the government looks for ways to decrypt the communications. In other contexts, the government tries to access copies of the information in unencrypted form. Several developments in computer crime law in the past year are about the legal issues prompted by encryption workarounds. In each case, suspects used encryption to hide information that the government would have been able to access, both legally and practically, if encryption had not been used. In each case, the government tried a workaround to gain access to the information despite the use of encryption. And in each case, the debate is now about the legality of the workaround. Consider three examples: 1. Apple v. FBI. The litigation known as “Apple v. FBI” was about an encryption workaround. The government had a suspect’s iPhone and had a warrant to search it. Without encryption, that would have been enough to search it. The government initially couldn’t access the phone, however, because the phone’s operator had used Apple’s operating system to encrypt its contents. The operator of the phone was dead, so the government couldn’t get him to decrypt it. Instead, the government tried to use the All Writs Act to force Apple to take steps to facilitate decrypting the phone. The legal issue concerned whether that was allowed. The case then became moot when the government paid an outside firm to decrypt the phone. 2. Fifth Amendment limits on decryption. Pending litigation in the Third Circuit about the Fifth Amendment limits of decryption provides another obvious example of an encryption workaround. Investigators have a warrant to search the defendant’s hard drives. The hard drives are encrypted, however, and the government doesn’t know the password needed to decrypt them. The government now has an order requiring the defendant to decrypt the drives, and he is fighting the order on Fifth Amendment grounds. The legal issue is whether and when the Fifth Amendment allows the defendant to be ordered to decrypt the hard drives. 3. The Playpen warrant. Litigation about the Playpen warrant can also be understood as being about encryption workarounds. Before Tor, if the government had control of a child pornography website and wanted to arrest its users, it could log the IP addresses of users and trace those IP addresses back. Tor hides those IP addresses and thwarts the use of surveillance tools that could reveal them so that the government generally can’t trace back connections through surveillance. (It’s not only encryption that does that, but it is part of the explanation.) The government’s workaround was to obtain a warrant authorizing the insertion of malware that could try to search visitor computers for the information Tor hides. Litigation over the Playpen warrant now concerns the legality of the warrant and the techniques it authorized. As we see more use of encryption, we can expect to see more attempted workarounds and more litigation over their legal limits. Some of these workarounds are widely available to law enforcement if courts approve them, while others are technologically difficult or very expensive and so are likely to be used rarely, even if courts are on board. Either way, the future landscape of digital evidence investigations is likely to be shaped in substantial part by the law of encryption workarounds. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law. Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Portland police urge Trump protesters to ‘stay home’ after shooting 2 A Muslim teacher receives an anonymous note about her headscarf: ‘Hang yourself with it’ 3 Parents are insisting on doctors who insist on vaccinations 4 Mistrial for officer who killed a black man while wearing Confederate flag shirt 5 Video shows group viciously beating man in Chicago, yelling, ‘You voted Trump’ and ‘Don’t vote Trump’ Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
null
null
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Buying a Smartphone for Its Curves Is Like Buying a Car for Its Cup Holders By Timothy Holbrook • 10/14/16 11:05am How much did Samsung’s phone sales depend on it looking like an iPhone? Comparison Smartphone/YouTube On Oct. 7, Samsung found itself facing an unpleasant result in one of the many patent lawsuits it’s a part of: A federal appellate court reinstated a jury verdict of US$119 million against Samsung in favor of Apple. In that case, Samsung was found to have infringed three Apple utility patents on how smartphones function. The first related to a smartphone’s ability to create links automatically to webpages and phone numbers, so the user need only press the link to jump to the webpage or call someone. Another covered the “slide to unlock” screen function. The third related to the phone providing autocorrect recommendations when the user was typing. Samsung’s smartphones all incorporated these features, without Apple’s permission. But not all of the patent law news was bad for Samsung. In a different chapter of the Apple v. Samsung smartphone patent saga, the U.S. Supreme Court on Oct. 11 heard arguments over a $400 million verdict against Samsung for infringing several Apple iPhone design patents. Aside from the enormous amount of money at stake, this is the first time the Supreme Court has addressed design patents in more than a century. This generally sleepy area of intellectual property has awoken. And, reading the tea leaves from the oral argument, it seems that Samsung will likely win at the Supreme Court. The key to this case, as contrasted with the other loss, is that the Supreme Court case is about design patents, not utility patents. What is the difference? Utility patents, like the “slide to unlock” patent, cover new inventions that have some sort of practical use – like the proverbial “better mousetrap.” Design patents, like those at issue in the Supreme Court case, protect the “ornamental design” of an item rather than the way a product works. Understanding design patents Design patents typically cover how things look, like shoes or furniture. The three design patents at the Supreme Court cover different aspects of the appearance of smartphones: the rectangular front face with rounded corners, the surrounding rim and the colorful grid arrangement of 16 icons on the screen. None of these has any effect on how the phones work. What is fascinating – and seemingly troubling for the Supreme Court – is exactly what happens when someone infringes a design patent. A design patent holder is entitled to get the profits made by the infringer. Specifically, an infringer of a design patent must pay to the patent’s owner “the extent of his total profit” of the “article of manufacture” found to be infringing. The lower courts interpreted this to mean that Samsung should be required to pay Apple all of the profits Samsung made from selling its infringing phones, a whopping $400 million. But, is that the right outcome? Why should Apple get all of Samsung’s profits just because the phones look the same? Surely Samsung customers bought the company’s devices not only because of how they looked, but also, to some degree, because of what they can do, like making telephone calls, surfing the internet and playing “Pokemon Go.” Those functions are not at issue in this patent case. I personally think making Samsung give up all its profits is not the correct outcome, which is why I joined a brief at the Supreme Court arguing for a different outcome. Based on how the oral argument went, I’d wager the Supreme Court thinks that outcome was wrong, too. Finding useful parallels To the lay reader, the design patent statute may seem clear: The owner of the design patent gets the infringer’s profits from what it made. It may seem harsh for Samsung, but what is the problem? Here is where the lawyers step in. The question is about what constitutes the “article of manufacture” on which the patented design is applied. Is it the entire phone, or just part of it? Think about wallpaper. The primary reason a consumer wants the wallpaper is how it looks, its design. In that context, the design and the article are basically the same thing. Infringement in this context likely would require payment of the profits for selling the wallpaper. At the other extreme, think about a patented design for a cup holder used in a car. If a car company built a vehicle with that cup holder design, without permission, what should be the remedy? The lower court’s decision in this design patent case suggests the owner of the cup holder patent should get the car company’s total profits from selling the entire car. But the product being sold – on which the profits are being calculated – is much more than a cup holder: It’s a car. How much is design worth? Those two examples are extreme, easy ones. In the argument at the Supreme Court, the justices used a somewhat more complex hypothetical about the Volkswagen Beetle. The design of the Beetle is ornamental: It does not have to be shaped that way to operate as a car. The shape has nothing to do with the engine or the interior of the car. Some people may buy the Beetle because of the body design, but others may be more interested in its fuel efficiency, or the power of the engine. Would someone copying the Beetle’s shape be liable for the entire profits from selling the car? The answer isn’t entirely clear. Nor is it in the context of the the smartphone designs at the Supreme Court. All of the parties – even Apple – agree that what’s in dispute here is not the entire phone. What, then, is the appropriate article of manufacture? Most likely the Supreme Court will send the case back to the lower courts to sort that out. We legal scholars can hope the court will give some specific guidance about how to draw the line. Once the line is drawn – once the article of manufacture is identified – the courts will have to determine the second question: How much of Samsung’s profits from the phones is a result of that part of the phone? It seems likely that Samsung will not have to pay the entire $400 million original judgment. But it is also clear that this case is far from over. And of course, Apple and Samsung could settle, as they have done before in their multiyear, multicountry battle. These disputes are not even the largest problems facing Samsung at the moment. The patent cases are about hundreds of millions of dollars, but the company is reeling from having to end production of its Galaxy Note 7 on Oct. 11 because the phone’s battery had a tendency to burst into flames. That move, including recalling devices already sold, is projected to cost the company as much as $10 billion. Timothy Holbrook is a Professor of Law at Emory University. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Observer About Advertise Careers Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? Apple CEO Tim Cook Sends Email to Employees Calling for Unity Following Presidential Election Apple Unveils (PRODUCT)RED Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones and Beats Pill+ Speaker 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro Apple Starts Selling Refurbished 9.7-inch iPad Pros for 15% Off YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple AirPods to Begin Shipping Later This Month? Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV Apple Posts Its 2016 Holiday Gift Guide ROME: Total War Now Available for iPad [Video] Apple Wins Twitter's Gold #Customer Award Periscope Now Lets You See Who Your Biggest Fans Are, Share With Groups, More Instagram Updates Stories With Boomerang, Mentions and Links You Can Now PayPal Using Siri Apple Watch Nike+ Launches on October 28th LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted October 14, 2016 at 2:58pm by iClarified · 8659 views · Translate Apple has revealed that the Apple Watch Nike+ model will be available for purchase starting on October 28th. Motivation in motion. Pure and simple fun. Apple Watch Nike+ is the latest in a long-running partnership between two of the world’s most innovative brands. From leading-edge comfort to the way it connects you to your running buddies through the Nike+ Run Club, it’s your perfect running partner — on your wrist. Apple Watch Nike+ features the Nike Sports Band. Made from the same durable, lightweight fluoroelastomer as the original Apple Watch Sport Band, the Nike Sport Band reduces weight and improves ventilation via row after row of compression‑molded perforations. The watch also comes with exclusive watch faces that use Nike’s iconic Volt color and boldly display the time in both digital and analog styles. There’s also a complication for launching the Nike+ Run Club app. More details at the link below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment m_thoroughbred - October 16, 2016 at 3:42pm Can't wait for this! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Unlocked BlackBerry DTEK60 appears on Staples Canada for $700 [Update] CanCon Podcast Ep. 37: Why did Google choose now to go end-to-end with Apple? Apple Watch Nike+ edition available in Canada on October 28 Zachary Gilbert October 14, 2016 10:43am During its recent iPhone event, Apple announced its second-generation wearable, Apple Watch Series 2. The company also announced a partnership with Nike to build a Nike+ edition of the Apple Watch. As part of the partnership, Apple and Nike have designed a wearable that combines design elements from both brands. Nike has also built software specific to its version of the Apple Watch that allows users to take advantage of Nike+ app features right on the device. According to the Apple website, the Apple Watch Nike+ edition will be available in Canada on October 28th, 2016, starting at $489 CAD. It’s worth noting that this is a series 2 device, meaning it features a dual-core processor and swim-proof outer case resistance. SourceApple Canada jay Am i blind? when i was in the apple store today i saw them on display and was able to try one. i prefer the first gen because it is used under 200$ Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Sales: Don't Be Misled Although some reports suggest that Apple is building fewer iPhone 7 smartphones than it did iPhone 6S phones a year ago, this doesn't mean that the iPhone 7 is selling worse than the iPhone 6S did. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 14, 2016 at 10:18AM Image source: Apple.  Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a lot riding on its recently released iPhone 7 smartphones. The company's iPhone product category is by far its most important, and after seeing year-over-year shipment and revenue declines during the iPhone 6S cycle, the company needs the iPhone 7 to do well. Interestingly, there have been several reports claiming that Apple's iPhone 7 shipments during the second half of 2016 might actually come in lower than shipments of the iPhone 6S in the prior year. That might make it seem as though sales of the iPhone 7 are actually worse than what the iPhone 6S was able to deliver last year. However, investors need to realize that this isn't necessarily the case at all. Here's why. Apple over-shipped last time; Apple seems supply constrained this time With the iPhone 6S, Apple likely built and shipped iPhone 6S devices under the assumption that the then-new device would sell better in the marketplace than the prior generation iPhone 6. When it was clear that the end-demand wasn't there, Apple wound up cutting iPhone 6S production and reducing the number of phones that it shipped to its channel/distribution partners. That channel inventory reduction led to Apple meaningfully reducing its own iPhone 6S shipments during the first half of this year. The initial build plans around the iPhone 7 were likely informed by Apple's experience with the peak sales of iPhone 6s. It's not surprising, then, that Apple had originally planned to build fewer iPhone 7 units during the second half of 2017 relative to what it built of iPhone 6S units in the second half of 2016. Those initial build plans don't really say much about end demand. What is telling, though, is that in light of the reduced builds year over year, Apple doesn't appear to have reached supply-demand equilibrium; instead, many models -- particularly the iPhone 7 Plus models in black and jet black finishes -- are still difficult, if not impossible, to find at Apple retail stores (and shipping times on Apple's online store are very long for these models). My bet? iPhone 7 will do better than iPhone 6S Although it's too soon to say for sure, I have a suspicion that the iPhone 7 series of smartphones will do better than the iPhone 6S did when it was Apple's flagship. Not only are the new phones more competitive than their predecessors were in terms of features and component performance, but Apple also has the benefit of many of those iPhone 6 owners (and given how successful this phone was, there were likely a lot of them) potentially being in the market for upgrades. There's also the fact that Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), arguably Apple's toughest competitor, recently canned its Galaxy Note 7 line of smartphones, which would have competed with Apple's iPhone 7 Plus. Some analysts think that Samsung's stumbles here could lead to unit shipment upside for Apple, though that remains to be seen. The iPhone 7 seems like it is good enough to allow Apple to do well over the next year while the company prepares what it widely expected to be a "revolutionary" next-generation iPhone 8. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 10:18AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Sales: Don't Be Misled Although some reports suggest that Apple is building fewer iPhone 7 smartphones than it did iPhone 6S phones a year ago, this doesn't mean that the iPhone 7 is selling worse than the iPhone 6S did. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 14, 2016 at 10:18AM Image source: Apple.  Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a lot riding on its recently released iPhone 7 smartphones. The company's iPhone product category is by far its most important, and after seeing year-over-year shipment and revenue declines during the iPhone 6S cycle, the company needs the iPhone 7 to do well. Interestingly, there have been several reports claiming that Apple's iPhone 7 shipments during the second half of 2016 might actually come in lower than shipments of the iPhone 6S in the prior year. That might make it seem as though sales of the iPhone 7 are actually worse than what the iPhone 6S was able to deliver last year. However, investors need to realize that this isn't necessarily the case at all. Here's why. Apple over-shipped last time; Apple seems supply constrained this time With the iPhone 6S, Apple likely built and shipped iPhone 6S devices under the assumption that the then-new device would sell better in the marketplace than the prior generation iPhone 6. When it was clear that the end-demand wasn't there, Apple wound up cutting iPhone 6S production and reducing the number of phones that it shipped to its channel/distribution partners. That channel inventory reduction led to Apple meaningfully reducing its own iPhone 6S shipments during the first half of this year. The initial build plans around the iPhone 7 were likely informed by Apple's experience with the peak sales of iPhone 6s. It's not surprising, then, that Apple had originally planned to build fewer iPhone 7 units during the second half of 2017 relative to what it built of iPhone 6S units in the second half of 2016. Those initial build plans don't really say much about end demand. What is telling, though, is that in light of the reduced builds year over year, Apple doesn't appear to have reached supply-demand equilibrium; instead, many models -- particularly the iPhone 7 Plus models in black and jet black finishes -- are still difficult, if not impossible, to find at Apple retail stores (and shipping times on Apple's online store are very long for these models). My bet? iPhone 7 will do better than iPhone 6S Although it's too soon to say for sure, I have a suspicion that the iPhone 7 series of smartphones will do better than the iPhone 6S did when it was Apple's flagship. Not only are the new phones more competitive than their predecessors were in terms of features and component performance, but Apple also has the benefit of many of those iPhone 6 owners (and given how successful this phone was, there were likely a lot of them) potentially being in the market for upgrades. There's also the fact that Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), arguably Apple's toughest competitor, recently canned its Galaxy Note 7 line of smartphones, which would have competed with Apple's iPhone 7 Plus. Some analysts think that Samsung's stumbles here could lead to unit shipment upside for Apple, though that remains to be seen. The iPhone 7 seems like it is good enough to allow Apple to do well over the next year while the company prepares what it widely expected to be a "revolutionary" next-generation iPhone 8. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 10:18AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 14 AAPL: 117.63 0.65 There’s one thing you won’t find in Apple’s newly-redesigned store: a security tether Ben Lovejoy - 1 month ago @benlovejoy Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple yesterday previewed its redesigned retail store on London’s Regent Street, and CNET spotted one feature notable by its absence: security tethers on display products. Perhaps the most interesting feature of the store is that when it opens to the public at the weekend the devices won’t be tethered to the tables as they were previously, and are in other stores around the world. Apple says this is to allow people to hold them properly, try cases on them and even see how they feel in your pocket. While CNET notes the lack of visible CCTV cameras, the risk to Apple of anyone helping themselves to the display devices is not as high as it seems. An alarm sounds if the devices leave the store (likely triggered by some kind of geofencing), and of course Apple can use Find My iPhone or some corporate equivalent to remotely lock any devices which do go walkabout. Plus I’m sure the CCTV cameras are there, visible or not. It seems a smart move, giving customers a greatly improved experience when they handle the devices, and creating a cleaner look to the display tables. It’s likely Apple will make the same change in other stores around the world. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Pocket-lint Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Your next Apple Mac keyboard could look like this, with assignable keys Rik Henderson14 October 2016Laptop Sonder Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment It has been rumoured for a while that Apple will be unveiling a refreshed MacBook Pro before the end of the year, which will feature an OLED strip that can be assigned tasks and keys as you see fit. However, that might not be the only device on the horizon with customisable functionality. The company is rumoured to be in talks to acquire startup Sonder Design. And any partnership on that front could result in a dynamic keyboard for all Apple computers. Australian firm Sonder is backed by Foxconn, one of Apple's main manufacturing suppliers, and builds keyboards where many of the keys are clear with E Ink screens behind them. That means you can assign whatever you want for each key, be that a letter, symbol or even emoticon. New MacBook Pro (2016): What’s the story so far? MacBook Pro OLED concept photos will make you want the rumoured feature more than ever Its current concept keyboard even looks like Apple's own Bluetooth model that is already available for Mac. The Sonder version is also wireless, so can be used on iPad, Android phones and tablets, PC and other Bluetooth devices too. It is available for pre-order on Sonder's website for $199 and this rumour could, of course, simply be a way to direct people to its availability. However, considering Apple's move towards a similar concept on its next flagship laptop, it seems like a logical next step. Sections Apple Foxconn laptop Via: 9to5Mac Source: Sonder Design 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy... Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Dell XPS 15 (2016) review: Pursuing perfection Popular In Laptop On Pocket-lint Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Here's how much the new MacBook Pro will cost you in new adapters and cables What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Win the world’s first 4k gaming console by entering the The PS4 Pro Giveaway The Microsoft Office 2016 Certification Training Bundle can help you ace your next interview (96 per cent off) Are you colour blind? This Microsoft app will help you see colour Best US Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Samsung Gear S3 preview: The final Frontier for smartwatches? NES Classic Mini review: Comes up a little short BT launches Dolby Atmos sound with 4K TV packages, get the stadium experience at home Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 14 AAPL: 117.63 0.65 Opinion: Apple may or may not buy Sonder, but dynamic hardware keyboards are the future Ben Lovejoy - 1 month ago @benlovejoy Feature Opinion View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following speculation that Apple may be looking to acquire Sonder Keyboard, the startup yesterday confirmed to us that it has been in discussions with Apple’s procurement board. Coincidentally or not, the company’s website was not accessible at the time of writing (that may simply be yesterday’s story driving too much traffic to it, of course). Sonder was not the first company to make a keyboard with dynamically-assigned keys. Patents for the idea go back as far as the 1970s, and the first commercially-available one was the German-made LC Board in the 1980s. The Optimus Maximus was one of the better-known examples of the technology, later superseded by the Optimus Popularis, in which each key is an individual color LCD display. At $1500, it hasn’t exactly made it into the mainstream, and other examples have come and gone. But Sonder’s approach has a realistic shot at making dynamic hardware keyboards a mainstream technology … Sonder’s use of e-ink keys has two great advantages over LCD or OLED ones. First, it’s much more affordable: the keyboard is currently on pre-order at $199, which is just twice the price of Apple’s Magic Keyboard. The cost to Apple of manufacturing something similar ought to add a relatively modest amount to the cost of a MacBook. Second, while color LCD displays are power-hungry, e-ink displays barely sip from a battery. They require no power to display their content, only to change what is displayed. That’s how a Kindle manages to run for a month or more on a single charge. So the technology would be practical for Apple to adopt, and there is plenty of evidence that the company is interested in dynamic keys. It now appears certain that this year’s MacBook Pro models will have a dynamically-assigned OLED touchscreen panel in place of physical function keys, but the company’s enthusiasm for this approach of course dates back way further than this. Apple’s most successful product was built on its early adoption of dynamic keyboards. It was the headline feature of the iPhone, which differed from existing smartphones of the time by dispensing with physical keys. The argument Steve laid out then for virtual keys on a smartphone could be applied equally to a Mac keyboard. What’s wrong with their user interfaces? They all have these keyboards that are there whether you need them or not. And they all have these control buttons that are fixed in plastic and are the same for every application. Well, every application wants a slightly different user interface, a slightly optimized set of buttons, just for it. The argument for dynamic keys on a computer is perhaps a little less compelling. Typing on them is one of the primary things we do, which was never really the case with a smartphone. But AV professionals can spend hours in front of a Mac without typing anything more than the occasional filename. That’s the reason many professionals choose to use keyboard overlays or custom keyboards for power apps like Photoshop, Lightroom, Final Cut Pro or Logic Pro. Those dedicated keyboards and overlays exist because they are huge time-savers. The ability to have your existing Mac keyboard switch instantly between overlay patterns for different apps would clearly be vastly more convenient. And that’s not the only benefit of dynamic keyboards. Hold down a modifier key like Shift or Option and the keycaps could change to display appropriate content. Multilingual users could switch between keyboard layouts and letters. Or any one of us could choose between a white-on-black or black-on-white version to suit our tastes. Plus, you know, gadgets! Now, sure, Sonder’s implementation isn’t particularly attractive. But ask any of us to name a company with a proven ability to take existing tech and make it both beautiful and usable, and we’re not going to have to think too hard. So Apple may or may not buy Sonder, but I do think that, sooner or later, it will switch to some kind of dynamic hardware keyboard tech. And in time, dumb keyboards will come to look as dated as dumb phones. Guides Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! That Nike-branded Apple Watch arrives October 28 – TechCrunch Posted on October 14, 2016 by TechCrunch Maybe you’ve been waiting for the Nike+ version to arrive before running out to buy the Apple Watch Series 2. Because, you know, life is a marathon, not a sprint and all that good stuff. Maybe you’re waiting a brightly-colored, breathable band that … Apple Watch Nike+ to launch on Oct. 28, Apple saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple’s Nike+ Watch launches on October 28thThe Verge Apple Quietly Updates Site Confirming Apple Watch Nike+ Launch on October 28Mac Rumors AppAdvice -9 to 5 Mac -TechnoBuffalo -Motley Fool all 13 news articles …read more wrote 21303 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare’ Running On PS4 Pro At 4K: Here’s How It Performs [Video] – Tech Times BMW eyes 100000 electric car sales in 2017 – Sueddeutsche – Yahoo Finance Microsoft investigated by Russian antitrust body after Kaspersky complaint – ZDNet Report: 400 million adult site accounts hacked, and your password is lousy – Mashable Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Apple Virtual Reality Tim Cook reveals why Apple prefers augmented reality to VR Apple boss yet again praises how augmented reality can blur real and virtual worlds. By Alistair Charlton October 14, 2016 15:12 BST Apple CEO Tim Cook thinks augmented reality will be bigger than virtual reality.Andrew Burton/Getty Images With rumours of Apple making its own car shunted to the back burner, attention has moved once again to boss Tim Cook's growing love of augmented reality. The Apple chief executive's latest thoughts on augmented reality (AR) focus on how it blends real and virtual worlds, rather than shutting the former off completely, as virtual reality (VR) does. "There's no substitute for human contact," Cook told Buzzfeed News, adding: "And so you want the technology to encourage that...Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it's profound. We might...have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here...and so I think that things like these are better when they're incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking." Cook sees AR's ability to "amplify" face-to-face conversations rather than be "a barrier" like VR. His most recent thoughts echo comments made in July, when he said Apple has been and will continue to invest "a lot" in augmented reality. "We are high on AR for the long run," Cook said. "We think there's great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. So we're investing." Virtual reality is the more popular for now, with the likes of the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive at the high-end sold alongside Google Cardboard and Samsung Gear VR at the sub-£100 level. But Cook expects to see AR overtake because of its ability to be more socially engaging than VR, which completely covers the user's eyes with an alternate reality. Augmented reality systems, such as the Hololens partially cover the wearer's eyes, letting them see the real world around them but also elements that are computer generated. A plumber, for example, could see the pipe he is fixing in reality, alongside instructions projected virtually onto a nearby wall. In January it was reported by the Financial Times that the iPhone maker has assembled "a large team of experts in virtual reality and augmented reality and built prototype headsets that could one day rival Facebook's Oculus Rift or Microsoft's Hololens." The secret unit is claimed to include "hundreds of staffers" who have joined Apple through poaching and buying up relevant AR and VR startups. More technology news from IBTimes UK EmDrive exclusive: Roger Shawyer confirms MoD and DoD interested in controversial space propulsion tech Hyperloop One gets $50m cash injection from Dubai port United Airlines flights left in chaos as computer systems go into meltdown Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close What does the Uber tribunal ruling mean for the gig economy? Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE WhatsApp enables two-step verification feature but in beta version Latest WhatsApp beta for Android adds ability to play audio messages in the background. Microsoft fixes Surface Pro 3 battery issue through new firmware update The System Firmware Update - 11/7/2016 is available to install from Windows Update. FriendFinder Networks data breach exposes over 400 million adult site accounts The breach reportedly occurred in October and included user credentials from six adult-oriented websites. Samsung releases November Android security patches for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge The update is seeding for unlocked devices in Europe. Hundreds of Uber drivers go without payment after 'banking glitch' Some drivers are unable to work because they cannot cover their fuel costs. BioWare reveals details on new Mass Effect Andromeda companion characters Liam and PeeBee Creative director Mac Walters sheds light on some of the sci-fi RPG's new characters' personalities. Signups for encrypted communication platform ProtonMail double after Trump victory People are flocking to use the encrypted mail service fearing increased surveillance by the state. UK video game deals: PS4 Pro, Xbox One bundles, Overwatch, Call of Duty and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. WH Smith shuts website for hours to stop sales of manuals on bomb-making One of the terror manuals was reportedly purchased via a US source by Thomas Mair, the alleged murderer of late MP Jo... Unicode signs off on 51 new emojis including breastfeeding, a hijab and more Some of the multiple emojis shortlisted range from a zombie and vampire to a sandwich and an exploding head. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews You can get the Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ edition on October 28 More than a month after the Series 2 went on sale. by Valentina Palladino - Oct 14, 2016 1:55 pm UTC Login to bookmark 41 We now know the official release date for the Nike+ version of the Apple Watch Series 2. The product of Apple's wearable collaboration with the athletic company will go on sale on October 28, according to an updated page on Apple's website. The Apple Watch Series 2 has been available since the middle of last month, but we knew the Nike+ version would be coming sometime in October. The differences between the models are few, but important: if you purchase the Nike+ edition, you'll get the special, perforated silicone band that should be more comfortable during runs and high-intensity workouts thanks to the small holes that allow air to reach your skin. You'll also get a few exclusive watch faces that use the Nike Run Club aesthetic, showing you the time and activity information in bold, neon colors. Other than that, the Series 2 Nike+ edition is the same watch as the regular Series 2—it has all the same connected features as the regular Apple Watch, and you're not limited to the Nike Run Club app to track exercises. You can download third-party apps or use Apple's Activity app to monitor workouts—and if you have a regular Series 2 watch, you can download the Nike Run Club app to track runs. You can also buy additional watch bands and use them with the Nike+ model if you don't want to limit yourself to just the perforated band. Preorders for the Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ are open now on Apple's website, and those orders will ship in early November. You can choose from the typical 38mm ($369) or 42mm ($399) case options, and there are four color options for the band to pick from. Expand full story Reader comments 41 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Valentina Palladino / Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
