News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Diversity in tech: Lots of attention, little… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Fixing Broncos O-line Switchblade knife ban Trevor Tice final hours New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Australian Open update Business Diversity in tech: Lots of attention, little progress Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Kenji Chapa rides a bicycle through an office at MapQuest’s Denver headquarters Tuesday. Among U.S. states, Colorado tied for third in the nation for its concentration of high-tech workers. By The Associated Press January 28, 2017 at 12:42 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Tale of two states: N. Dakota has $4 billion saved from oil and gas taxes; Colorado has almost none Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban By Barbara Ortutay, The Associated Press NEW YORK — The tech industry brought us self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and 3-D printers. But when it comes to racial and gender diversity, its leading companies are no trailblazers. Despite loudly touted efforts to hire more blacks, Latinos and women, especially in technical and leadership positions, diversity numbers at the largest tech companies are barely budging. In 2014, 2 percent of Googlers were black and 3 percent were Hispanic, numbers that have not changed since. The picture is similar at Facebook and Twitter . Microsoft is slightly more racially diverse (though not when it comes to gender) and Apple even more so, though still not reflective of the U.S. population. Amazon is more racially diverse still, although it counts a large, lower-wage warehouse workforce in its totals. Women, meanwhile, make up less than a third of the workforce at many companies — even less in engineering and other technical jobs. Tech companies themselves tend to blame a “pipeline problem,” meaning a shortage of woman and minorities with technical qualifications. But a number of academic experts, industry employees and diversity advocates say there’s a bigger problem. Silicon Valley, they argue, has failed to challenge its own unstated assumptions about what makes for great tech employees. “The people who are doing the hiring are not changing their thinking around what they view as qualified,” says Leslie Miley, engineering director at the message-service startup Slack. Hiring managers, he says, spend too much time worrying that applicants who don’t fit techie stereotypes aren’t “Google-y enough or Facebook-y enough or Apple-y enough or Twitter-y enough.” Miley, who is African-American, previously worked as an engineer at Twitter, Apple, Google and Yahoo. THE INDUSTRY IS TRYING Companies are spending a lot of time and money on improving diversity. Two years ago, Intel splashily set itself the goal of achieving full representation in its workforce by 2020. Despite committing $300 million to the effort and making some early progress , Intel acknowledges there is “a great deal of work to be done.” Similar programs are in place throughout the industry, from outreach at high schools and historically black colleges to internship and mentoring programs and sponsorships for coding boot camps. So far, to little avail. Why? Interviews with more than 30 tech workers, executives and diversity advocates suggest the blame lies with subtle biases in hiring, unwelcoming work environments and a paucity of diverse role models in top positions. Aniyia Williams, founder and CEO of the startup Tinsel, says companies should focus on their own culture rather than blaming external factors they can’t control, such as limited computer-science education in U.S. schools. It’s not enough to release diversity reports and say, “Oh, not a lot has changed, but it’s the world, not us that’s the problem,” she says. Williams, who is African-American, says she has made sure to hire women as well as underrepresented minorities. Tinsel makes tech jewelry targeted at women. WHY IT MATTERS Diversity isn’t just about fairness. It’s about having designers who reflect the diversity of the people they are designing for. For tech companies hoping to reach millions or billions of users, a lack of diversity could mean their products “will not appeal to a large population,” says Lillian Cassel, chairwoman of computer sciences at Villanova University. Diverse perspectives can also help prevent grievous errors — such as a problem that arose at Google in 2015, when a photo-recognition feature misidentified black faces as gorillas. Some related missteps: + Snapchat released two photo filters that contorted facial features into bucktoothed Asian caricatures or blackface. One was later withdrawn after public outcry. The other “expired,” and the company said it won’t put it back into circulation. + Airbnb initially took no steps to prevent hosts from discriminating against guests whose profile photos showed they were black. The practice was corrected after an outcry. + Twitter took nearly a decade to tackle the harassment of women and minorities on its service. In a New York Times opinion piece , Microsoft researcher Kate Crawford urged companies working on artificial intelligence to address diversity, warning that otherwise “we will see ingrained forms of bias built into the artificial intelligence of the future.” INTO THE PIPELINE Some 11 percent of computer science graduates were black and 9 percent were Hispanic in the 2013-14 school year, according to the latest data from the U.S. Department of Education. Yet only 4 percent of Google’s 2015 hires were black, and 3 percent were Hispanic. At Intel, fewer than 5 percent of hires were black and 8 percent were Hispanic. Numbers at other tech companies are comparable. Major tech companies have a long tradition of hiring applicants from top-tier universities — and those universities also have a problem with diversity, even if they’re doing slightly better than the companies. Some minority applicants, meanwhile, earn their computer-science chops through community colleges or coding boot camps instead — places often overlooked by recruiters. The few minorities hired into big tech companies can often feel alienated in overwhelmingly white (and sometimes Asian) environments. Unsurprisingly, they are sometimes reluctant to recommend their employer to friends, classmates and former colleagues, furthering the cycle of underrepresentation, Williams and others say. WHEN THE CULTURE DOESN’T FIT Silicon Valley startups like to talk about “culture fit” — in theory, the question of whether a job candidate’s attitude and behavior meshes well with a company. In practice, though, it can mean that since a lot of people are white and male, they “hire what they know,” says Dave McClure, a prominent angel investor in Silicon Valley. Larger companies such as Facebook publicly eschew discussions of “fit,” although the notion can unwittingly seep into hiring practices. For example, a 2013 study found that words used in engineering and programming job listings could serve to discourage women from applying. Words like “competitive,” ”dominant” and “leader,” can make a job seem less appealing to women in a field that is already male-dominated. Some companies, including Facebook, offer training on “unconscious bias” to combat the problem. But they don’t make such training mandatory for all employees. And once hired, people can get lost in the shuffle given the lack of role models and mentors in higher ranks — and thus find it difficult to advance. At many places, women and minorities face constant questions about their technical knowledge. They can’t help wondering if they would be taken “more seriously” if they were whiter and male, Williams says. MAKING CHANGE HAPPEN Nancy Lee, the Google official in charge of diversity efforts, says the gorilla face-recognition incident was a “wake-up call” for the company. “We need to include all voices from a multitude of backgrounds and experiences (when it comes to the) technology we create,” she says. “We firmly believe that good ideas don’t come out of echo chambers.” Lee says things are getting better, slowly, but that it can be “demoralizing” to those working on diversity issues to be pressured to do things quickly. “We want to solve this for the long haul,” she says. But Miley, the former Twitter and Google engineer, can’t understand why diversifying the industry’s workforce “seems to be such an intractable problem.” “I wonder if it is coming up against…the deep-seated belief that the people in these organizations are special and they want to keep out people who are not special,” he says. “In our country, increasingly the people who are not special are the people who are underprivileged.” Tags:  diversity gender equality tech Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Technology Technology back in driver’s seat in metro Denver January 27, 2017, 6:12 pm Jobs in information technology and software (IT-Software) increased 9.4 percent last year, the best showing out of 13 industries key to the northern Front Range economy, according to the 11th annual cluster study from the Metro Denver Economic Development Corp. CU Denver gets $5 million gift to mix art, technology and entrepreneurship in new center January 27, 2017, 5:49 pm A $5 million gift to the University of Colorado Denver will combine the study of art and technology with real-world problems in an innovation center named after donor Comcast Corp. Newcomer exploring gigabit internet service for city of Centennial January 26, 2017, 6:53 pm Neteo, a Morrison internet service provider, is the latest to test customer demand for gigabit internet in the city of Centennial. That makes at least two companies publicly considering Centennial’s plan to build its own internet backbone for city services but let private firms connect and then offer service to residents. Your cable company wants to be your wireless phone company, too January 26, 2017, 9:59 am Your TV provider may soon become your phone company. Which seems only fair, because your phone company also wants to be your TV provider. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 These are the stores where the most people use their iPhone to pay Kif Leswing Jan. 25, 2017, 8:00 AM 2,527 facebook linkedin twitter email print Brick and mortar retailers with the highest percentage of Apple Pay credit card transactions. TXN New analysis suggests that drugstore Duane Reade and grocer Whole Foods have been the most successful brick-and-mortar stores at getting customers to embrace Apple Pay — a technology that allows Apple users to pay with their phone or watch. But the usage rates even at the best brick-and-mortar retailers lag behind services with popular mobile apps, according to data analysis from TXN, a consumer spending analytics app.  They found that the total number of monthly Apple Pay transactions grew by 50% year-over-year in their sample, although it still "accounts for a fairly small percent of all credit card transactions," according to the analysis.  TXN TXN derived its analysis from its research panel, which has over 3 million payment cards, according to CEO Jonathan Wolf. TXN's participants let the company essentially see their credit card statements in exchange for incentives. One TXN analyst figured out that some banks label Apple Pay transactions, so they used that to chop their data into Apple Pay and non-Apple Pay credit card transactions.  Overall, Wolf sees a "success story" based on growth for Apple Pay in this data. "If you offer a payment option while shopping on your phone, it's a real thing," he said.   "Five years ago the ability to pull my phone out of my pocket and pay did not exist." Since then, he said, "I’ve gotten faster and faster on the draw. There’s a point where it’s actually faster to pull out your phone." Apple Pay, a way to pay for goods with an iPhone or iPad, was launched in late 2014 along the iPhone 6. Since then, Apple has expanded it to the web, to Mac computers, and has signed up hundreds of banks. But Apple does not share a lot of Apple payment data. Most recently, last summer it unhelpfully said that Apple Pay has "tens of millions" of monthly users.  So the best way to get an idea of who and how people are using Apple Pay comes from analytics companies like TXN. You can read their full report here.  TXN Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends SEE ALSO: Apple Pay is dominating the mobile payments industry More: Apple Apple Pay facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru These are the stores where the most people use their iPhone to pay These are the stores where the most people use their iPhone to pay New analysis suggests that drugstore Duane... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Jump to page content Accessibility Log in or Register for enhanced features | Forgotten Password? White Papers | Suppliers | Events | Report Store | Companies | Dining Club | Videos Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Clean Technology Digital Transformation Data-Driven Business Digital Protection Hybrid Agility Workplace Productivity Power Generation Solar ALL EBR | Solar Solar Home | News | White Papers | Suppliers | Companies Return to: EBR Home | Power Generation | Solar Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Solar News NV Energy, Apple to build 200MW solar farm in Nevada Published 25 January 2017 NV Energy and Apple have reached an agreement to build 200MW of additional solar energy in Nevada by early 2019. The projects will support Apple's renewable energy needs for its Reno data center. In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada (PUCN) to enter into a power purchase agreement (PPA) for the solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529 megawatts of new solar resources in construction in Nevada or under review for approval. This is in addition to the 491 megawatts of universal solar resources in Nevada currently serving NV Energy customers. Apple will also dedicate up to 5 megawatts of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers. "We are proud to play a role in helping Apple meet their energy needs with Nevada's abundant solar resource," said Paul Caudill, president and CEO of NV Energy. "In partnership with our customers, we continue to develop a more balanced fuel mix in a way that benefits the local economy by providing hundreds of jobs for Nevadans, particularly those in the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers local 357 and 396, and advances the state's policy goals." "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100 percent renewable energy across all our operations," said Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives Lisa Jackson. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." Source: Company Press Release Share: Latest News DEWA, UAE University sign MoU for specialized research on PV technologies Power Generation > Solar > News NV Energy, Apple to build 200MW solar farm in Nevada Power Generation > Solar > News Idenergie launches residential energy management platform Power Generation > Solar > News PSE&G commissions ILR solar farm in US Power Generation > Solar > News Recurrent Energy signs 60MW solar power purchase agreement with SMUD Power Generation > Solar > News Related News Related Sectors Power Generation> Solar Related Dates 2017> January Related Industries Energy and Utilities> Power Generation> Renewables> Solar> Solar PV Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Solar News Related Insight Suppliers Directory Spotlight Suppliers By Sector A-Z Bronswerk Heat Transfer - Dynamic Heat Exchange Solutions Bronswerk® Heat Transfer (BHT) offers specialised knowledge of advanced processes and techniques for heat exchange systems. Since 1940, Bronswerk has designed, manufactured and supplied industrial (shell and tube) heat exchangers, cooling equipment, (A-frame) condensers, air cooled coolers (ACC) and fans for the industry. Power Generation > Solar > Suppliers Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels # ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Solar Intelligence Latest White Papers Efficient Use of Waste Heat in Combined Heat and Power Systems Published by Bronswerk Heat Transfer Power Generation > Solar > White Papers About us Accessibility Advertise with us Contact us Help Privacy RSS feeds Site map Dining Club Browse By Sector Browse By Network Business Review Sites Mining & Commodities Oil & Gas Power Generation Power Distribution Biofuels & Biomass Carbon Coal Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Minerals & Materials Nuclear Nuclear Fuels Refining & Petrochemicals Solar Transportation & Storage Utilities Network Utilities Retail Wind Auto Banking Clean Technology Drinks Energy Food Insurance Logistics Medical Devices Packaging Pharmaceutical Retail Technology Webinars © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Siri is coming to Apple Watch apps BI Intelligence Jan. 25, 2017, 10:03 AM 1,001 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Google is preparing to launch two Nexus-like smartwatches The Internet of Everything — $12.6 trillion ROI expected over the next decade [SLIDE DECK] The Apple TV is a mess — and hardly the 'future of TV' Apple advertised This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. A new beta version of Apple’s watchOS — the operating system for the Apple Watch — revealed the company is opening up some Apple Watch apps to its voice assistant, Siri, according to Business Insider. These include fitness apps, payments, rides, and messages. While the software is still in development, this will eventually allow Apple Watch owners to do ask Siri to complete actions like ordering an Uber through their Watch rather than having to do it through their phone. Voice assistant integration into the Apple Watch could improve the user experience. A pitfall of overall smartwatch industry is a lack of functionality. This is in part due to the smaller screen size, which limits what apps can show at any one time. Voice-integration removes the friction that might arise out of trying to navigate the small screen with their fingers. Adoption of voice recognition in smartwatches could make the devices more useful, even allowing them to eventually challenge the supremacy of the smartphone as a key to the connected world (that is, the car, home, workplace, etc.). The move could indicate Apple’s strategy for the emerging voice assistant, which differs from rivals Google and Amazon. While the latter two companies are baking their voice assistants, Google Assistant and Alexa, into connected home hardware, Apple appears to be taking a more ubiquitous approach, turning Siri into the universal platform. Siri is now available on all four devices and operating systems — iOS, watchOS, tvOS, and MacOS. Moreover, as Apple’s wireless connected earphones continue to enter the market, Apple is positioning itself as a major player in the voice assistant market. When they first broke onto the scene, smartwatches were touted as the next generation of devices set to transform consumers’ lives. And brands, service providers, and the healthcare segment were ready to capitalize on their “always on” nature, which promised to provide greater insight into consumer habits. But while the market initially grew rapidly, it has begun to cool off, as consumers become impatient with the technology's lack of distinct capabilities, such as LTE connectivity and device-specific apps. In the next few years, the smartwatch market will likely see the addition of new functionality and increased capabilities, which will see the device shipments grow at an annualized rate of 18% through 2021 to reach 70 million units. However, smartwatches are reliant on a number of factors in order to generate any sort of meaningful consumer demand. Until such a time, adoption of smartwatches will likely be sluggish, as consumers wait for vendors to produce products that can run independently from their phones and provide more useful functions. So what does this mean for the device championed as the replacement for the smartphone? Should vendors manage to implement a lower price point, better functionality, and expanded use cases, there is a vast potential for accelerated global growth. Moreover, because of the low adoption rate thus far, there is still ample opportunity for new entrants to join the market, and capture mind share. Laurie Beaver, research associate for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on smartwatches that examines all areas of the smartwatch market, including a five-year forecast, key growth trends, market leaders, consumer demand, and more. It also discusses the need for the inclusion of standalone capabilities in smartwatches, as well as the importance of bringing both better apps to the devices and greater consumer awareness of capabilities. Lastly, it explores the nascent smartwatch app market, including its shortcomings and how it can be improved. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report: Demand for smartwatches has cooled as consumers wait for better functionality. But early demand suggests the market could take off when functionality improves.  Apple will continue to drive a large portion of the overall market, however, Android Wear devices will quickly catch up as emerging markets begin to adopt the technology. Health and fitness remain a dominant segment of the smartwatch market, providing healthcare workers and hospitals with savings opportunities. As technology and app development advances, the benefits of smartwatches within these segments will become even more robust. The future of the smartwatch market remains somewhat unclear, however, there is profound opportunity for businesses and developers to begin exploring the nascent smartwatch market. This will give them a head start against competitors. In full, the report: Forecasts smartwatch shipments through 2021 for both overall device shipments as well as by operating system. Provides an overview of the main players in both hardware and software, and how they will size up in the future. Demonstrates the effect of Apple’s entrance into the market, and why it's unlikely to dictate future growth. Gives insight into what technologies need to be worked on in order to incentivize future growth, the effects they will have on the market, and how they can be used. And much more. Interested in getting the full report? Here are several ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. >> Learn More Now Access the Ultimate Mobile, Apps & Platforms Reports Bundle and save 95% today. You will gain immediate access to the Chatbots Explainer and 75 other comprehensive research reports covering the most important topics impacting the mobile. >> Bundle & Save Now Purchase & download the full report from our research store. >> Purchase & Download Now More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Smartwatch Mobile Apple Apple Watch Siri facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Siri is coming to Apple Watch apps Siri is coming to Apple Watch apps This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and celebrated in front of police after killing her son-in-law Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk away largely unscathed  Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Serena and Venus Williams battle in a major final against each other for the first time in nearly eight years Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out until further notice New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a 'quick fix' Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Injured man sues Apple for 'refusing to use lock-out technology that stops drivers from texting - despite patenting it in 2014' Julio Ceja was rear-ended and injured by a driver who was using her iPhone He filed suit against Apple in Los Angeles, alleging it bears some responsibility Alleges that lock-out technology to prevent drivers from using phones has existed since 2008 Apple allegedly refuses to use technology, which was patented in 2014  Texas couple sued Apple last month following death of their 5-year-old daughter  By Forrest Hanson For Dailymail.com Published: 15:52 EST, 24 January 2017 | Updated: 18:19 EST, 24 January 2017 e-mail 27 shares 86 View comments A California man has filed a class action lawsuit against tech giant Apple for creating, patenting and not introducing thereafter a new technology that could stop drivers from texting. Julio Ceja said he was rear-ended and injured by a driver who was using her iPhone. Ceja, of Orange County, filed his case in Los Angeles. A lawsuit filed by Julio Ceja in a Los Angeles court accuses Apple of creating, patenting and not introducing thereafter a new technology that could stop drivers from texting The lawsuit alleges that Apple refuses to use technology that was patented in 2014 that would lock out people trying to use phones while driving. Pictured: A design listed in patent 8706143 RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next First phones, now washing machines! Samsung is being sued... Couple sue Apple after driver, 22, using FACETIME crashed... Share this article Share His suit argues that Apple bears some responsibility for incidents like this in that it could provide a lock-out technology that would prevent drivers from using their phones, the New York Daily News reported. Such technology has existed since 2008 and was patented - patent 8706143 -  in 2014, Fortune reported. The suit further states: 'Apple refuses to employ the technology, choosing instead to allow the massive carnage to occur.' The lawsuit asks for an injunction that would stop the sale of iPhones in California without the lock-out technology.  The action follows numerous claims against Apple, including a Texas couple suing the company following their daughter's 2014 death. Moriah Modisette, five, was killed when Garrett Wilhelm smashed into the back of the parents' car while he was using FaceTime James and Bethany Modisette have sued Apple, alleging the company's product was 'a substantial factor' in the death of their daughter. Pictured: Garrett Wilhelm James and Bethany Modisette lost their daughter Moriah, five, when Garrett Wilhelm smashed into the back of their car. Wilhelm had been using FaceTime and the app was still active when officers arrived on the scene.  He faces a manslaughter charge for the crash. But the Modisettes claim that Apple's product was also a 'substantial factor in causing the plaintiffs' injuries and decedent's death.' Texas is one of the last states which still allows motorists to use their cellphones while driving.  However, local ordinances are in effect in both San Antonio and Austin which prevent it.  Apple previously told the New York Times that it is the driver's responsibility to not use its phones while driving. It said: 'For those customers who do not wish to turn off their iPhones or switch into Airplane Mode while driving to avoid distractions, we recommend the easy-to-use Do Not Disturb and Silent Mode features.' Read more: www.nytimes.com/... Apple sued over allegedly withholding iPhone safety feature - NY Daily News Apple Sued Texting and Driving Case Over iPhones and Lockout Tool | Fortune.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (86) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious     DON'T MISS Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy 'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... 'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk... Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Follow Serena Williams vs Venus Williams tennis action from... Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Apps Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally Browse more... Apple Watch Wearables have got some work to do this year Fitbit gets another holiday bump and much-needed breathing room The Apple Watch rolls out a new challenge for the New Year Browse more... Siri Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 Apple patent shows Siri inside iMessage to help with scheduling, payments and more Rokid, the assistant that can see, hear and sing raises $50M at $450M valuation Browse more... wearables Unboxing six gadgets from CES 2017 Smartwatches could soon tell you when you’re getting sick Gartner spies growing opportunity for voice-driven devices Browse more... SiriKit Voice recognition technology is expediting the race to frictionless retail Apple shows off the first Siri-powered apps arriving in iOS 10 Your iOS 10 notifications will be a lot more useful and relevant. And gifs! Browse more... Apple Watch will soon let you talk to Siri to use your apps Posted Jan 25, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Amazon adds ocean freight to the pieces of the shipping puzzle it controls The next version of Apple Watch’s software will let you talk to Siri via your smartwatch in order to interact with third-party applications, according to new developer documentation from Apple released on Tuesday. This will let you do things like order an Uber, send a message through a chat application, make a payment, and more. The feature is one of a handful of enhancements expected to arrive in the upcoming operating system, watchOS 3.2, which will also introduce a “Theater Mode” option. This lets you mute the sound on your watch and will disable the watch’s ability to wake the screen when you raise your wrist. In other words, it’s a way to not annoy others when watching a movie, play or other performance in a darkened room when you’re asked to silence your devices. But more interesting is the addition of SiriKit for third-party apps. Being able to use your apps via a wrist just by speaking will be a big step forward in terms of voice-based computing, and something that could even make Apple Watch seem more appealing to those who haven’t yet seen the need for smart wristwear. Consumer apathy has led to declining smartwatch sales, and an industry that’s left taking stock of the true market potential for wearables now that the hype has worn off. So far, third-party Apple Watch apps have largely failed to impress. Limited by the small screen, there’s not much they can offer in the first place. And if someone wants to really use an app, after all, their iPhone is usually nearby. Instead, the Apple Watch has excelled at being an “alerts” device. It’s best for things like handling incoming calls and texts…and, okay, maybe Pokémon sightings. It also works well as a passive means of data collection, like a step counter or workout tracker, for example. But when it comes to apps, wearers would rather use their bigger-screened, more functional devices. With the new SiriKit integration, apps may be able to forge a comeback on the platform. Imagine being able to say, “Siri, get me an Uber” to your watch, while leaving your iPhone in your pocket or purse. Then, as the car arrives, your watch notifies you with a notification and haptic feedback. Of course, you could already do things like order an Uber via Apple Watch before today, but you’d have to tap around on the small screen to make that happen. Siri could make the process much more seamless. SiriKit was already available on iPhone and iPad in iOS 10, but Apple Watch may be the most useful platform for the functionality. According to Apple’s release notes on watchOS 3.2, not all apps will be able to take advantage of Siri integration, however. Instead, it will only be available to those in select domains, including messaging, payments, ride booking, workouts, calling and searching photos. A new build of watchOS wasn’t among Apple’s suite of beta releases yesterday, when the company rolled out updated versions of iOS, macOS and tvOS to its developer community. However, Apple did publish the watchOS 3.2 “What’s New” guide, which indicates a beta build is soon coming. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Watch Description Apple's smart watch. Website http://www.apple.com/watch/ Full profile for Apple Watch Siri Founded 2007 Overview Siri is now a [product](http://www.crunchbase.com/product/siri) of Apple Corp. Siri is a virtual personal assistant incorporated as a feature of [Apple](/company/apple) iPhones beginning with the 4S generation. Siri was originally developed by [SRI International](/company/sri-international). SRI spun off Siri, Inc., in 2007, and this company launched a personal assistant app in February 2010. … Location San Jose, CA Categories iOS, Consumer Electronics, Software, Virtualization Website https://www.siri.com Full profile for Siri Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes wearables SiriKit Siri Apple Watch Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From Mobile Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates 15 hours ago | Sarah Perez Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 16 hours ago | Brian Heater President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next Amazon adds ocean freight to the pieces of the shipping puzzle it controls Posted Jan 25, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 11 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Mobile BusinessMobile Apple ready to manufacture in India – “Done deal,” report says By Todd Haselton | January 25, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is reportedly ready to begin manufacturing its products in India and has apparently finalized tax and tariff exemptions, The Wall Street Journal said on Wednesday. An official speaking with the news outlet said it’s a “done deal.” Apple hasn’t officially announced any plans but that suggests that we’ll hear something very shortly. Apple and India had reportedly tried to settle at least one major request from Apple – the ability to import goods into India, including “components and equipment,” without having to pay taxes on those imports for 15 years. By doing so, Apple will decrease its cost of entry right into one of its major markets. It’ll essentially build the products right in India and turn around and sell them, helping it compete with low-cost Android smartphones in a market that would otherwise be much more expensive to enter. Apple to manufacture in the U.S., too? Apple may learn a bit from its negotiations with India. The new Trump administration wants Apple to manufacture products here in the United States, too, and Foxconn is reportedly interested in making a massive investment in a Pennsylvania manufacturing facility that could create as many as 50,000 new jobs. Manufacturing in the U.S. is expensive, however, so tax breaks are going to be a big topic here at home, too. Apple hasn’t said what it plans to build in India, but it would make a lot of sense to open an iPhone manufacturing facility there. The company has only confirmed that it’s “working hard to develop operations in India.” Source WSJ Topics #Apple #Apple Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Nintendo wants you to vote for your favorite Fire Emblem characters Comcast is going to launch a wireless network this year Hideo Kojima’s new studio is as stylish and futuristic as you would expect Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Everything new in iOS 10.3 Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple on Tuesday released a brand new version of its mobile operating system for the iPhone and iPad, but for the time being it’s only available to developers (and anyone else who installs a simple developer profile on his or her device, of course). Following a report earlier this month, the star of the show in iOS 10.3 was expected to be a new “theater mode” feature that allows users to switch their iPhone or iPad interfaces to a dark mode of sorts. Well, as it turns out, theater mode is a new feature headed to the Apple Watch at some point in the near future, and it has nothing to do with the dark mode that users are anxiously awaiting. We already shared Apple’s official iOS 10.3 release notes with you in our post on Tuesday, but the company’s release notes for developers never detail the nifty new user-facing features that get added in new iOS builds. In this post, we’ll run down all of the new features waiting for iPhone and iPad users in iOS 10.3. Don't Miss: iPhone 8: The 5 most exciting changes we expect Find My AirPods: This is definitely the most talked-about new feature in iOS 10.1. A new option in the Find My iPhone app tracks the last known location of each AirPod so that in the event one is lost, the app can show you its last known location on a map. Since individual AirPods are theoretically forgotten somewhere as opposed to stolen, this feature should help people locate missing AirPods more often than not. Of note, AirPods are not equipped with GPS, so the app can only store the last location where an AirPod connected to your iOS device. Apple ID Profile: There is now a new profile section of the Settings app available at the very top of the screen, giving users access to a single page that gives quick access to the iPhone owner’s contact info, security settings, payment information, iCloud, App Store settings Family Sharing settings and more. This page also displays all Apple devices where a user is signed in. Floating iPad keyboard: This feature isn’t available to testers yet, but there’s a hidden setting in iOS 10.3 discovered by developer Steve Troughton-Smith that pops the iPad’s keyboard off of the bottom of the screen and replaces it with a one-handed keyboard that can be dragged around and placed anywhere. And this is iPad's floating keyboard. Both of these are kinda fiddly and awkward and it's not hard to see why they didn't ship as-is pic.twitter.com/YB1q18ei2w — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) January 25, 2017 App Animations: Apple made a subtle change to transition animations that many people likely won’t even notice. As apps open and close in iOS 10.3, they now have more rounded edges. iCloud Storage: A new section at the top of the iCloud settings page gives people a graphical breakdown of how their iCloud storage is being used. Weather in Maps: In the Maps app, users can now 3D Touch the weather icon to see a local forecast for the area. New File System: Installing iOS 10.3 automatically updates an iPhone or iPad so that it uses Apple File System (APFS) instead of HFS+. APFS is better optimized for NAND flash storage and it also supports stronger encryption. A few more behind-the-scenes updates in iOS 10.3 include changes to SiriKit, HomeKit, CarPlay and Analytics. There is also a new feature in iOS 10.3 beta 1 that allows developers to update their app icons remotely without pushing a full app update. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores The Netherlands sent President Trump a welcome video and it’s the most amazing thing ever See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Why Apple wants to power ahead with making… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Malia Obama joins protest Swift, Zayn’s hot video ‘Scandal’ was crazy Yoga mogul’s mysterious death The secret’s out! Did Lincecum march? Business Biz Break: Why Apple is advancing plans to make products in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Punit/ParanjpeAFP Getty Images/ Apple chief executive Tim Cook leaves the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai on May 18, 2016. Apple officials met with Indian government members on Wednesday to discuss terms for the company to build manufacturing facilities in India. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 25, 2017 at 4:39 pm | UPDATED: January 26, 2017 at 4:06 am Top of the Order:   Close. So close: It’s no secret that Apple wants to have a bigger presence in India. Especially when it comes to the iPhone. By many accounts, Apple only has about 2 percent of the smartphone market in India, mainly due to the fact that the iPhone costs way more than the average Indian can afford. But, with Apple’s sales in both the U.S. and China declining, it sees India as a potential gold mine. If the company can crack the market. Related Articles IPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s earnings Elon Musk says his “boring” tunnel plans could start soon Biz Break: GoPro shares go ga-ga on hopes of holiday sales gains Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets getting back on track That’s why Apple executives have been in India this week, and on Wednesday they met with Indian government officials to talk about setting up manufacturing facilities in the country. Apple sees making iPhones in India as having several benefits: It would employ local workers, make it easier to move its products to customers and grease the wheels with the government for opening Apple retail stores in the country. Apple is said to want tax breaks from India, such as a 15-year waiver for taxes on any components or equipment the company needs to bring into the country before it starts building any manufacturing facilities. The Wall Street Journal cited officials close to the talks as saying, “It’s almost a done deal.” Should Apple start building iPhones and other products in India, it would meet Indian government requirements that say companies that want to operate retail stores in the country must also build the products they want to sell within India’s borders. India has given tech companies a three-year waiver on that requirement. But, if Apple wants to make India its next great marketplace, it knows it needs to look out beyond the next three years. Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites. Middle Innings: Pokemon at 10 Paces?:  Remember all those months back when Pokemon Go was the biggest craze in the land? I’m not saying it was years ago, but I believe Bernie Sanders was still a viable presidential candidate when Pokemon Go became the hottest thing on smartphone screens around the country. Now, the Pokemon Co. is back with another game designed to take up all your spare time and draw your attention away from all the political wrangling taking place on social media. It’s called Pokemon Duel. The way the game works is: You set up a team with six Pokemon figures. Since this is Pokemon, there are all kinds of characters with different strengths. Once you get your team together, you compete with players from around the world in what are called “League Matches.” The goal of a match is to get one of your figures over to your opponent’s goal. Pokemon Duel came out Wednesday, is available for Android and Apple iOS devices, and it hasn’t wasted any time gaining popularity. As of the time I am writing this, it is already No. 2 on the free apps chart of Apple’s App Store. Hashtag Backfire: Whether or not you support President Donald Trump, you have to admit, the first five days of the president’s tenure have been active, to say the least. If you need more evidence of that, check your Facebook timeline for all the opinions being thrown around about the new president. And, let’s be honest, there has been a lot of vocal opposition to President Trump’s policies, as well as how he has comported himself in the Oval Office and on his own Twitter account. Since the president is such a fan of tweeting out his thoughts directly to the public, it makes sense that those supporting Trump also would want to use Twitter to show their gratitude toward the president. Hence the hashtag #ThankYouTrump was born late Tuesday by Twitter users in an effort to stir up some positive social-media momentum for the president. #ThankYouTrump for showing the real hypocrisy of the Media and Liberals! pic.twitter.com/DED5bN7hoK — 💯ProudVeteran(Eric) (@Het32000) January 25, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But, as things sometimes go on Twitter, those original intentions got turned inside out. Many Trump opponents have grabbed onto the #ThankYouTrump hashtag and are using it in a sarcastic manner to show how they really feel about President Trump. #ThankYouTrump for making George W. Bush seem smart, Richard Nixon seem honest, & Warren G. Harding seem competent. — Eric Wolfson (@EricWolfson) January 25, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Again, this is after less than one week into the Trump Era. With Trump in office for the next four years, it looks like Twitter’s going to need to invest in a lot more servers and storage in order to handle all the Trump tweets and hashtags to come. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Wednesday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Splunk, QuinStreet, Coupa Software, Synaptics and Intuitive Surgical. In the Red: Decliners included Viavi Solutions, Harmonic, Equinix, Chegg and GoPro. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 1 percent to 5,656.34. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.8 percent to finish the day at 20,068.51. It was the first time the bellwether stock market gauge closed above the 20,000-point mark. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index posted a gain of 0.8 percent to close at 2,298.37. Quote of the Day: She “turned the world on with her smile.” — Just about everyone who commented on the death of actress Mary Tyler Moore, who died Wednesday at the age of 80. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Donald Trump Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Malia Obama joins Dakota Access pipeline protest at Sundance Manhunt: Sheriff’s Office ‘very confident’ Scotts Valley bank robbery suspect arrested 49ers NaVorro Bowman pays tribute to late coach: ‘I felt it was my duty to make his name live forever’ Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas California yoga mogul’s mysterious death: Drunken last hours detailed San Jose cat killer may have to register as sex offender A major benefit to the Warriors’ team chemistry: No losing streaks Ask Amy: I spoke my mind about her girlfriend, then this happened More in Business IPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s earnings January 27, 2017, 4:57 pm Apple is set to release its next quarterly report on Tuesday, and iPhone sales and services will get plenty of attention from investors and analysts. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg wants to mend fences with Hawaiian neighbors after backlash January 27, 2017, 3:24 pm After facing a backlash on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, have chosen to drop lawsuits aimed at compelling hundreds of Hawaiians to sell their land. Tesla’s Elon Musk confesses reaction to his Trump role is getting him ‘down’ January 27, 2017, 3:31 pm Tesla CEO Elon Musk and President Donald Trump have interests that align. Musk’s companies need government incentives, and the president can hold up those companies as examples of U.S. job creation. Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas January 27, 2017, 5:05 pm Good news for tenants: A new analysis shows rents sliding throughout the region, from San Jose to San Francisco and Oakland. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Why Apple wants to power ahead with making… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Malia Obama joins protest Swift, Zayn’s hot video ‘Scandal’ was crazy Yoga mogul’s mysterious death The secret’s out! Did Lincecum march? Business Biz Break: Why Apple is advancing plans to make products in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Punit/ParanjpeAFP Getty Images/ Apple chief executive Tim Cook leaves the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai on May 18, 2016. Apple officials met with Indian government members on Wednesday to discuss terms for the company to build manufacturing facilities in India. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 25, 2017 at 4:39 pm | UPDATED: January 26, 2017 at 4:06 am Top of the Order:   Close. So close: It’s no secret that Apple wants to have a bigger presence in India. Especially when it comes to the iPhone. By many accounts, Apple only has about 2 percent of the smartphone market in India, mainly due to the fact that the iPhone costs way more than the average Indian can afford. But, with Apple’s sales in both the U.S. and China declining, it sees India as a potential gold mine. If the company can crack the market. Related Articles IPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s earnings Elon Musk says his “boring” tunnel plans could start soon Biz Break: GoPro shares go ga-ga on hopes of holiday sales gains Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets getting back on track That’s why Apple executives have been in India this week, and on Wednesday they met with Indian government officials to talk about setting up manufacturing facilities in the country. Apple sees making iPhones in India as having several benefits: It would employ local workers, make it easier to move its products to customers and grease the wheels with the government for opening Apple retail stores in the country. Apple is said to want tax breaks from India, such as a 15-year waiver for taxes on any components or equipment the company needs to bring into the country before it starts building any manufacturing facilities. The Wall Street Journal cited officials close to the talks as saying, “It’s almost a done deal.” Should Apple start building iPhones and other products in India, it would meet Indian government requirements that say companies that want to operate retail stores in the country must also build the products they want to sell within India’s borders. India has given tech companies a three-year waiver on that requirement. But, if Apple wants to make India its next great marketplace, it knows it needs to look out beyond the next three years. Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites. Middle Innings: Pokemon at 10 Paces?:  Remember all those months back when Pokemon Go was the biggest craze in the land? I’m not saying it was years ago, but I believe Bernie Sanders was still a viable presidential candidate when Pokemon Go became the hottest thing on smartphone screens around the country. Now, the Pokemon Co. is back with another game designed to take up all your spare time and draw your attention away from all the political wrangling taking place on social media. It’s called Pokemon Duel. The way the game works is: You set up a team with six Pokemon figures. Since this is Pokemon, there are all kinds of characters with different strengths. Once you get your team together, you compete with players from around the world in what are called “League Matches.” The goal of a match is to get one of your figures over to your opponent’s goal. Pokemon Duel came out Wednesday, is available for Android and Apple iOS devices, and it hasn’t wasted any time gaining popularity. As of the time I am writing this, it is already No. 2 on the free apps chart of Apple’s App Store. Hashtag Backfire: Whether or not you support President Donald Trump, you have to admit, the first five days of the president’s tenure have been active, to say the least. If you need more evidence of that, check your Facebook timeline for all the opinions being thrown around about the new president. And, let’s be honest, there has been a lot of vocal opposition to President Trump’s policies, as well as how he has comported himself in the Oval Office and on his own Twitter account. Since the president is such a fan of tweeting out his thoughts directly to the public, it makes sense that those supporting Trump also would want to use Twitter to show their gratitude toward the president. Hence the hashtag #ThankYouTrump was born late Tuesday by Twitter users in an effort to stir up some positive social-media momentum for the president. #ThankYouTrump for showing the real hypocrisy of the Media and Liberals! pic.twitter.com/DED5bN7hoK — 💯ProudVeteran(Eric) (@Het32000) January 25, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But, as things sometimes go on Twitter, those original intentions got turned inside out. Many Trump opponents have grabbed onto the #ThankYouTrump hashtag and are using it in a sarcastic manner to show how they really feel about President Trump. #ThankYouTrump for making George W. Bush seem smart, Richard Nixon seem honest, & Warren G. Harding seem competent. — Eric Wolfson (@EricWolfson) January 25, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Again, this is after less than one week into the Trump Era. With Trump in office for the next four years, it looks like Twitter’s going to need to invest in a lot more servers and storage in order to handle all the Trump tweets and hashtags to come. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Wednesday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Splunk, QuinStreet, Coupa Software, Synaptics and Intuitive Surgical. In the Red: Decliners included Viavi Solutions, Harmonic, Equinix, Chegg and GoPro. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 1 percent to 5,656.34. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.8 percent to finish the day at 20,068.51. It was the first time the bellwether stock market gauge closed above the 20,000-point mark. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index posted a gain of 0.8 percent to close at 2,298.37. Quote of the Day: She “turned the world on with her smile.” — Just about everyone who commented on the death of actress Mary Tyler Moore, who died Wednesday at the age of 80. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Donald Trump Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Malia Obama joins Dakota Access pipeline protest at Sundance Manhunt: Sheriff’s Office ‘very confident’ Scotts Valley bank robbery suspect arrested 49ers NaVorro Bowman pays tribute to late coach: ‘I felt it was my duty to make his name live forever’ Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas California yoga mogul’s mysterious death: Drunken last hours detailed San Jose cat killer may have to register as sex offender A major benefit to the Warriors’ team chemistry: No losing streaks Ask Amy: I spoke my mind about her girlfriend, then this happened More in Business IPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s earnings January 27, 2017, 4:57 pm Apple is set to release its next quarterly report on Tuesday, and iPhone sales and services will get plenty of attention from investors and analysts. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg wants to mend fences with Hawaiian neighbors after backlash January 27, 2017, 3:24 pm After facing a backlash on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, have chosen to drop lawsuits aimed at compelling hundreds of Hawaiians to sell their land. Tesla’s Elon Musk confesses reaction to his Trump role is getting him ‘down’ January 27, 2017, 3:31 pm Tesla CEO Elon Musk and President Donald Trump have interests that align. Musk’s companies need government incentives, and the president can hold up those companies as examples of U.S. job creation. Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas January 27, 2017, 5:05 pm Good news for tenants: A new analysis shows rents sliding throughout the region, from San Jose to San Francisco and Oakland. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Apple » Apple iPhone 5S » iPhone 5s Review: The Most Affordable iPhone Option in 2017 iPhone 5s Review: The Most Affordable iPhone Option in 2017 Reviews Michael Grothaus 10:15, 27 Jan 2017 Tech Specs The iPhone 5s is 15 months old, but if you do want an iPhone with a 4in display is it still a VIABLE option? We reopen the files to find out Rating:  4.5 Typical Price:  £549.00 Pros:  The blazingly fast 64-bit A7 processor and the M7 motion co-processor. The new camera features are worth it for photo buffs too Cons:  Touch ID is cool, but feature-limited, Still the same 4-inch display and overall design Verdict:  If you have an iPhone 5, the 5s is a worthy reason to upgrade for the A7, M7, and camera. But don’t upgrade just for the Touch ID alone. You’ll be disappointed. If you have any iPhone below the 5, jump ship to the iPhone 5s. It will blow you mind. facebook twitter google+ Apple still sells the smaller iPhone 5s (and iPhone 5c), and if you’re after a smartphone with a smaller display (that's cheaper than the iPhone SE) then the company’s iPhone 5s is the best option –– it has TouchID, a 64-bit CPU, the M7 coprocessor and a very decent camera. And you pick one up for very little outlay in 2017.  Indeed, the iPhone 5s was one of the best handsets released in 2014. It looked great, was constructed from gorgeous, premium build materials and, for a lot of people, was the perfect size for a smartphone being not too big but still perfectly adequate for one-handed use and things like video. Compared to the Nexus 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, however, the iPhone 5s is TINY –– you can fit the 5s inside the screen space of the Nexus 6 for instance. And for many, this leap might be too much to bear. And for this reason alone, a lot of people are still looking to the now-cheaper iPhone 5s.  But the iPhone 5s is not a new phone, not by a young stretch. So, the big question here is this: fifteen months after its original release, is the iPhone 5s still up to task and, more interestingly, does it offer better value for money than its newer, larger counterparts? On the surface this would seem to be the case: the iPhone 5s was one of the most highly praised handsets of 2014, it features TouchID and is plenty powerful.  Below we’re going to take a look at the good and bad points of the iPhone 5s in light of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus release. The point of all of which is to help you decide whether the iPhone 5s is viable option as your next phone over the more expensive iPhone 6. Right, let’s do this! The Good Both models of the iPhone 6/iPhone 7 not only have a higher screen resolution than the iPhone 5s, they also feature advanced display technology like dual-domain pixels, which give you wider viewing angles and (almost) 40% better contrast ratio. However, given the iPhone 5s has less screen real estate (whether or not that is a good thing is entirely subjective) it’s arguable that any user without the sharpest eye wouldn’t notice a difference. Indeed, when I was visiting family over the holidays and compared my iPhone 6 to my brother’s iPhone 5s, I couldn’t tell a difference in the screens. And when I saw the iPhone 5s compared to some of my friend’s Windows Phones and Android phones, the display still looked far superior. Granted, that could be because the all-aluminum design of the iPhone 5s still makes the phone one of the best looking in history. In the end though, though 4-inch iPhones are falling out of favour, the display on the iPhone 5s is still amazing and if you like your smartphones on the smaller size, the iPhone 5s is the one to get. Another thing that holds up well in the iPhone 5s are the A7 and M7 coprocessors. Sure, the A7 is a technically inferior chip compared to the iPhone 6’s A8 processor, but because it’s also a 64-bit chip it still kills it when it comes to running processor-intensive apps and games. I can’t tell a bit of difference when running a power-hungry app like Apple’s Pages word processor on the iPhone 5s versus the iPhone 6. But perhaps the biggest reason the iPhone 5s is still holding up so well--and is still great choice for a smartphone-- is thanks to iOS 8. The operating system runs much better on the iPhone 5s than iOS 7 ever did. Matter of fact, compare and iPhone 5s running iOS 7 and one running iOS 8 to each other and I swear the speed differences will make you think the two phones are physically different hardware. And let’s talk about the iPhone 5s’ Touch ID. The fingerprint sensor was first unveiled on the 5s and was its flagship feature. At the time it was revolutionary--but it was also quite limited, only allowing you to unlock your iPhone and confirm downloads through the App and iTunes Stores. But now thanks to iOS 8 the Touch ID is now available to third-party apps, which gives it a whole new level of usefulness on the iPhone 5s. This makes the 5s itself more relevant today than it was upon its release in 2013.  Showing Its Age But just because the iPhone 5s has a lot going for it still doesn’t mean it’s not showing its age. My biggest beef with it is its level of storage, or lack thereof. When the iPhone 5s originally came out it was available in 16, 32, and 64 GB sizes. However, in typical Apple fashion, the company cut the then-high-end 64GB model when it relegated the 5s to second class citizen with the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (which now come in 16, 64, and 128 GB sizes). That means if you want an iPhone 5s, you are limited to the almost-useless 16 GB storage option or the bare-minimum-for-usefulness 32GB size. By 2015 standards, that’s not a lot. Another thing that causes the iPhone 5s to show its age is the lack of NFC. Now that the iPhone 6 has NFC, which is used in conjunction with the Touch ID to make mobile payments via Apple Pay, the lack of NFC on the iPhone 5s makes it clear the 5s is no longer “future proof”. Apple Pay and NFC are the future of iPhones and getting a 5s means those features are never going to be in your future.  The camera on the 5s is also starting to show its age. Yes, it’s got the same 8MP sensor and five-element lens of the camera in the iPhone 6, but on the iPhone 6 Apple really tweaked out the software with something called “Focus Pixels”. This is software that works with the 8MP sensor, which allows it to obtain more information about the image you are photographing. What this means in real world terms is that the iPhone 6 camera autofocuses much faster than that in the iPhone 5s. And compare night shots taken with the iPhone 6 to that of the 5s and you’ll see how much better software tweaks makes the camera in the iPhone 6. Besides the storage and camera shortcomings, the iPhone 5s also lacks some other things the iPhone 6--and all future phones will have--including a barometer built into the motion processor (this allows your iPhone to know if you are climbing a flight of stairs; useful for fitness buffs) and 802.11ac wireless connectivity. Most people won’t miss either of these, but their lack is a reminder that the 5s is an aging device. Battery The iPhone 5s’ battery isn’t great. It will do a full day with careful management but anything remotely resembling heavy usage will require a decent top up at some point in the afternoon to see you through until bedtime. This has always been the case with iPhones, and it’s a similar tale for the iPhone 5 and the iPhone 5c. But Apple attempted to fix this with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus –– and to a large extent it succeeded. The iPhone 6, arguably the more popular handset of the two, has around 25% better battery life than the iPhone 5s; the iPhone 6 Plus is even better and will easily deliver a good day and a bit of charge with heavy use. Despite its additional size, battery life is a huge USP for the iPhone 6 Plus. It was the main reason I choose it over the iPhone 6 when upgrading my old phone and why I think a lot of people throughout 2015 will do the same. All day battery life (a thing iPhone users have wanted for YEARS) is now a reality on iPhone –– you just have to get a pretty big handset to experience it.  Cost and Verdict Apple sells the iPhone 5s unlocked for £459 (16 GB) and £499 (32 GB), though sometimes you can get the entry-level model free on contract from various carriers now. Now, we’ve done our brief re-evaluation of the iPhone 5s’ ups and downs, the BIG question still remains: should you get one? That’s a tricky question. The answer is “yes” if a 4-inch display is enough for you (and anything larger is just too big). However, if you are debating over whether to get the iPhone 5s or the iPhone 6 on anything other than display size, I would suggest going with the iPhone 6 if you are the type of person that keeps a smartphone for a few years.  The iPhone 5s was a great phone for 2013 and 2014 and is a fine phone for 2015, but once 2016 rolls around and NFC payments and 64 GB storage are the norm, your iPhone 5s is quickly going to feel very limited. You can read our original review of the iPhone 5s over on Page 2.  Specifications Length 123.8mm Width 58.6mm Thickness 7.6 mm Weight 112 g Screen Size 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 inches (~326 ppi pixel density) Operating System Apple iOS 7 Camera Resolution 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED (True Tone) flash. Features: 1/3'' sensor size, 1.5 µm pixel size, simultaneous HD video and image recording, touch focus, geo-tagging, face detection, HDR panorama, HDR photo Video Resolution Yes, 1080p@30fps, 720p@120fps, advanced video stabilization Processor Apple A7 Connectivity Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, Wi-Fi hotspot, Bluetooth 4.0 High-speed Data DC-HSDPA, 42 Mbps; HSDPA, 21 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps, LTE, 100 Mbps; EV-DO Rev. A, up to 3.1 Mbps Built-in Memory 16GB, 32GB, 64GB, no SD-support Pages 1 2 next › last » Read More About: Apple iOS Apple iPhone 5S Apple iOS 7 Apple iPhone 5C Sponsored Links Related content Chrome vs Safari: Best Web Browser For iPhone? Best Tablets and Hybrid PCs For 2017 The BEST Apple TV Alternatives 4.5 iPhone 5s Review: Starting To Show Its Age Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs. iPhone 7 Plus Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 8 100% Coming In 2017: Release Date & Specs Rumours Mobile Phones Buying A Reconditioned iPhone: Best Places To Shop Online Mobile Phones Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 4 Huawei Mate 9 Review: BIG, Bold & Very Clever Reviews 5 Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Reviews 4 Google Chromecast Review: An Apple TV Killer? Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > DT Daily > Apple moves forward with India production plans as… Apple moves forward with India production plans as iPhone sales lag By Bill Roberson — January 25, 2017 11:38 AM Share Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends This won’t make someone’s day very great Apple is looking to ramp up their manufacturing efforts… in India. Despite all the news lately about Apple perhaps moving some iPhone creation operations to the U.S. – per President Trump’s efforts to bring more manufacturing stateside – it looks more likely that Cupertino will indeed ramp up operations in India, where the iPhone is a relative outlier in a market dominated by Chinese and Korean phone makers. Of course, the reason companies like Xiaomi, Oppo and Samsung are big in India is because their phones are relatively inexpensive, so if Apple does indeed spool up manufacturing there, does that mean perhaps a new tier of more inexpensive iPhones could be in the works? Time will tell, but it’s a huge market that Tim Cook and company are certainly eager to expand into, so stay tuned. No, “H-P” does not stand for “hot potato” Samsung isn’t the only company struggling with pesky batteries: H-P has just expanded a recall for laptop batteries that the CPSC says pose “fire and burn hazards” if they overheat. The laptops – there’s a full list here – were sold between March 2013 and 2016, and include several popular models. All told, the latest recall adds over 100,000 computers and batteries to the overall recall, which initially started with about 40,000 units last June. H-P says the recall affects less than 1 percent of the total number of laptops they sold in that 3-year timeframe, but as we’ve seen from the disasters a defective phone battery can cause, it’s better to not take chances. H-P says that if you do have a laptop with a defective battery to NOT USE IT on battery power and instead use the AC adapter at all times. H-P says they will replace any battery in the recall free of charge, so check here to see if your computer is on the list. Samsung, reloaded We talked yesterday about how, for better or worse, Samsung has confirmed they will be making a Galaxy Note 8, but the news today is about a phone that’s gonna be here sooner than later: the new Galaxy S8 flagship. According to Android Headlines, the phone will come in two sizes; a 5.7 “regular” model and a 6.3-inch “Plus” version with an AMOLED screen that should be awesome in a Gear VR headset. Photos on their site suggest an edge-to-edge display with slim bezels top and bottom, and a massive 4200 milliamp-hour battery with special “heat pipe” cooling. But perhaps the biggest news is that the phone will pack a Siri-like assistant called Bixby. Bixby is a result of Samsung’s 2016 purchase of A-I builder Viv, the company that is also responsible for Siri. We’ve got more details here so if you’re a Galaxy fan, check it out. Share
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile News iOS 10 release date, features and rumours: Apple patches malicious code bug in iOS 10 iOS 10 release date, features and rumours: Apple patches malicious code bug in iOS 10 Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Dale Walker, Ingrid Fadelli, Rene Millman, Adam Shepherd, Jane McCallion, Joe Curtis, Nicole Kobie, Rene Millman, Caroline Preece, Aaron Lee News 25 Jan, 2017 iOS 10.2.1 will stop hackers from accessing devices remotely iOS 10 was announced at WWC in June, with an immediate developer beta release, followed by a public beta release in July. The first completed release will be available to download from 13 September. Here we round up all of the latest news and rumours about Apple's newest mobile OS and break down its key features. At-a-glance iOS 10 will be released on 13 September Developer preview and public beta available now It has 10 key features revamped, with the user experience front of mind Much of the functionality has been opened up to developers See related  iPhone 7 UK release date, specs and price: What are your network and colour options? iPad Air 3: release date, rumours, specs & pricing: Apple to launch three iPad models in 2017 Apple September 2016 Special Event live blog: Apple Watch 2, iPhone 7 release date and prices Top 10 iPhone tips iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s: head to head Jump to iOS 10 latest news iOS 10 release date iOS 10 price iOS 10 features iOS 10 news 25/01/2017: Apple has released an update for iOS 10 that will prevent hackers from accessing devices. iOS 10.2.1 will prevent criminals from unlocking a device remotely or accessing the kernel, which could allow them to "execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges," for iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later and iPod touch 6th generation and later. It will also fix flaws in WebKit, Wi-Fi and Contacts to stop anyone using security holes to access the device remotely. “[The flaw] can add files, delete files, or execute any actions,” Malwarebytes senior security researcher JP Taggart told Wired. “Want to record conversations and forward them to someone else? It can do that. Want to install additional malicious software? It can do that. Want to uninstall programs on the affected phone? It can do that. Want to hide these actions, programs and files from the user? It can do that too.” Reassuringly for Apple fans, the security flaw doesn't appear to have actually been used by any malicious actors, so those who haven't applied the update yet are probably not at risk. However, as its existance is now out in the open, they should update as soon as possible. The same flaw could be used via other Apple apps including iTunes, Safari, macOS Sierra, plus the operating system used for Apple TV and Apple Watch, which have all now been updated as well, meaning it was probably quite a widespread problem. 09/01/2017: Three quarters of iPhones and iPads now run on iOS 10, according to Apple's latest official figures - a significant jump on November's figures, which showed it running on 63% of iPhones and iPads. They also showed that 18% of devices are still running iOS 9 with the remaining 6% stuck on older versions of the operating system. The reason behind this increase is thought to be due to the Christmas season, with people buying others a shiny new iPhone or iPad replacement, as well as existing customers having time between Christmas and New Year to sit down and upgrade their device. Although the metrics seem to be encouraging for Apple, they're only 1% higher than iOS 9 was at this point last year, showing people aren't necessarily jumping at the chance of getting their hands on iOS 10. Independent company Mixpanel showed iOS 10 adoption running at just over 50% back in October, although more recent figures are yet to be released. 13/12/2016: Apple has released the latest version of iPhone software; iOS 10.2, packed with new features and some welcome bug fixes. The update brings a host of new additions to the platform, including an expanded emoji set and the Apple TV app. iOS 10.2 is a free download available to iPhone 5 or later models, iPad 4th generation or later, and iPod touch 6th generation or later. The update can be downloaded by connecting your device to iTunes or manually updating through the 'Software Update' menu in 'Settings'. The download should begin and restart your phone automatically. Emojis: Over 100 new emojis have been added with iOS 10.2, according to Apple, including a facepalm, a selfie symbol, and male and female variants of professions like firefighters and judges. The new symbols can't be sent to users on Android, although they do work on web versions of Facebook and Twitter. Apple TV: The new Apple TV app, currently only available in the US, provides a home for all your live and on-demand TV content, bringing together a number of apps such as Netflix, into one viewing platform. The app shows recommendations for new TV shows and movies, and highlights upcoming releases available in the 'Store'. Camera improvements: Additions to camera software have also been made, including improved stablisation and a fix to an iPhone 7 plus bug that would cause the zoom function to stop working. Some changes have been made to the way albums are curated, providing greater accuracy of grouped photos in 'People' and 'Memories' folders. New message effects: Two new full screen message effects have been added to iMessage, adding to those already included in iOS 10 such as 'send with balloons'. The new effects are 'Send with Love', which creates a big heart on screen, and 'Celebrate', which causes an explosion of sparks. New wallpapers: Three new wallpapers have been added for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus customers, known as Droplet Blue, Droplet Red and Droplet Yellow. There are also a host of other smaller improvements such as better Bluetooth performance across third party devices, easier to use controls in the Music app, and a range of bug fixes. Users have reported a range of battery issues on 10.1.1, including inaccurate remaining percentages and phones suddenly dropping from 30% to 0%. IT Pro has reached out to Apple to clarify whether the new update fixes these issues, and we will update you when we hear more. Picture courtesy of Apple 30/11/2016: iOS 10.1.1 is causing massive battery drain issues Users of the recently released iOS 10.1.1 are reporting severe battery problems as a result of the update, in some cases displaying incorrect charge percentages or devices shutting down at random. Apple support forums are awash with angry customers, who claim that iPhones running the latest iOS 10 update are suddenly dropping from 30% charge to 1% in an instant. Users are able to turn the device back on, which then functions as normal for a few hours. "Shutting the phone down at night with a good 80% charge, it won't reboot in the morning due to no battery charge," said one forum user. "I plug it in and its back to 30% in a few seconds." Other users have reported batteries suddenly giving out despite the device showing a 50% remaining charge. Most users are citing a recent update to iOS 10.1.1 as the culprit. *unplugs 100% charged iphone* *slides to unlock* battery 43% — Deejay (@DeejayCombs) November 26, 2016 @AppleSupport %uD83D%uDE21 what's the issue with iOS 10.1.1? Battery just dies under 30% on both iPhone and iPad, where's the fix? — ... (@DLovette_) November 20, 2016 "Last year I bought an iPhone 6S, currently updated with iOS 10.1.1," said another user. "The battery fails between 20 and 40% of capability. Apple support answers that I have to wait for the next iOS version." The issue appears to be affecting a range of iPhone models, from the iPhone 4 through to the newest iPhone 7 Plus. Although a beta version for iOS 10.2 is now available, it seems updating to this has not resolved the issue for some users. Apple has yet to offer an explanation or a solution to the battery problem, and there is no guarantee that rolling back to iOS 10 will fix the issue. IT Pro has reached out to Apple for comment but has yet to receive a reply. This latest fault comes just a week after Apple offered replacement batteries to customers after reports that iPhone 6S devices were shutting down at random. 01/11/2016: Apple releases first iOS 10.2 beta to developers Apple is now releasing the beta for iOS 10.2 to developers, just a month after the launch of iOS 10. The update should include bug fixes, new tools and general improvements as well as new emojis, wallpapers, camera settings, video widgets and an emergency contacts feature. The new camera setting includes a Preserve Settings option, through which users will be able to maintain their last camera mode or photo filter, and decide whether to keep Live Photos on or off. The new beta also allows Apple Music users sort their playlists by type, title or recently added. The previous update, 10.1, also introduced several new features, such as a new Portrait photography mode for the iPhone 8's dual-camera system. Registered developers can download the new beta for iOS 10.2 from the Apple Developer Center. 28/10/2016: Apple tried to embarrass Google at its 'Hello Again' event yesterday, by comparing the percentage of iOS users and Android users on the latest versions of the respective operating systems. Apple's pie charts (included below) suggested that 60% of iPhone and iPad owners are on iOS 10, while less than 1% of Android users are on Nougat (Android 7). Moreover, it reported that 32% of iOS users are running iOS 9 on their phone, while only 8% are using earlier iOS versions. This was compared to 19% of Android users using Android 6, and 80% running even older versions of the operating system. Apple meant to highlight how iOS updates are perceived as more reliable by Apple device users, while users with a phone that runs on Android are less eager to update their software. Statistics from Netmarketshare comparing the total market share of different versions of Android, as well as other mobile OSes' shares, seem to report similar numbers. The stats show Android 7, included in the pie chart in the 'Other' segment, runs on a small minority of users' smartphones, representing 0.12% of the total share market.  However, not all smartphone makers have brought Android 7 to their devices yet, meaning many users don't have access to it.  20/10/2016: Today, Apple released the fifth iOS 10.1 beta to developers and beta testers. This is the second beta released in one week. In future, 10.1 for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus should include a feature called Portrait camera, which applies a DSLR-like special effect over photos. This tool should only work on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, as it requires the dual camera system. This feature was introduced at Apple’s keynote this month, but has only been released for developer betas and has not yet been made available to the public. Apple’s iOS 10.1 beta 5 weighs 1.95GB and is one of the largest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus betas released so far. Similarly to the few previous 10.1 betas, the fifth beta does not appear to contain any fixes. However, it should include some considerable changes. Along with the fifth iOS 10.1 beta, Apple also released the fifth macOS Sierra 12.1 beta. 20/09/2016: Since iOS 10 was launched, enterprise networked traffic has increased significantly, demonstrating the operating system has proven a popular choice for business users. Exponential-e's analysis revealed the Apple originating traffic running over corporate networks was five times its usual levels on Wednesday 14th September, the day after the update was revealed. The company suggested business users were rushing to install and try out the platform's new features. In total, enterprise network traffic increased by 30 per cent, which put extra demand on cloud services and data centres. This trend continued the days after iOS 10 was released, with three times the normal Apple traffic on September 15th and double traffic coming from Apple devices on September 16th. "As Apple seeks to defend its dominance in the smartphone market, it continues to set the rhythm of the industry," Andrew Chant, head of networks at Exponential-e said. "With the rise of mobile employees that are connecting their own devices to the workplace WiFi, organisations and carriers need to be prepared and expect to see a significant increase in network activity when Apple releases the latest iOS update." Despite some people installing iOS 10 reporting the update destroyed their iPhones, this doesn't seem to have deterred business users. However, this extra traffic put pressure on many companies' networks and demonstrates the need for robust infrastructure to support spikes. "While it’s inevitable that accessing and downloading services on the same underlying infrastructure will spark an increase in data traffic, organisations need to be prepared with a scalable foundation that provides low latency and low-jitter connectivity to avoid any significant impact.” 14/09/2016: It's the curse of early adopters: many people who updated to iOS 10 yesterday over Wi-Fi were hit with a series of confusing warning messages, though Apple has already addressed them.  Users reported that after they updated, their iPhone told them to connect it to a PC to update with iTunes, which simply brought another error message saying "There is a problem with the iPhone... that requires it to be updated or restored." To avoid the issue, make sure you have the latest version of iTunes installed.  If you are hit by the problem, you'll see a message on your iPhone telling you to plug it in to a PC so it can connect to iTunes. Your phone will then ask you to update or restore; clicking update will run the iOS 10 installation again.  Apple has already addressed the issue. "We experienced a brief issue with the software update process, affecting a small number of users during the first hour of availability," Apple said in a statement. "The problem was quickly resolved and we apologise to those customers. Anyone who was affected should connect to iTunes to complete the update or contact AppleCare for help." 13/09/2016: iOS 10 will finally be released to iPhone and iPad users at 6pm GMT this evening, just ahead of the iPhone 7's official retail launch this Friday. As usual, device owners will be able to download the new operating system as a free software update from the iOS settings menu. Fans are warned that they may face a long wait, however, as day-one demand for Apple's latest OS has historically outstripped the company's server capacity. Waiting until Thursday or Friday may lead to shorter overall download times. 09/09/2016: Beta users of iOS 10 can now get their hands on the final version of the operating system. Apple has released the golden master (GM) to users on its Beta program, less than a week before the official release ends up in the hands of consumers. The GM build should be the same software that will download to user's Mac, barring any last minute critical flaws. That version will be available from 13 September. To get your hands on this version you need to sign up to Apple's beta testing program to receive the OS as an over-the-air update.  07/09/2016 UPDATE: iOS 10 will be available to download from 13 September, Apple has announced. The new OS will also come pre-loaded on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, which are available themselves for pre-order on 9 September and hit shelves one week later on 16 September. 07/09/2016: Today could finally be the day the world gets to experience a full, finished version of iOS 10. The operating system is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, both of which should make their debut at Apple's Special Event in San Francisco, which starts at 6.00pm UK time. At this point, the features of the new operating system are largely established - you can read more about the 10 most important updates here - but this will be the first time people get to experience the new OS on their own devices as a stable release. To find out iOS 10's general release date, as well as all the news about the iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 and macOS Sierra, follow our Apple Event Live Blog from 5.30pm BST. 06/09/2016: Despite the final version not yet being released, iOS 10 has already been jailbroken. Luca Todesco, also known as qwertyoruiop, has uploaded a video showing a jailbreak of iOS 10 Beta 8. The jailbreak is known as yaluX and it works on iOS devices with an A7 and higher processor. According to a report by iClarified, this is not the first jailbreak of iOS 10, as Pangu Team and iH8Sn0w have also demoed their jailbreaks too. It is not known if the jailbreak is publicly available but the publication speculated that this would be released shortly after the operating system becomes available. 29/08/2016: Apple has confirmed its 2016 Special Event will take place on 7 September. The event is expected to herald the launch of the iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 and a number of other devices. It could also be when the final release date of iOS 10 is announced. The new mobile operating system is normally released at the same time as Apple's new flagship iPhone. For 2016 and iOS 10, this could mean either 7 September at the Apple keynote or 16 September when, according to reliable leaker Evan Blass, the iPhone 7 will go on sale - typically, the new versions iOS have become available at the same time as a new flagship iPhone is released. IT Pro will be covering the Apple Special Event live on 7 September. 22/08/2016: The rapid release cycle for iOS 10 betas continues, with Developer Beta 7 and Public Beta 6 dropping over the weekend. The betas feature "bug fixes and improvements", according to the release notes, but no major new features. This is not entirely surprising given the OS is set for release this autumn. Indeed, if rumours are to be believed, the final version could be with us within two-to-three weeks, when the iPhone 7 launches. Traditionally, Apple has launched the new mobile OS to the general public alongside its new flagship phone, which comes pre-loaded with the software. It is generally expected this year's Special Event will take place in the second week of September, potentially Tuesday 13. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are anticipated to launch, alongside the Apple Watch 2 and a number of other devices. iOS will work with iPhones and iPads, although the extent of backward compatibility is uncertain. With the iPhone 5s having been superceded by the iPhone SE this spring, it's possible the stalwart 4in smartphone won't receive this latest update. Similarly, older iPad Minis and iPad Airs may also miss out. 10/08/2016: Just days after the release of the fourth Developer Beta, Apple has seeded Developer Beta 5 and Public Beta 4 within hours of each other. As with previous rounds, Beta 5 is a set of updates, rather than a single release for iOS 10 and applies to macOS Sierra, watchOS 3 and tvOS 10 as well. For iOS Developer Beta 5, Apple has introduced a number of new features for iPad and iPhone, the most notable of which are a significant overhaul of the Music app, with Control Center, Notification Center and Lock Screen all receiving a refresh as well. According to 9to5Mac, these changes include a new input icon in Apple Music and the rest of the iOS 10 interface, darker backgrounds for third-party widgets in the Notification Center (Apple's own widgets still have a translucent white background), and the locking sound for the device sounds "kind of like a door closing". The release of iOS Developer Beta 5 is somewhat ahead of schedule, arriving just one week after the release of Developer Beta 4, whereas Apple normally leaves two weeks between releases. Public Beta 4 is even further ahead of schedule, in relative terms, arriving just a few hours after Developer Beta 5, rather than a full day. iOS 10 is expected to launch in its final form in September, alongside the iPhone 7. 08/08/2016: With anticipation for the iPhone 7 reaching fever pitch ahead of its September release date, plenty of people will be queuing to buy Apple's new flagship device as soon as it hits the shops. But what about those of us who are stuck on older versions of the iPhone, or indeed the iPad? Will we still be able to take advantage of some of the smartphone's new features? The answer is yes if you've got a device that will support iOS 10, the latest operating system that will run on the iPhone 7. While plenty of the iPhone 7's expected benefits come from the hardware itself (such as the wireless headphones and improved battery life), many others come from iOS 10. The OS includes 100 new emojis (currently available in its developer preview) and a much smarter Siri, as well as the ability to use a stylus or even your finger to handwrite messages to your friends. There's just one catch -- you must have a compatible device. With operating systems becoming far chunkier and advanced, your phone must have the memory to run the OS and the hardware to support it. The good news is, most iPhones and iPads do support iOS 10. Every iPhone from the iPhone 5 and upwards can run it, while iPad mini 2, 3 and 4 support it, as do the iPad Air and the iPad Air 2, as well as both iPad Pro models. Even the iPod touch 6th generation can run it.  Those with devices older than that, sadly you're going to have to upgrade in order to run iOS 10.  iOS 10 release date iOS 10 was made available as a developer preview following the Apple WWDC keynote on 13th June, with a public beta launched in July. The final, or Golden Master, is available from 9 Septmber through Apple's Beta Program. The free upgrade for general users is released on 13 September 2016, following the iPhone 7's reveal on 7 September.  iOS 10 price When available as a free upgrade, it will work on iPhone 5 and later devices, all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, in addition to fourth generation iPad and later models, iPad mini 2 and later and iPod touch sixth generation onwards. More information is available at Apple's iOS 10 preview site.  iOS 10 features Apple spent a great deal of time going through key iOS 10 features during its WWDC keynote, covering a range of use cases and pleasing developers and end users alike. "iOS 10 is our biggest release ever, with delightful new ways to express yourself in Messages, a native app for home automation and beautifully redesigned apps for Music, Maps, and News that are more intuitive and more powerful, making everything you love about your iPhone and iPad even better," said Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. "iOS 10 adds Siri intelligence into QuickType and Photos, automates your home with the new Home app and opens up Siri, Maps, Phone and Messages to developers -- while increasing security and privacy with powerful technologies like Differential Privacy." Messaging The most frequently used iOS app is messages, according to Apple. So it's no surprise it has gone to town in revamping this element in iOS 10. New elements here include powerful animations, features to better reflect tone and more extensive use of and support for Emojis.  Siri By opening Siri up to developers in iOS 10, Apple is ensuring that users will benefit from an even better experience. SiriKit means developers can work across a broad range of features, harnessing the intelligence and power Siri offers and making apps even better for the people who use them the most.  Maps reimagined Maps have been given more than a lick of paint in iOS 10. They are also much easier and more intuitive to use. OpenTable and Uber, to pick just two examples, become much more advanced apps with iOS 10 as users can book services directly from withing Maps rather than having to exit and return. Maps will then learn from that experience to proactively deliver guidance based on where you might want or need to go next.  Photos app AI will again be utilised heavily here to ensure the memories that matter most to users are at their fingertips. Memories will scan all the pics and videos you've taken and present them in a way that makes you think back to that time fondly. It can do this thanks to advanced computer vision, which connects the dots between people, places and things inside your device's albums.  Smarter home with HomeKit Users can more effectively control their home environments with advanced controls that add smart elements at the touch of a button or voice command. Almost 100 home automation products have already adopted HomeKit in 2016, proving the appeal of this kind of technological innovation.  Apple Music and News Music and News have also been given a makeover in iOS 10. Both are designed to offer the user more but without the need to get to grips with something new. In particular, Apple Music's Browse, For You and Library features are designed to connect users with the tunes that matter most and will most impact them.  Other features  There is also a range of other tweaks to excite users. These include: Ability to set a regular sleep schedule with the Bedtime Alarm Apple Pay support for purchases on select websites, which can be authenticated via Apple Watch or iPhone Integration for third-party VoIP calls, voicemail transcription and caller ID extension to avoid spam Safari split-view for iPad, Notes collaboration and Live Photos editing QuickType features such as contextual predictions that harness power of Siri's intelligence Read more about Mobile Apps Smartphones Apple IOS iOS 10 iPhone iPad WWDC iPhone 7 View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Mobile Why virtual reality is big for business In-depth Samsung Galaxy Note 7 price, specs, features: Samsung profits surge despite Galaxy Note 7 woes Rumours Android Wear 2.0 release date and features: Google partners with LG to launch two new smartwatches Rumours Ofcom fines EE £2.7m for overcharging 40,000 customers News Apple raises App Store prices by 25% thanks to Brexit News Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi gets AI Desktop Hardware Samsung Galaxy S8 price, specs, release date & features: Galaxy S8 revealed in new leaks Smartphones TechUK: A “disorderly” Brexit would harm tech sector Public Sector Court upholds Microsoft's data privacy victory Data Protection 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life Adam Mills01/23/2017 iOS 10 problems still include battery life issues and today we want to show you how to potentially fix bad battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch if you’re running iOS 10. Advertisement In September, Apple released its iOS 10 operating system for select iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models around the world. Since then, the company’s pushed several updates to iOS 10 users. These updates have delivered new features and bug fixes for lingering iOS 10 problems. And while many iOS 10 issues have been eradicated, many remain. iOS 10.2 and iOS 10.2.1 users are complaining about a number of frustrating issues including abnormal battery drain. So iOS 10.2 got my phone burning up and battery dying fast so wassup ? @AppleSupport @Apple @AppleNews @appleinsider @AppleEDU — Keith Terry🏀 (@Life_of_Hooping) January 9, 2017 iOS 10.2 is a bit buggy, never mind the battery drain. Fix this please @AppleSupport Advertisement — Brian (@brianlian) January 6, 2017 iOS 10.2 kills my #iPhone at 50% remaining battery every time! @AppleSupport please create a new update to fix this or I'm leaving @Apple — Harriet Downes (@HCDownes) December 31, 2016 Advertisement Abnormal battery drain is a common iOS problem and it pops up every time Apple releases an update for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. iOS updates aren’t supposed to have a negative effect on your device’s battery life so we’re not surprised to see some iPhone and iPad users expressing frustration with Apple’s latest operating system. How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life If your iOS 10 battery life fails to settle down after a couple of days with the new update on board, you have a problem. Fortunately, there are more than a few potential remedies for iOS 10 battery life issues out there. This guide will show you how to potentially fix bad iOS 10 battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Battery drain issues can be tricky but these fixes have worked well for us, and others, in the past. Keep them in mind as we push away from the iOS 10 release date. Battery life issues can popup at any time. Check Your Apps Before you blame iOS 10 for your battery troubles, note that there’s a very good chance it’s something else causing the battery drain on your iPhone or iPad. If your battery life starts acting up with iOS 10 on board, the first place to look is at your collection of applications. There’s a very good chance an app, or apps, is hogging your device’s resources and causing the problem. The first place you’ll want to look is your Settings. Go into Settings > Battery and get familiar with the Battery Usage tool that arrived with the iOS 9 update in 2015. This tool will show you what apps are eating the most battery and when. Look for something out of the ordinary. If you do see something odd, check the App Store for an update. Developers are rolling out bug fixes and iOS 10 support updates that could improve performance. If an update fails to cure the issue, try reinstalling or uninstalling the app completely to see if that helps settle your device’s battery. Use Low Power Mode If you haven’t been using iOS’ built-in Low Power Mode, now would be a good time to get familiar with this important feature. The iOS 9 update delivered a new feature called Low Power Mode. It’s important because it allows you to stretch out the last 10-20% of battery life on your device without having to make a bunch of manual changes. To enable Low Power Mode on your device go to Settings > Battery > Low Power Mode > On. This feature will help you conserve a few hours of battery life. Start using this feature on a regular basis. Use Airplane Mode If you suddenly start experiencing rapid battery drain, it might be because you’re in an area with poor cellular coverage. When you are in a bad service area, your iPhone or iPad will work hard to try and find a signal. This can cause your battery to drain rapidly. This is a perfect time to flip on Airplane Mode. Airplane Mode is found at the very top of your Settings and it will kill all of your connections when turned on. If you’ve done any air travel during the past few years, you’re probably familiar with the feature. Once you’ve entered a new service area, turn Airplane Mode off and you should notice an improvement to your device’s battery life. Disable iCloud Keychain If you don’t use iCloud Keychain, try disabling it to see if that improves battery life. This has worked for a number of people in the past. To disable iCloud Keychain on your device, you’ll want to go into Settings > iCloud > Keychain > Toggle iCloud Keychain off. If it doesn’t have a positive impact on battery, you can always toggle it back on when you need it again. Limit Background App Refresh Do you need your apps to automatically refresh in the background? No? Well then you might want to try disabling the Background App Refresh feature on your device. It could help you conserve battery life. Background App Refresh is handy because it will allows your apps to show you the latest data once you open them. It can also be a resource hog. If you don’t use or care about this feature, go to Settings > General > Background App Refresh > and turn it off for each app that is using too much power. It’s going to be an extremely tedious process for some of you but it could help your battery life. You can also turn the feature off completely if you don’t want to go through your list of applications one by one. If this doesn’t help, you can turn the feature back on for all of your apps or some of them. Manage Your Display Apple’s mobile devices use sensors to adjust the screen automatically in certain lighting environments. Sometimes these sensors work, sometimes they’re a little off. A bright screen can eat up battery life so we recommend getting a handle on your device’s display. First, try turning Auto Brightness off. To do this, go into Settings > Display & Brightness > Auto-Brightness > Off. Once you shut it off, you’ll have to adjust your screen brightness manually. this is easy with iOS 10. You can adjust it in your Settings in the Display & Brightness menu or you can simply swipe up from the bottom of the screen to bring up Control Center. Swipe up and you’ll see a bar that stretches across the length of the first Control Center card. Use it to adjust screen brightness. Restart Your iPhone or iPad If you’re looking for a quick fix, try a simple restart. Hold down the power button for a few seconds and swipe to shut the device down. Hold down the power button again to boot the device back up. Sometimes, this dislodges battery life issues. You can also try a hard reset. To do that, hold down the home button and the power button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) for about 10 seconds. The device will restart itself. This won’t remove any data. Reset All Settings If none of these fixes help, it’s time to take more drastic measures to fix your bad iOS 10 battery life. The first solution we recommend is a reset of your settings. To do this, go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings and then enter your passcode. If you don’t have a passcode enabled, you obviously don’t need to replicate that step. This process should take five minutes or more and it will restore your settings to their factory defaults. So, make sure you have all of your Wi-Fi passwords handy because your phone or tablet will forget them. Downgrade to an Older Version of iOS 10 If you’d rather drop down to an older version of iOS you can do that. For a limited time. If you can’t tolerate iOS 10’s performance, you can drop back down to an older version to see if that improves your devices battery life. The downgrade loophole will only be open for a short time so you’ll need to act quickly if you want to make the move. For more on the process, take a look at our downgrade walkthrough. Restore the iOS 10 Update If you have a bunch of free time on your hands you can try a restore on your iPhone or iPad. This step should only be used as a last resort because it will temporarily erase everything on your device and could take awhile to complete. You can try restoring from your backup after you install iOS 10. If your iOS 10 battery life issues return after the restore, you will want to try this method again without restoring from your backup. Here’s how to do this on an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch: Plug in and backup to the computer or to iCloud. Turn off Find My iPhone – Settings -> iCloud -> Find my iPhone -> Off. In iTunes Click Restore. Follow the prompts and the iPhone will reinstall iOS 10 from scratch. When it completes click Restore from Backup to put your information back on the iPhone or Choose to set up as a new iPhone. Talk to Apple Support Online You might also want to get in contact with Apple support via its website or via Twitter. Updated to iOS 10.2 on my 6S Plus and my battery drained 40% in an hour #help @Apple @AppleSupport — Benton Li (@bentonli) January 9, 2017 The company runs a Twitter account that takes questions about iOS problems and could help point you in the right direction. Take Your Device Into an Apple Store If nothing on here works for you, and Apple’s online support fails, you could try taking your iPhone or iPad into an Apple Store to have a Genius run some diagnostics. Your issues could be related to a bloated battery, it could be something else entirely. If your device is still under warranty, they might even offer you a replacement. To find your closest Apple Store, head here. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.2.1 If You Want Better Security   1 / 10 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.2.1 update on your iPhone or iPad.  The iOS 10.2 update brings 13 known patches for potential exploits. That's one more than its predecessor (iOS 10.2). These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.2 update and/or the iOS 10.1.1 update, know that iOS 10.2.1 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2 update had 12 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.2.1 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.2.1 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 10 26 Responses 09/13/2016 tug Reply this is stupid.. if previously u dont have much issue having all the same settings.. all the same cellular coverage.. the problem is the iOS 10 itself.. asking someone to switch off this and that is not exactly the solution 09/14/2016 Z Reply For me the battery status shows that Messages app took 51% of battery in the background. Ridiculous. Turned imessage off and swiped up messages app from the background and i see a better battery. 09/22/2016 Leo Reply I play a lot of games when i was on the 9.3.5 firmware and battery wasn’t that bad but when I do it on IOS 10 it drains so fast. So obviously theres a problem with it. 10/04/2016 We're The Phucarwe Reply Silly. Nothing in here addresses the inherent battery-draining qualities of yet another Apple downdate. Most of the “enhanced” features are aimed at improving apple’s bottom line rather than your device performance. I’m beginning to think more and more about abandoning a ship I’ve been sailing since the 80’s. C’mon, Apple. 10/06/2016 SUZANNE HAMOOD Reply there need to be yet another update to the IOS10. we should NOT be paying 700.00 for a phone that wont hold a battery charge for 8 hours. I have noticed a HUGH difference and I am not a big phone user. I could usually start off the day with a 100% and if not used much that day end the day with more than 50% Its 2:30 in the afternoon and I haven’t Hardley touched my phone today its at 34% WTF!!! 10/07/2016 Steve miller Reply My 6s battery dies so fast with as much shut off and manual fetch email setting have helped a little but at 1% it seems to last for hours for some reason. I think the battery is still fine but something is ip with the battery indicator 10/08/2016 Jonas Reply Same apps, same settings and the difference is 9% battery drain over night compared to not even 1% on IOS 9. By % that is ridiculous and nearly and insane difference…. As other mentioned, this guide does not have much to do with battery tuning iOS 10, although in general terms it may work, but not for we who haven’t changed anything… 10/09/2016 Elle Reply for some reason my 6 drains at night after i upgraded the ios. Now every time I turn on my phone, instead of my lock screen I see my music screen and I’ve turned off that app. I went form 86% right before bed and woke up to 21%. 10/10/2016 Brian Reply My 5c says the battery life is fine, 50% plus, then without warning the phone will power down. When I try to power it back up, it shows the battery as being dead as a post. So I plug the phone in, and the phone immediately powers up, and shows the battery life as being where it was before it powered down…that was 57% this morning. 10/10/2016 Rene Girardin Reply Here is a link to interesting discussions about iOS 10.0.2 and Fast Battery Drain on all iPhones. All the bla bla about how to lower battery usage is OK but there is a bug introduced in Network Settings. https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7685072?start=30&tstart=0 10/11/2016 Matthew Grimsley Reply same with my ipone 6S. happened twice over the weekend. 10/13/2016 Ann Reply I think it’s so funny how our phones have a good battery life until an update comes along, but then it goes to poop and we are informed “Oh it’s probably dat app you using and not iOS 10” seriously??? 10/13/2016 Colin Nias Reply Even the staff in the Apple shops are reluctant to admit there is a problem, even though its plastered all over the internet. My 6 plus has the same issues, 100% in the morning, by 6pm I’m down to 25%. Loads of apps are still working in the background, Facebook and Mail seem to be the main culprits on mine. Apple really need to up their game and stop messing around with things. Listen, if it aint broke, don’t fix it. Simples!!! 10/13/2016 RB Reply Worthless article … “If you previously did not have issues wiith battery power and now do after installing iOS 10, the problem is likely something else and not iOS 10.” Makes perfect sense. 10/16/2016 Luigi Reply Guys I too have the same problem! I am angry!! But is it possible that these Apple release an update that sucks the battery like a ferrari to 240km / h ??? !! But crazy stuff !! It lasts less than half the time of use which I did with iOS 9. But what the heck !!! Apple immediately solve this problem !! Otherwise I swear that I buy an iPhone no longer !! 10/18/2016 jamie pollock Reply full charge at 7am… 3:30pm my iphone 6 shows 90% avail. Nothing special about my setup, I check email and send Texts during the day. I just don’t talk on it much nor use GPS. IOs 10 too. I must be lucky 10/19/2016 Mike Reply ISO 10 is a joke we pay to much and for the phone and service to have to go through this on every major update now it’s the worse it’s ever been I also have a iPhones 5 that says 33% and it just turns off and I have to plug it in and it comes back on with the same amount of power 33% wtf is the deal it’s like the older the phone the worse like they are trying to force everyone to buy the newest phone apple is about to have another class action law suit how many can they take at on time I love my iPhone but there seriously pushing me away and it seem like there doing it to a lot of customers bad business they need to do there homework before they release another update load it to a few different phones and models before you release shit 10/24/2016 Curtis S Reply Privacy > Location Services > System Services Turn off everything except Emergency SOS and Find My iPhone. 10/24/2016 Greg M Reply Hi I have updated my Ipad and now not only at first most of my Apps disappeared, Now it wont even charge to let me check things Surely an outfit like yours has have some accountability for this, this is a disgrace , I had been using this for my business, NOT Happy at all. 10/28/2016 Kai Reply Do not update to IOS 10…I repeat do not update. 10.1 does not help either. Battery life 10 mins if not plug into a charger. Constantly crashes and get stuck in reboot loop. Apple genius swear there is nothing wrong with the software when I brought my iPhone 6 in. Battery life performance at 80% when ran diagnostics, genius solution was to have it replaced. My only solution is to have the phone plug in a portable charger all day and remain plugged everywhere I go. Just waiting on the 7 to be in stock…if same problem arrives, I will be officially done with apple. 10/31/2016 David Harfst Reply This is not a problem with the apps draining the battery. It’s a bug, in my opinion, with how iOS monitors the battery. I’ve had my phone at 80% and all of the sudden it shuts off, and won’t power back on saying the battery is dead. Once I hook it up to power, it comes back on, still says it’s at 80%, and I can then disconnect from power again and it’s fine. This is happenning all the time since upgrading. The latter versions of iOS 9 did this too, but it would have to be down at 20 or 30%. I believe iOS 10.0.1 was better, but since going to 10.0.2, it’s worse again. This is a real pain. 11/03/2016 TS Reply Nothing listed here is a fix. These are all kluge-y awkward workarounds, none of which should be necessary with a properly-functioning OS. 11/20/2016 Mark Clulow Reply TOTALLY Shouldn’t have to go through all this though, this in nonsense. BOOOOOO! 12/31/2016 Kenneth Wilson Reply The problem is definitely the OS. IT seems Apple is trying to push people into buying new phones. Went to Apple. Did the whole reset thing.. no change. The y then suggest it was probably the because it would not charge in their kiosk and to replace it would be $300.00. Take the phone home and the phone charges without any issues. Changed every setting possible with no change. The IPhone 6 would last about 2 hours without doing anything on it. Changed the battery out. still no change. Ended up downloading the Public beta 10.2.1 Beta 2. Phone went from 2 hours to 8 hours with not really using the phone. It still has problems, but at least this helped, But Apple is definitely hiding something. 01/08/2017 pete Reply This is ridiculous. How is this a fix for the iOS battery drain problems? Clickbait. 01/25/2017 robert walker Reply bob, after installing ios 10.0.2 on my iphone5 after recharging and with 100% recharged,without using the phone at all it lost 40% of the charge ,something wrong big time apple . Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
Wednesday, January 25, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Requiem for the Thunderbolt Display Nick Heer: For me, that one special thing is my Apple Thunderbolt Display. I know: it’s crazy to spend a thousand bucks on a 27-inch display, even back when I bought it in 2012. […] Yet, it remains the thing on my desk that I would fight the hardest to keep. […] Unfortunately, the best reason to buy a Thunderbolt Display over its competitors hasn’t been carried over to the UltraFine 5K: it is no longer the amazing docking station that the Thunderbolt Display once was. I think I’ve only ever had three external Apple displays: the 12-inch CRT for the Apple IIGS and a pair of 22-inch LCD Apple Cinema Displays attached to a PowerPC tower. The LCDs used the unfortunate Apple Display Connector, which meant using an adapter because the my Mac had one ADC port and one DVI port. These were my first CRT and first LCD displays respectively. Subsequent to each, other manufacturers seemed to offer better products and/or much better prices. Apple displays have their fans, but I haven’t even considered them lately. The 30-inch Cinema Display was way too expensive, and since then I’ve been using 30-inch Dell displays, while Apple only offered 27 inches. The extra height is very useful, and I don’t think I would want to give it up, even for Retina. Previously: LG Ultrafine 5k Reviews. Apple II Display Hardware History Mac Retina Thunderbolt USB-C Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←   Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Steve Mollenkopf says lawsuits and government actions against his company "are at their core driven by commercial disputes." Mobile by Shara Tibken 25 January 2017 9:17 pm GMT @sharatibken Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Qualcomm CEO Stephen Mollenkopf shows off the company's new Snapdragon 835 chip at CES 2017. James Martin/CNET Bring it on, Apple -- at least, that's what Qualcomm's top executives seemed to be saying Wednesday. Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf and Derek Aberle, head of the wireless chipmakers's licensing business, fired back at lawsuits filed over the past week by Apple in the US and China. Those suits, they said, are all about the money, an effort by Apple to squeeze as much money as possible from its supplier. "Apple's complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end, this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property," Mollenkopf said during a call with analysts about its quarterly earnings report. "They want to pay less for the fair value that Qualcomm has established in the marketplace for our technology, even though Apple has generated billions in profits from using that technology." While the value of Qualcomm's patents have "tangibly and meaningfully increased over time," it has never raised its royalty rates, Mollenkopf added. "If you peel apart all of the arguments Apple's making, we believe firmly they're all without merit," Aberle said. "At the end of the day, they essentially want to pay less for the technology they're using. It's pretty simple." Qualcomm plans to keep supplying chips to Apple even as they battle in the courts. "I'm confident we'll address and get through the legal challenges underway, as we have done many times in the past," Mollenkopf said. See also Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to China Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says The legal challenges he's referring to included one filed last week by Apple in the US and two others filed this week by the iPhone maker in China. The US Federal Trade Commission also has accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees. Qualcomm spent the first 20 minutes of its hourlong call talking about Apple's litigation. Many of the questions from analysts also focused on the lawsuits. Apple referred CNET back to its comments and lawsuit from Friday. Its statement said, in part, that "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple v. Qualcomm Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to handset manufacturers and others. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple, through its manufacturers, pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property utilized in the chips and mobile phones. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based on the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). (Like most licensing terms, this gets complicated pretty quickly, but essentially, Apple bears a cost for using Qualcomm technology in its phones, whether or not the chips it includes are directly from Qualcomm.) Apple's lawsuit filed in the US on Friday alleges the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple's iPhone 7 wants you to cut the cord With the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple has removed the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack. To listen to music, you need a wireless set of earbuds or a separate adapter to connect corded headphones. by Lexy Savvides 1:49 Close Drag Apple wants a US court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. In one lawsuit filed in China, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "abused its clout in the chip industry," a violation of China's anti-monopoly law. Apple seeks 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages. A second accuses Qualcomm of not making its cellular standard essential patents available broadly and cheaply. It asks the court to determine the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple. Aberle said Qualcomm has been collecting royalties based on a phone's selling price for decades and said there's no legal precedent to suggest royalties should be collected based on a chip. "This is well understood, a well laid out concept," Aberle said. "It's consistent with the way not only Qualcomm has licensed in our own industry for decades but virtually every other patent holder seeking to collect royalties on their intellectual property." He added that Qualcomm offered Apple the same terms as its other licensees in China. It refused, he said. Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. The US FTC also has accused Qualcomm of illegally dominating the cellular chip market. Aberle said Qualcomm plans to appeal the KFTC ruling. And he accused Apple of making "false and misleading" statements to regulatory bodies around the globe. "Apple has been actively driving regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in jurisdictions around the world," he said during a call with analysts. Lots of chips On Wednesday, Qualcomm reported its fiscal first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders dropped to $682 million, or 46 cents a share, from $1.5 billion, or 99 cents a share. (That $850 million fine was a factor in the loss.) Excluding acquisition costs and other expenses for the quarter ended December 25, per-share earnings jumped to $1.19 from 97 cents. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.18 a share. 14 ODG's Qualcomm-powered glasses tout AR, VR Revenue climbed 3.9 percent to $6 billion, slightly below Wall Street's forecast for $6.12 billion. Revenue from Qualcomm's licensing business increased 10 percent to $1.86 billion. J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates about a third of Qualcomm's earnings are tied to Apple's royalty payments. If Apple stops paying royalties, Qualcomm's full-year earnings are at "material risk," he said. Qualcomm said during its call with analysts that about 40 percent of its revenue comes from selling chips and licensing its technology to Apple and Samsung, the two leaders in the phone market. For the second quarter, Qualcomm expects per-share earnings of $1.15 to $1.25 on revenue of $5.5 billion to $6.3 billion. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.20 a share on sales of $5.9 billion. Aberle said Qualcomm doesn't expect a financial impact from the litigation in the second quarter. Qualcomm shares slid 3.2 percent to $55.09 in after-hours trading. The company's stock has lost about 14 percent of its value since Apple filed its lawsuit in the US. Update at 1:35 p.m. PT: Adds Qualcomm financial information. Update at 2:30 p.m. PT and 2:50 p.m. PT: Adds comments from earnings conference call. Update at 3:05 p.m. PT: Adds Apple comment. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Use your iPhone's hidden sleep timer to fall asleep soundly Great, now Facebook wants to put ads in Messenger Close   Discuss: Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Steve Mollenkopf says lawsuits and government actions against his company "are at their core driven by commercial disputes." Mobile by Shara Tibken 26 January 2017 8:17 am AEDT @sharatibken Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Qualcomm CEO Stephen Mollenkopf shows off the company's new Snapdragon 835 chip at CES 2017. James Martin/CNET Bring it on, Apple -- at least, that's what Qualcomm's top executives seemed to be saying Wednesday. Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf and Derek Aberle, head of the wireless chipmakers's licensing business, fired back at lawsuits filed over the past week by Apple in the US and China. Those suits, they said, are all about the money, an effort by Apple to squeeze as much money as possible from its supplier. "Apple's complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end, this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property," Mollenkopf said during a call with analysts about its quarterly earnings report. "They want to pay less for the fair value that Qualcomm has established in the marketplace for our technology, even though Apple has generated billions in profits from using that technology." While the value of Qualcomm's patents have "tangibly and meaningfully increased over time," it has never raised its royalty rates, Mollenkopf added. "If you peel apart all of the arguments Apple's making, we believe firmly they're all without merit," Aberle said. "At the end of the day, they essentially want to pay less for the technology they're using. It's pretty simple." Qualcomm plans to keep supplying chips to Apple even as they battle in the courts. "I'm confident we'll address and get through the legal challenges underway, as we have done many times in the past," Mollenkopf said. See also Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to China Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says The legal challenges he's referring to included one filed last week by Apple in the US and two others filed this week by the iPhone maker in China. The US Federal Trade Commission also has accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees. Qualcomm spent the first 20 minutes of its hourlong call talking about Apple's litigation. Many of the questions from analysts also focused on the lawsuits. Apple referred CNET back to its comments and lawsuit from Friday. Its statement said, in part, that "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple v. Qualcomm Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to handset manufacturers and others. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple, through its manufacturers, pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property utilized in the chips and mobile phones. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based on the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). (Like most licensing terms, this gets complicated pretty quickly, but essentially, Apple bears a cost for using Qualcomm technology in its phones, whether or not the chips it includes are directly from Qualcomm.) Apple's lawsuit filed in the US on Friday alleges the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple's iPhone 7 wants you to cut the cord With the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple has removed the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack. To listen to music, you need a wireless set of earbuds or a separate adapter to connect corded headphones. by Lexy Savvides 1:49 Close Drag Apple wants a US court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. In one lawsuit filed in China, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "abused its clout in the chip industry," a violation of China's anti-monopoly law. Apple seeks 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages. A second accuses Qualcomm of not making its cellular standard essential patents available broadly and cheaply. It asks the court to determine the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple. Aberle said Qualcomm has been collecting royalties based on a phone's selling price for decades and said there's no legal precedent to suggest royalties should be collected based on a chip. "This is well understood, a well laid out concept," Aberle said. "It's consistent with the way not only Qualcomm has licensed in our own industry for decades but virtually every other patent holder seeking to collect royalties on their intellectual property." He added that Qualcomm offered Apple the same terms as its other licensees in China. It refused, he said. Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. The US FTC also has accused Qualcomm of illegally dominating the cellular chip market. Aberle said Qualcomm plans to appeal the KFTC ruling. And he accused Apple of making "false and misleading" statements to regulatory bodies around the globe. "Apple has been actively driving regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in jurisdictions around the world," he said during a call with analysts. Lots of chips On Wednesday, Qualcomm reported its fiscal first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders dropped to $682 million, or 46 cents a share, from $1.5 billion, or 99 cents a share. (That $850 million fine was a factor in the loss.) Excluding acquisition costs and other expenses for the quarter ended December 25, per-share earnings jumped to $1.19 from 97 cents. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.18 a share. 14 ODG's Qualcomm-powered glasses tout AR, VR Revenue climbed 3.9 percent to $6 billion, slightly below Wall Street's forecast for $6.12 billion. Revenue from Qualcomm's licensing business increased 10 percent to $1.86 billion. J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates about a third of Qualcomm's earnings are tied to Apple's royalty payments. If Apple stops paying royalties, Qualcomm's full-year earnings are at "material risk," he said. Qualcomm said during its call with analysts that about 40 percent of its revenue comes from selling chips and licensing its technology to Apple and Samsung, the two leaders in the phone market. For the second quarter, Qualcomm expects per-share earnings of $1.15 to $1.25 on revenue of $5.5 billion to $6.3 billion. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.20 a share on sales of $5.9 billion. Aberle said Qualcomm doesn't expect a financial impact from the litigation in the second quarter. Qualcomm shares slid 3.2 percent to $55.09 in after-hours trading. The company's stock has lost about 14 percent of its value since Apple filed its lawsuit in the US. Update at 1:35 p.m. PT: Adds Qualcomm financial information. Update at 2:30 p.m. PT and 2:50 p.m. PT: Adds comments from earnings conference call. Update at 3:05 p.m. PT: Adds Apple comment. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Use your iPhone's hidden sleep timer to fall asleep soundly Great, now Facebook wants to put ads in Messenger Close   Discuss: Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Apps Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally Browse more... Apple Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 Apple joins Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI initiative Browse more... earnings Microsoft Q2 earnings edge higher on Office and cloud services growth PayPal continues to see strong revenue growth Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off Browse more... Qualcomm Apple files a $145 million patent suit against Qualcomm in China Qualcomm stock takes a sharp hit on heels of Apple and FTC filings Qualcomm fires back against Apple over lawsuit and FTC action Browse more... finance Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week Microsoft Q2 earnings edge higher on Office and cloud services growth PayPal continues to see strong revenue growth Browse more... Qualcomm reaffirms it will continue to supply Apple during its legal dispute Posted Jan 25, 2017 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story EPA scientific studies must be vetted by administration before release Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf said today on the company’s call accompanying its first-quarter earnings report that Qualcomm would continue to work with Apple as a supplier despite a major legal battle between the two companies. “We intend to remain a good supplier to Apple even while this dispute continues,” Mollenkopf said on the call. “Our preference is to resolve customer disputes with negotiation instead of litigation, so it’s regrettable Apple has taken this path.” In terms of actually continuing working with Apple, Qualcomm executives explained that the deals it has in place are with their contract manufacturers. Qualcomm has signed agreements with those manufacturers, which the company expects to continue to uphold, though Qualcomm president Derek Aberle said the company would have to take a “wait-and-see” approach for the future. “We would expect and hope that our licensees will continue to comply with their agreements and Apple will not interfere with those contractual agreements in place,” Aberle said on the call. “We obviously can’t control their actions down the road so we’ll have to see how that develops.” Apple recently filed a $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm over the terms for its technology. Qualcomm’s tactics have also been the subject of charges from the FTC. The company is one of the largest chip providers for smartphones — such as the Snapdragon processor — and relies on huge manufacturers like Apple for a major part of their business. Related Articles Apple files a $145 million patent suit against Qualcomm in China Qualcomm stock takes a sharp hit on heels of Apple and FTC filings Qualcomm fires back against Apple over lawsuit and FTC action Apple files a billion-dollar royalty suit against Qualcomm “We don’t believe we have monopoly power in the chip market or any other market, ” Qualcomm executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary Don Rosenberg said on the call. “We have never prevented apple or anybody else from buying from competitive chipmakers.” With that in mind, Aberle said it did not expect the legal battle to have an impact on the second quarter. Following the initial legal disputes, Qualcomm’s stock took a very sharp dive. The company now faces a potentially huge roadblock for its core business, which saw some positive signs in its first-quarter earnings report as shipments of 3G and 4G devices were up 8 percent. “If you peel apart all the arguments that Apple is making, we believe firmly that they’re all without merit, at the end of the day they want to pay less for the technology that they’re using,” Aberle said. “It’s pretty simple. That’s the motivation, again they wrap a lot of stuff around that, which we think over time we will be able to clearly show is false. But in the end of the day they want to get to a lower payment. We think that’s not appropriate given the value we’ve established.” FindTheCompany | Graphiq Wall Street was looking for Qualcomm to deliver earnings of about $1.18 per share on $6.12 billion in revenue, while the company said it earned $1.19 per share on $5.99 billion in revenue. While the results came out a little mixed, the legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm continues to cast a big shadow over Qualcomm’s future. “We have a long history of successfully defending our licensing and practices business model, which have been tested around the globe,” Mollenkopf said. We are very excited about the future and many opportunities directly in front of us. I am confident we will address and get through the legal challenges underway as we have done many times in the past.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Qualcomm Founded 1985 Overview Qualcomm is an American fabless semiconductor company that designs, manufactures, and markets digital wireless telecommunications products and services. It produces processors and connectivity solutions, displays, software, and charging products. The company is focused on various industries: automotive, education, healthcare, Internet of Everything, mobile computing, networking, smart cities, smart … Location San Diego, CA Categories Wireless, Telecommunications, Manufacturing, Mobile Website http://www.qualcomm.com Full profile for Qualcomm Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes earnings Qualcomm Apple finance Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From Mobile Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates 15 hours ago | Sarah Perez Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 16 hours ago | Brian Heater President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next EPA scientific studies must be vetted by administration before release Posted Jan 25, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 10 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Theatre Mode is far from the Dark Mode feature we’ve been hoping for Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A few weeks ago, iPhone users began eagerly anticipating the release of the first iOS 10.3 beta after word surfaced that the release might finally introduce a system-wide Dark Mode option. A feature long desired by iPhone power users, rumors of its existence and eventual release have persisted for quite some time, unfortunately to no avail. Just a few weeks ago, noted leaker Sonny Dickson added fuel to the speculative fire when he claimed that the rumored Dark Mode feature might be called “Theater Mode.” Don't Miss: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close Yesterday, Apple at long last released iOS 10.3 beta 1 and, surprise surprise, there was no Dark Mode feature to speak of. Incidentally, we did see the release of a watchOS changelog which makes reference to the aforementioned “Theater Mode”, a mode which will only be available for Apple Watch users. There’s no reason to get jealous, though, as it appears that Theater Mode and Dark Mode are definitely not one in the same. Per Apple, Theater Mode, when activated on the Apple Watch, disables the ‘raise to wake’ feature, thereby preventing movie-goers from creating a distraction when adjusting their arms. Furthermore, Theatre Mode also mutes sounds, though users can still receive alert notifications via haptic feedback. In effect, Theatre Mode appears to be nothing more than an Apple Watch variant of the Do Not Disturb feature currently available on the iPhone. Apple’s changelog reads in part: Theater Mode lets users quickly mute the sound on their Apple Watch and avoid waking the screen on wrist raise. Users still receive notifications (including haptics) while in Theater Mode, which they can view by tapping the screen or pressing the Digital Crown. And so the wait for an official Dark Mode feature for the iPhone rages on. Given that we’re now about six months away from WWDC 2017, it probably stands to reason that if Apple is working on a Dark Mode option, it won’t see the light of day until iOS 11. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close New video shows us what to expect from the Galaxy S8 T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News New Year New You Old NavySponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Cuba wants 'respectful' talks with Trump govt: Castro Trump says torture works but will follow CIA, Pentagon advice Business Standard Apple legal fight with Qualcomm spreads to China AFP  |  San Francisco  January 26, 2017 Last Updated at 03:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USj017 ALSO READ Smokers chased in Beijing as China considers national law China releases prominent human rights lawyer on bail Hong Kong backs China bid to bar rebel lawmakers China hails Putin's backing on South China Sea Michael Jordan wins China court ruling after years-long case Apple took its legal war with Qualcomm to China, filing lawsuits there accusing the chip-making giant of illegally wielding monopoly power. Apple confirmed the suits and referred AFP to comments it released when it filed an antitrust suit against Qualcomm in the United States last week. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," California-based Apple said in the statement yesterday. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Qualcomm, also based in California, told AFP that it hadn't seen the legal complaints but that a press release from a Beijing court said one of the filings accused the company of violating China's anti-monopoly law and the other asked for a determination regarding terms of a patent license agreement. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world." Apple last week sued Qualcomm in US federal court, accusing the chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing recent charges by US antitrust regulators. The suit accuses Qualcomm of building a business model based on its rights to technologies that are considered telecommunication industry standards and then ramping up royalties when Apple innovated its mobile devices with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets. Tech giant Apple said in the US court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | China | Beijing | Court | Law PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Apple legal fight with Qualcomm spreads to China Apple took its legal war with Qualcomm to China, filing lawsuits there accusing the chip-making giant of illegally wielding monopoly power. Apple confirmed the suits and referred AFP to comments it released when it filed an antitrust suit against Qualcomm in the United States last week. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," California-based Apple said in the statement yesterday. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Qualcomm, also based in California, told AFP that it hadn't seen the legal complaints but that a press release from a Beijing court said one of the filings accused the company of violating China's anti-monopoly law and the other asked for a determination regarding terms of a patent license agreement. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways ... Apple took its legal war with Qualcomm to China, filing lawsuits there accusing the chip-making giant of illegally wielding monopoly power. Apple confirmed the suits and referred AFP to comments it released when it filed an antitrust suit against Qualcomm in the United States last week. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," California-based Apple said in the statement yesterday. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Qualcomm, also based in California, told AFP that it hadn't seen the legal complaints but that a press release from a Beijing court said one of the filings accused the company of violating China's anti-monopoly law and the other asked for a determination regarding terms of a patent license agreement. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world." Apple last week sued Qualcomm in US federal court, accusing the chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing recent charges by US antitrust regulators. The suit accuses Qualcomm of building a business model based on its rights to technologies that are considered telecommunication industry standards and then ramping up royalties when Apple innovated its mobile devices with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets. Tech giant Apple said in the US court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple legal fight with Qualcomm spreads to China Apple took its legal war with Qualcomm to China, filing lawsuits there accusing the chip-making giant of illegally wielding monopoly power. Apple confirmed the suits and referred AFP to comments it released when it filed an antitrust suit against Qualcomm in the United States last week. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," California-based Apple said in the statement yesterday. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Qualcomm, also based in California, told AFP that it hadn't seen the legal complaints but that a press release from a Beijing court said one of the filings accused the company of violating China's anti-monopoly law and the other asked for a determination regarding terms of a patent license agreement. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world." Apple last week sued Qualcomm in US federal court, accusing the chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing recent charges by US antitrust regulators. The suit accuses Qualcomm of building a business model based on its rights to technologies that are considered telecommunication industry standards and then ramping up royalties when Apple innovated its mobile devices with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets. Tech giant Apple said in the US court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Report reveals insights into Apple’s… Apple moving international iTunes operations… HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update:… Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in… iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… Using the Digital Crown to peek at your Apple… Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: MailButler Professional, Lifetime… Daily Deal: Private Internet Access VPN,… Daily Deal: Flux 6, Lifetime License Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree… Daily Deal: FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth… Daily Deal: SelectTV by FreeCast, 1-Yr Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 3 days ago Apple has filed a new lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, Reuters reports. The suit claims that Qualcomm has abused its clout in the chip industry, while a second lawsuit also filed by Apple accused Qualcomm failing to deliver on promises it made to inexpensively license “standard essential patents.” This latest lawsuit follows other recent legal struggles for Qualcomm in the U.S., including a filing made by Apple in California last Friday which accused Qualcomm of monopolizing the wireless chip market and withholding $1 billion in patent rebates owing to Apple, as well as a complaint filed by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission last week in which it accused the chip maker of “using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly in the supply of a key semiconductor device used in cell phones.” Qualcomm responded to the Chinese lawsuit filings in an emailed statement, stating that it has not yet seen the full complaints, but that it has continued to offer Apple the same terms as other customers following a 2015 regulatory ruling in China. The company also accused Apple of simply trying to “find ways to pay less for Qualcomm’s technology,” but that Apple has “refused to even consider” Qualcomm’s licensing terms, which a company spokesperson claims are “consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies.” Qualcomm was previously ordered to pay a $975 million fine in China in Feb. 2015 following a 14-month probe. Comments « Daily Deal: MailButler Professional, Lifetime Subscription Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India » Related Stories Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Pokémon Duel released for iOS Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center Sustainable IT News Apple to build 200MW solar farm to power data center Apple is working toward 100% renewable energy use By Lucas Mearian | Follow Senior Reporter, Computerworld | Jan 25, 2017 1:19 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Gyula Gyukli/Thinkstock More like this Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Google will use 100% renewable energy in 2017 Apple's U.S. facilities now get 100% of their power from renewables Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell Apple announced today a joint venture with Nevada Energy (NV Energy) to build out 200MW of photovoltaic solar capacity to power its data center in Reno, Nevada. The solar farm is Apple's largest solar project to date and is expected to be live by early 2019. Apple’s data center is located at the Reno Technology Park; the company has also submitted plans to build another data center campus adjacent to its existing one. Apple has steadily been working toward a goal of 100% renewable energy over the past several years. It already uses 100% renewable energy for its data center in North Carolina; some of it comes from a biofuels plant and the rest from solar farms. In 2015, Apple announced all of its U.S. facilities -- and 93% of its operations worldwide -- were powered by renewable energy. In Singapore, for example, the company is powering its manufacturing facilities with 32MW of solar panels that are located atop more than 800 rooftops. In China, the company is adding 170MW of solar power to supplement power used to manufacture iPhones and other products there. Also in 2015, Apple announced it was investing $848 million in a solar farm to power its California operations, including its new Cupertino campus, along with retail stores and a data center in Fremont. The deal pushed Apple past Walmart as the largest corporate user of solar power. The 2015 solar project represented 130MW of solar power through a 25-year purchasing agreement from the California Flats Solar Project. Apple Apple built a 50MW solar power plant on 300 acres in Florence, Ariz., which is used to power its Mesa data center. Last September, Apple joined the global renewable energy initiative RE100, an organization committed to helping companies and municipalities reach 100% renewable energy. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100% renewable energy across all our operations," Lisa Jackson, Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives, stated in a news release. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada to enter into a power purchase agreement for the new solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529MW of new solar capacity under construction in Nevada, or under review for approval. "Apple will also dedicate up to 5MW of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers," the company stated. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Sustainable IT Apple Mac Apple iOS Computer Hardware Senior Reporter Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Popular Resources 3 Ways Text Messaging Exposes Government Organizations to Massive Risk Digital Record Management for Government eGuide: 2017 Security Best Practice Tips Get a Virtual Hacker on Your Squad Getting Faster Insights from App Data with Cloudant and Spark Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Qualcomm Messed With the Wrong Customer Did Qualcomm really expect Apple to never retaliate? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 25, 2017 at 3:41PM Image source: Apple. "Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands. And your plan is to blackmail this person?" -- Lucius Fox, The Dark Knight In Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight (2008), an accountant discovers Batman's true identity by uncovering some accounting irregularities at Wayne Enterprises, but imaginary CEO Lucius Fox quickly puts an end to the blackmailer's plan by pointing out how absurd it is. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) may not have been blackmailing Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) all these years, but Apple thinks Qualcomm is guilty of a similar crime: extortion. In its U.S. lawsuit filed last week, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "attempted to extort Apple" into changing how it responded to a regulatory antitrust investigation in South Korea. The iPhone maker also argues that it has been paying "extortion-level royalties" for years, due to Qualcomm's "no license, no chips" policy where Qualcomm would only sell chips to customers that agreed to onerous licensing terms. It seems as if Qualcomm has been getting away with this for years, which is why its market power has grown so dramatically as rivals fell by the wayside and exited the baseband processor market. Most customers lack the operating scale, legal resources, and financial incentive to effectively stand up to Qualcomm through protracted litigation. Apple doesn't. Apple bites back So let me get this straight, Qualcomm: You think that your biggest customer, one of the wealthiest, most powerful corporations in the world that also has a reputation for squeezing its suppliers would quietly accept your oppressive contract terms and never fight back. And your plan is to extort this company? In no uncertain terms, it worked for many years, and Qualcomm's revenue skyrocketed over the past decade. QCOM Revenue (Quarterly) data by YCharts. Broader smartphone adoption was the main factor, but the iPhone pulled an awful lot of that weight, too -- both directly and indirectly (Android was created largely in response to the iPhone). More specifically, from 2011 to late 2016, Qualcomm had extracted both exclusivity in supplying Apple with cellular baseband modems as well as its silence. You may note in the chart above how much sales increased during this time period. Apple was restricted from actively complaining to law enforcement and regulators, although it was allowed to respond if asked. So long as Qualcomm maintained its lock on baseband chipsets, it had incredible leverage and there wasn't a whole lot Apple could do. Enter Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Intel had been trying to crack the baseband market for years with little to no success. Even today, Intel's modems are technologically inferior to Qualcomm's, but they're good enough and much cheaper, and Intel expects to catch up within a few generations. The combination of Qualcomm's exclusivity ending combined with Intel's ability to supply a sufficiently competitive modem is the perfect storm for Apple to unleash its pent-up discontent in court. The $1 billion that Qualcomm is withholding was just the final straw. Now that Apple has a path to an alternative supplier (even though the majority of its basebands still come from Qualcomm) and is no longer contractually obligated to keep quiet, Apple is bringing a brutal suit against Qualcomm that threatens Qualcomm's very business model. You know it's serious when Apple is litigating, given CEO Tim Cook's hatred of litigation. Did Qualcomm really think that Apple would never retaliate? The moral of the story: Don't extort Apple, and don't blackmail Batman. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 3:41PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 NXP Semiconductors, NV Is Building Car-Chip Markets in China 1 Number Qualcomm Inc. Investors Need to Keep an Eye On Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Qualcomm Messed With the Wrong Customer @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile This is the iPhone 8 we’ve been waiting to see Image Source: ConceptsiPhone, YouTube Zach Epstein @zacharye January 23rd, 2017 at 9:16 AM Share Tweet For Apple fans, the arrival of a new year means a few things. First, it means that new iPads are on the way — at least, they’re on the way if recent rumors of delays aren’t accurate. But beyond that, it means the start of a fresh new cycle of rumors and leaks that will continue right up until September, when Apple finally takes the wraps off of this year’s new iPhone models. For the iPhone’s tenth anniversary, the rumor cycle kicked off early this time around. In fact, iPhone 8 rumors first started popping up months before the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus even debuted. We’ve seen and heard plenty of intriguing things so far about Apple’s upcoming redesigned iPhone, and now all of the rumors have been visualized in what may very well be one of the sleekest iPhone concepts we’ve ever seen. Don't Miss: Android’s biggest strength is driving people to the iPhone YouTube channel “ConceptsiPhone” has posted a video that attempts to visualize many of the iPhone 8 rumors and reports we’ve seen so far. Multiple sources have claimed that Apple’s 2017 iPhone will Apple go back to a design similar to the one used on the iPhone 4 and iPhone 5, with a glass face and a glass back joined by stainless steel edges. With a few exceptions (like that camera… oof), the concept phone shown off in the video below is a gorgeous modernization of Apple’s earlier iPhone designs. It features curved glass on the front and back with lines that are continued by the stainless steel wrapped around the phone’s edges. The display on the front stretches all the way to either side of the device, and the home button has been removed, just like we expect. Replacing it is a next-generation Touch ID scanner embedded in the screen, and the rest of the button’s functions are expected to be replaced by 3D Touch gestures. Here are some more iPhone 8 specs envisioned in the video: High quality Gorilla Glass Liquid metal frame 6.9mm thin 5.8 inch OLED edge to edge display Wireless Charging Touch ID built into display Second touch sensitive display on lower bezel Smart connector 10nm A11 chip Dual 12mp wide angle + telephoto lens 3D camera technology Will this iPhone 8 concept come anywhere close to representing the real thing Apple has planned for us later this year? No one know, but we can certainly hope that’s the case. The full video is embedded below, and check out this post for a rundown of some of the biggest changes we’re expecting in the iPhone 8. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus View Comments Trending 1 Apps & Software Google Docs just got a whole lot more powerful on iOS and Android 2 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 3 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 4 Mobile The Honor 8 has the same specs as the Galaxy S7, but it’s on sale for $340 unlocked 5 Mobile The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM Amazon sale drops Fire Essentials Bundle to its lowest price ever By Maren Estrada January 26th at 8:20 AM Netflix for Android just got a new feature iPhone owners will never see By Chris Smith January 25th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile Image Source: Janitors Could Foxconn actually help Trump’s dream of a US-built iPhone come true? Mike Wehner @MikeWehner January 23rd, 2017 at 9:56 AM Share Tweet During the primaries and lead-up to the general election, then-candidate Donald Trump called out a handful of US companies when demanding that products be built in the United States rather than abroad. One of those companies was Apple, and even though the idea of an iPhone being built entirely on US soil is a huge long shot, Foxconn is reportedly considering building a new plant that could bring it a bit closer to reality. Don't Miss: This is the iPhone 8 we’ve been waiting to see A report by Nikkei Asian Review quotes Foxconn chairman Terry Gou, suggesting that a new Foxconn factory might be headed to the United States thanks to interest from Apple. The factory would reportedly create as many as 50,000 jobs, and workers at the facility would be tasked with making some of the display panels used in Apple devices. According to the report, Gou said the move made sense because shipping larger panels from Chinese factories to the United States isn’t ideal. Additionally, Gou mentioned a second US facility that is currently being considered for Pennsylvania. That factory would produce moldings, and the plans for the building are already being hashed out with the local government. Not surprisingly, the chairman also made vague references to Trump’s past statements regarding US companies selling foreign-built products. “In the future they may be paying some $500 more for U.S. products, but those do not necessarily work better than a $300 phone,” Gou said. Of course, a single display factory isn’t a sign that Foxconn will shift substantial iPhone production to the United States, but it’s definitely a big move for both the manufacturer and Apple. Tags: Donald Trump, Foxconn, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Apps & Software Google Docs just got a whole lot more powerful on iOS and Android 2 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 3 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 4 Mobile The Honor 8 has the same specs as the Galaxy S7, but it’s on sale for $340 unlocked 5 Mobile The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM Amazon sale drops Fire Essentials Bundle to its lowest price ever By Maren Estrada January 26th at 8:20 AM Netflix for Android just got a new feature iPhone owners will never see By Chris Smith January 25th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jan 27, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education what now photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner Is Apple’s China dream over as it bets on India manufacturing plan? business Updated: Jan 25, 2017 20:04 IST Anirban Ghoshal and Sanjeev K Ahuja Hindustan Times Apple seems to be growing frustrated with the rising labour costs in China as it looks to shift its manufacturing base to India.(HT Archive) Apple seems to be growing frustrated with the rising labour costs in China as it looks to shift its manufacturing base to India. “The iPhone-maker is betting big on India as it faces rising employment costs in China. Hence today they presented their manufacturing plan to the government,” a source said adding that the government is yet to take a decision on the issue. However, the official said that the iPhone-maker was betting on India because of low-cost labour and has said that it wants to shift its manufacturing base despite China’s offer of bigger incentives. Earlier, in an earnings call Cook has said that he was hopeful of turning around India into the next China for Apple. “Our iPhone sales in India were up over 50% in 2015-16 compared to the prior year, and we believe we’re just beginning to scratch the surface of this large and growing market opportunity. “Looking ahead, we’re seeing some very exciting developments in India. Reliance Jio is rolling out a first-of-its-kind all-IP network in India with 4G coverage in 18,000 cities and 200,000 villages across the country. They’re offering a free year of service to purchasers of new iPhones and we’re partnering with them to ensure great iPhone performance on their network.” Apple includes India in its Asia Pacific region, which reported $2.7 billion in sales during the quarter. iPhone sales in China, which slowed down 30% during the July-September quarter, have failed to make a mark in the company’s balance sheet lately. Overall, the company’s sales declined 9% to $46.85 billion in the three months to September – the third consecutive quarterly fall. The sales fall hit the company’s quarterly profits, which came in at $9 billion - a 19% decline on the same period a year earlier. For the year to September 2016, the iPhone maker reported its first decline in annual sales and profit in 15 years. Net sales stood at $215.6 billion during the period under review, an 8% decrease on the record $233.7 billion of sales in the previous year. Profits declined 14% year-on-year to $45.7 billion during the period. Apple is expecting India to plug the declining sales. “I think it’s clear that the population of India will exceed China sometime in probably the next decade or so, maybe less than that. If you sort of look at the number of people who are or will move into the middle class sort of over the next decade, and the age of the population… if you look at India, almost 50% of the population is under 25,” Cook said. “There are enormous investments going in on 4G and we couldn’t be more excited about that because it really takes a great network working with iPhone to produce that great experience for people… I see a lot of the factors moving in the right direction there.” In India, Apple has a long list of demands before it starts manufacturing. “Apple has been asking for a lot of sops that includes freight subsidy as the country has logistical issues, continuation of differential duty on mobile handsets and components manufacturing even when the GST regime comes in and income tax holiday in the country just as China or Vietnam offers,” an industry expert told HT, adding that “exports should be made a top priority by enhancing sops under merchandise exports from India scheme (MEIS) from 2% to 5%.” A government official said that Apple wants the higher exemptions because “there are not many high-end phone-component makers in India to buy from.” “The company will have to manufacture the components in India, and it has to meet international standards.” tags Apple iPhone iPad China Dream Apple iPhone 8 more from business HPCL, GAIL to build Rs 40,000 cr petrochem project Jan 27, 2017 19:07 IST Maruti Suzuki hikes prices by up to Rs 8,014 with immediate effect Jan 27, 2017 18:28 IST Confessions of a rampant dataholic Promotional feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Bharat Rang Mahotsav 2017: No plays from Pakistan or China at theatre festival Jan 27, 2017 19:13 IST Food regulator frames unsafe food-recall policy Jan 27, 2017 19:05 IST President Mukherjee accepts resignation of Meghalaya governor... Jan 27, 2017 18:25 IST Water levels in 91 reservoirs across dip to 51% of their... Jan 27, 2017 18:33 IST PM Modi, Parrikar let down soldiers on One Rank One Pension, says... Jan 27, 2017 18:14 IST Andhra Pradesh special status: Pawan Kalyan attacks govt for... Jan 27, 2017 17:58 IST UP election: Violence-hit Dadri sees first-ever Muslim woman... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST Abu Dhabi positions itself as the Sunni alternative Jan 27, 2017 19:16 IST Beijing urges officials to not burst crackers during Spring Festival Jan 27, 2017 18:48 IST 10 civilians killed in Turkish strikes in IS-held Syria, says rights... Jan 27, 2017 18:16 IST CIA reported six sightings of UFOs over India, Bhutan and Nepal Jan 27, 2017 19:11 IST Migrant influx pushes German population to record high of 82.8 million Jan 27, 2017 17:34 IST Japan says preparing for all possible US trade contingencies Jan 27, 2017 17:15 IST Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Jan 27, 2017 17:11 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Romancing at Talkatora: Delhi’s Chashme Baddoor garden will be lovable again Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST UP elections: Only 10 women fielded from Gautam Budh Nagar district... Jan 27, 2017 19:03 IST Gurgaon: US- based doctor duped by Delhi domestic help agency Jan 27, 2017 18:17 IST Heavy rainfall affects work to restore power in Gurgaon Jan 27, 2017 17:48 IST UP election: Violence-hit Dadri sees first-ever Muslim woman... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST Bihar ex-CM Manjhi lodges case over fake Twitter account Jan 27, 2017 16:43 IST Top five stories from Mumbai you shouldn’t miss Jan 27, 2017 16:25 IST Delhi baby beaters: Why mothers are turning angry, violent Jan 27, 2017 18:47 IST UP: When a tailor won elections against Congress on just Rs 12 Jan 27, 2017 16:05 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors A differential rate of GST on services is a bad idea Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST The inside story of Rahul-Akhilesh alliance for UP polls Jan 27, 2017 18:11 IST Political appointees to PSU boards undermines Modi’s push for... Jan 27, 2017 17:23 IST Sexist leaders like Yadav, Katiyar, need lessons in gender sensitivity Jan 27, 2017 14:45 IST Shah Rukh Khan, don’t blame the media if we don’t have an... Jan 27, 2017 16:55 IST Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST India vs England series turning point of career, says Kedar Jadhav Jan 27, 2017 17:43 IST South Africa pacer Lungi Ngidi ruled out for ODI series against Sri... Jan 27, 2017 15:48 IST Matthew Wade appointed Australia skipper for New Zealand ODIs Jan 27, 2017 15:39 IST David Warner leaves AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli behind to attain No.1... Jan 27, 2017 17:46 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST Russian Weightlifting Federation withdraws CAS appeal against... Jan 27, 2017 18:35 IST Abhinav Bindra appointed chairman of Target Olympic Podium (TOP)... Jan 27, 2017 18:18 IST Despite ‘Dangal’ success, money has little appeal for... Jan 27, 2017 18:07 IST Premier League: Sunderland FC defender Papy Djilobodji banned... Jan 27, 2017 17:44 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Deepika, Vin Diesel’s xXx director DJ Caruso knows the secret to the film’s success Jan 27, 2017 19:19 IST Iranian star of Oscar nominated film shuns Academy Awards in protest... Jan 27, 2017 18:33 IST Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked, set vandalised during Padmavati shoot... Jan 27, 2017 19:09 IST Raees earns Rs 46.72 cr in two days, but will it cross Rs 150 cr mark? Jan 27, 2017 17:38 IST Moonlight: Here’s when you can see the multiple Oscar nominated... Jan 27, 2017 17:15 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Love reading? Sign up for theme based book boxes Jan 27, 2017 19:18 IST Bharat Rang Mahotsav 2017: No plays from Pakistan or China at... Jan 27, 2017 19:13 IST High notes: Why should you go watch La Boheme? Jan 27, 2017 19:10 IST Food regulator frames unsafe food-recall policy Jan 27, 2017 19:05 IST Kunal Vijayakar on the culinary delights of a Parsi wedding Jan 27, 2017 17:31 IST LG G6 may abandaon removable battery for water-resistant body, to come with Google Assistant Jan 27, 2017 19:11 IST Google banned 1.7 billion ‘misleading’ ads in 2016 Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST Aadhaar enrolment at 111 crore, fetched Rs 36,144 crore savings:... Jan 27, 2017 17:41 IST Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China:... Jan 27, 2017 17:36 IST Over 50% cybercrime victims fail to recover lost money: Report Jan 27, 2017 17:01 IST Facebook introduces ‘security key’ to protect data Jan 27, 2017 15:44 IST Gmail users can’t send Javascript files from February 13 Jan 27, 2017 15:46 IST UPSC CDS Exam (I) 2016 final results declared, check them here Jan 27, 2017 17:59 IST CBSE changes dates of Class 10, 12 examination 2017, check them here Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST BJP Puducherry unit backs centre’s decision on NEET Jan 27, 2017 15:41 IST India love: when Harvard and Tata Trusts joined hands for survival of... Jan 26, 2017 17:15 IST UP Board Exam 2017: Revised timetable released, check them here Jan 25, 2017 20:20 IST Republic Day parade: India’s military might, culture on display Jan 26, 2017 21:47 IST Tricolour lights up night sky as India celebrates 68th Republic Day Jan 26, 2017 15:20 IST Marching down Rajpath: Beating retreat rehearsal begins Jan 25, 2017 10:36 IST Colours of patriotism: Getting the Tricolour ready for R-Day in Mumbai Jan 25, 2017 09:39 IST R-Day rehearsals show the many colours of India Jan 23, 2017 12:53 IST PM Modi slams Congress, calls it a ‘sinking boat’ Jan 27, 2017 19:16 IST Punjab elections: Rahul Gandhi names Captain Amarinder as Congress CM candidate Jan 27, 2017 17:21 IST After Jallikattu, people protest ban on buffalo racing, Kambala Jan 27, 2017 15:28 IST Blackbuck case | Salman to record statement before court today Jan 27, 2017 13:43 IST Caught on camera: Mother flings infant son down the stairs in Delhi Jan 27, 2017 15:07 IST education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 25 AAPL: 121.88 1.91 Hands-on: Incase Nylon Nato and Leather bands for Apple Watch Zac Hall - Jan. 25th 2017 1:50 pm PT @apollozac Apple Watch Incase View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Back in September, Incase entered the Apple Watch strap market with the launch of its leather and nylon bands. Incase Leather Watch Band and Nato Nylon Band are straps similar to Apple’s leather and nylon bands that offer slightly different style at a more affordable price. Check out our hands-on below. Incase Leather Watch Band is a more casual and affordable alternative to Apple Classic Buckle strap. Color options include black (pictured) or brown leather with silver stainless steel lugs made for 38mm and 42mm Apple Watches. Leather Watch Band feels sturdy in the hand and comfortable on the wrist. Branding is limited to a subtle external facing Incase mark on the buckle and a second logo on the inside of the leather strap. Incase includes 10 notches for buckling Leather Watch Band so one size can accommodate a variety of wrist sizes. I found myself using the second to last notch with a lot of leftover band with the 42mm model, however, so it may be more ideal for medium to large wrists. Both the buckle and the lugs on Leather Watch Band have a matte finish so Leather Watch Band closely matches silver aluminum Apple Watch models. Apple’s more expensive Classic Buckle strap has a shiny finish that’s better suited for pricier stainless steel Apple Watch models. Incase Leather Watch Band is priced at $59.99 which compares to Apple’s $149 price for its similar leather strap for Apple Watch. Incase Nato Nylon Band is similar to Apple Woven Nylon strap but with a closer-to-traditional NATO strap style. The nylon doesn’t pass through behind the watch body like true NATO bands since that would block the heart rate sensor, but Nato Nylon Band does feature two enclosures that capture the extra long nylon strap. This gives Nato Nylon Band a distinct look that stands out from Apple’s band lineup, but the extra tuck also makes taking it on and off a little more work. Material-wise, Incase’s nylon band is a bit thinner and lighter than Apple’s take and can still stand up to getting wet. Like Leather Watch Band, Nato Nylon Band has matte silver stainless steel hardware with Incase branding on the buckle and underneath the strap. Incase Nato Nylon Band is priced at $39.99 which is $10 under Apple’s nylon strap. Colors for both 38mm and 42mm Apple Watch models include black, anthracite (pictured), deep red, and bronze. Both Incase straps are ideal for silver aluminum Apple Watch models as both the buckle and lugs will match perfectly, and Incase makes well-built and reliable products. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide Incase View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Apple takes patent fight with Qualcomm to China Qualcomm allegedly denied Apple access to certain patents By Michael Kan | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 25, 2017 11:39 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Michael Kan More like this Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments Qualcomm CEO slams Apple for lawsuits 'without merit' FTC hits Qualcomm for anticompetitive chip tactics Video 6 startups from CES to watch in 2017 Apple has filed two new lawsuits against Qualcomm, this time in China, that allege the mobile chip maker abused its market dominance and patents to charge excessively high licensing fees. Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan ($145 million) in damages from Qualcomm, according to Beijing’s intellectual property court, which announced Wednesday it would hear the lawsuits.   The legal action centers on Qualcomm’s standards-essential patents for its cellular technology. Allegedly, the company refused to negotiate a fair licensing fee for the patents and even declined to license some of them to Apple.  This "restricted" the iPhone maker from offering certain products or services, one of the lawsuits claim, according to the Beijing court. Apple didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. But last week, it filed a separate $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm in the U.S., which also charges the chipmaker with demanding "exorbitant" licensing fees for its cellular technology.   “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with,” Apple said at the time. Earlier this month, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission also accused the chipmaker of engaging in anticompetitive practices over its royalty fees.  However, Qualcomm said it is prepared to defend itself in court. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," the company said Wednesday. The chipmaker said it offered Apple licensing fees that are "consistent" with what more than 100 Chinese companies have agreed to pay. Qualcomm has also revised its business practices in the country ever since Chinese regulators fined the company $975 million back in February 2015 over monopolistic practices.  As part of that settlement, Qualcomm agreed to overhaul its patent licensing system in China. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry Computer Hardware Daily Briefing Michael Kan covers security for IDG News Service. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Popular Resources White Paper 3 Ways Text Messaging Exposes Government Organizations to Massive Risk White Paper Digital Record Management for Government eGuide Sponsored eGuide: 2017 Security Best Practice Tips eBook Sponsored Get a Virtual Hacker on Your Squad White Paper Getting Faster Insights from App Data with Cloudant and Spark Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 197 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president. Post to Facebook Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jqm5c4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Jon Swartz , USA TODAY Published 2:27 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 | Updated 6:06 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share For the first time, the Dow Jones industrial average topped 20,000. A look back at Dow’s monthly performance since its inception in 1896. By Ramon Padilla, Jim Sergent, Adam Shell USA TODAY Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed over the 20,000 mark for the first time after at the opening bell. (Photo: Andrew Gombert, EPA) SAN FRANCISCO — Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president. In the Dow's rocket ride to a record 20,000, the tech-heavy Nasdaq rallied to a record, too: It topped 5,656, closing up 1% at a record. USA TODAY Dow hits all-time high, cracks 20,000 for the first time ever Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, IBM and Netflix have helped propel the record-setting surge for tech stocks. Their stocks are up between 5% and 15% since the Nov. 8 election, with several trading near 52-week highs. On the price-weighted Dow, where stocks with higher per-share prices do more of the heavy lifting and the tech sector leans toward older, hardware-oriented companies, components Intel, Microsoft, Cisco, IBM, Apple had a mixed showing. While IBM and Apple had double-digit runs, Cisco is slightly lower than it was on Election Day. IBM, whose CEO Ginni Rometty was named as an early business adviser to Pres. Trump's transition team, is responsible for 9% of the Dow’s run of more than 1,700 points since Nov. 8.  iPhone maker Apple has contributed 4% of the recent surge and Microsoft 1.3%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices data. Tech investors so far have bought into Trump's aggressive agenda to goose the economy with a lower corporate tax rate and in anticipation of repatriation, which would let companies bring back cash held overseas at lower rates. The market is also benefiting from expectations for forthcoming earnings results during what is traditionally the tech industry's strongest quarter. Alphabet and Microsoft are scheduled to report quarterly sales on Thursday. Apple is scheduled to announce its results on Jan. 31, and Facebook on Feb. 1. Early results are promising. Shares of Yahoo rose 3.5% Tuesday, a day after it reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue and said the sale of its core internet business to Verizon for $4.8 billion should be completed in the second quarter. Netflix shares hit a record after strong international subscriber growth. FindTheCompany | Graphiq The market momentum comes with a healthy dose of irony: The tech industry is heavily at odds with Trump's "America First" economic policies for restrictive immigration and a push for more manufacturing jobs in the U.S. On Monday, he threatened a "major" border tax for non-U.S. based manufactured good imports in a meeting with a dozen top executives, including Michael Dell, founder of PC giant Dell, and Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors and SpaceX. Trump also has vowed to help business with a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 15% from 35% and deregulation of "at least 75%." Tech analysts expect the wild ride to continue for several quarters, but may not be sustainable. "There are near-term positives, but there is a danger of a long-term crash once some of the policies that tech objects to are in place," says Matt Eastwood, an analyst for market researcher IDC. Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. 197 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jqm5c4 NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Steve Mollenkopf says lawsuits and government actions against his company "are at their core driven by commercial disputes." Mobile by Shara Tibken January 25, 2017 1:17 PM PST @sharatibken Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Qualcomm CEO Stephen Mollenkopf shows off the company's new Snapdragon 835 chip at CES 2017. James Martin/CNET Bring it on, Apple -- at least, that's what Qualcomm's top executives seemed to be saying Wednesday. Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf and Derek Aberle, head of the wireless chipmakers's licensing business, fired back at lawsuits filed over the past week by Apple in the US and China. Those suits, they said, are all about the money, an effort by Apple to squeeze as much money as possible from its supplier. "Apple's complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end, this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property," Mollenkopf said during a call with analysts about its quarterly earnings report. "They want to pay less for the fair value that Qualcomm has established in the marketplace for our technology, even though Apple has generated billions in profits from using that technology." While the value of Qualcomm's patents have "tangibly and meaningfully increased over time," it has never raised its royalty rates, Mollenkopf added. "If you peel apart all of the arguments Apple's making, we believe firmly they're all without merit," Aberle said. "At the end of the day, they essentially want to pay less for the technology they're using. It's pretty simple." Qualcomm plans to keep supplying chips to Apple even as they battle in the courts. "I'm confident we'll address and get through the legal challenges underway, as we have done many times in the past," Mollenkopf said. See also Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to China Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says The legal challenges he's referring to included one filed last week by Apple in the US and two others filed this week by the iPhone maker in China. The US Federal Trade Commission also has accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees. Qualcomm spent the first 20 minutes of its hourlong call talking about Apple's litigation. Many of the questions from analysts also focused on the lawsuits. Apple referred CNET back to its comments and lawsuit from Friday. Its statement said, in part, that "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple v. Qualcomm Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to handset manufacturers and others. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple, through its manufacturers, pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property utilized in the chips and mobile phones. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based on the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). (Like most licensing terms, this gets complicated pretty quickly, but essentially, Apple bears a cost for using Qualcomm technology in its phones, whether or not the chips it includes are directly from Qualcomm.) Apple's lawsuit filed in the US on Friday alleges the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple's iPhone 7 wants you to cut the cord With the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple has removed the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack. To listen to music, you need a wireless set of earbuds or a separate adapter to connect corded headphones. by Lexy Savvides 1:49 Close Drag Apple wants a US court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. In one lawsuit filed in China, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "abused its clout in the chip industry," a violation of China's anti-monopoly law. Apple seeks 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages. A second accuses Qualcomm of not making its cellular standard essential patents available broadly and cheaply. It asks the court to determine the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple. Aberle said Qualcomm has been collecting royalties based on a phone's selling price for decades and said there's no legal precedent to suggest royalties should be collected based on a chip. "This is well understood, a well laid out concept," Aberle said. "It's consistent with the way not only Qualcomm has licensed in our own industry for decades but virtually every other patent holder seeking to collect royalties on their intellectual property." He added that Qualcomm offered Apple the same terms as its other licensees in China. It refused, he said. Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. The US FTC also has accused Qualcomm of illegally dominating the cellular chip market. Aberle said Qualcomm plans to appeal the KFTC ruling. And he accused Apple of making "false and misleading" statements to regulatory bodies around the globe. "Apple has been actively driving regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in jurisdictions around the world," he said during a call with analysts. Lots of chips On Wednesday, Qualcomm reported its fiscal first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders dropped to $682 million, or 46 cents a share, from $1.5 billion, or 99 cents a share. (That $850 million fine was a factor in the loss.) Excluding acquisition costs and other expenses for the quarter ended December 25, per-share earnings jumped to $1.19 from 97 cents. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.18 a share. 14 ODG's Qualcomm-powered glasses tout AR, VR Revenue climbed 3.9 percent to $6 billion, slightly below Wall Street's forecast for $6.12 billion. Revenue from Qualcomm's licensing business increased 10 percent to $1.86 billion. J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates about a third of Qualcomm's earnings are tied to Apple's royalty payments. If Apple stops paying royalties, Qualcomm's full-year earnings are at "material risk," he said. Qualcomm said during its call with analysts that about 40 percent of its revenue comes from selling chips and licensing its technology to Apple and Samsung, the two leaders in the phone market. For the second quarter, Qualcomm expects per-share earnings of $1.15 to $1.25 on revenue of $5.5 billion to $6.3 billion. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.20 a share on sales of $5.9 billion. Aberle said Qualcomm doesn't expect a financial impact from the litigation in the second quarter. Qualcomm shares slid 3.2 percent to $55.09 in after-hours trading. The company's stock has lost about 14 percent of its value since Apple filed its lawsuit in the US. Update at 1:35 p.m. PT: Adds Qualcomm financial information. Update at 2:30 p.m. PT and 2:50 p.m. PT: Adds comments from earnings conference call. Update at 3:05 p.m. PT: Adds Apple comment. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories How to get a free data plan for your tablet 9 tips every Uber addict should know HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Close   Discuss: Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim       World 11:58 Mali arrests two suspects in planned terror attack 11:35 Suicide bombing kills 2 in Iraq’s Fallujah 10:10 Southern EU nations gather in Lisbon for Brexit meet 10:01 Turmoil in Sweden as conservatives woo far-right 08:55 Over 70 al-Shabab killed in attack on Kenyan troops 21:16 Trump, Mexican leader speak by phone amid rift Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 10:42 Turkish Central Bank reduces monetary policy meetings 09:29 New $150M deal for Syrian refugees in Turkey 09:25 President Erdogan, first lady meet Lindsay Lohan 21:50 S&P holds steady Turkey's credit rating 20:12 Turkey issues 2nd extradition request for 8 ex-soldiers 16:37 2 HDP deputies, no-shows at trial, sought for arrest General Economy Media Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Economy 12:54 Eurozone lending picks up in December 15:43 UK economy grows despite Brexit turmoil 13:19 Spain jobless rate lowest in seven years 06:07 Global economy to grow 2.9 percent: Fitch 17:29 Turkey: Road, bridge tolls reap $320.4M in 2016 16:24 Turkey's total gas imports fall by 4.74% in November Islamic World 17:00 Muslim scholar warns Trump against ‘racist’ remarks 14:10 Amazing clock inventions from the Islamic world 01:07 Liverpool, Everton teams up with mosque for food bank 13:00 The happiness of a father whose daughter died as a Muslim 09:17 A Tatar Muslim's concern for Finnish Muslims 12:00 US Muslims told to ‘stay strong' after Trump win Ramadan Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 16:27 Pakistan: Karachi locals flock to Turkish food fest 16:13 Landmark Athens mosque due to be finished this April 09:36 Japan pays UNESCO dues withheld after row over Nanjing 10:39 Artist brings beauty to war-damaged Gaza home 15:38 Netherlands to turn over Crimean treasures to Ukraine 09:31 The struggle of the Bulgarian Muslims Health & Environment 09:59 New drug takes on Alzheimer's disease 08:08 Fighting leprosy when the world thinks it's eradicated 09:15 Fears over bird flu in China after 9 deaths this year 13:02 Ugandans invent 'smart jacket' to diagnose pneumonia 20:13 Breast implant victims win payout from German safety body 08:15 New robot wraps around heart to help organ beat Science&Technology 08:12 Alphabet off mark, Microsoft beats earnings forecast 01:02 Apple launches legal battle with Qualcomm in China 08:30 US to investigate Apple following Nokia complaint 01:01 US scientists raise bar for sea level by 2100 09:22 Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries 08:09 Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion News Analysis 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code 11:11 Ethiopians in Israel protest police brutality 11:56 Germany’s ugly legacy: Is Hitler's racist hatred back? Filebox 07:45 The Forgotten Story of Alphabets 14:43 Turkey in Africa 11:54 Kazakhstan’s Foreign Policy 10:00 The Zionist plan for Al-Aqsa Mosque 14:24 Rabaa massacre and Egyptian propaganda 10:56 2015 Turkish Elections Results Science & Technology Islamophobia Syria crisis Palestine Afghanistan Middle East History 16:02 Abu Zayd Al Balkhi: The 9th Century Muslim Psychologist 10:37 8 Reasons about Why Rome Fell 09:11 Alija Izetbegovic, the soul of the Bosnian resistance 12:05 5,000 year old grape seeds found in Izmir 09:42 The Great Explorers of Islam 08:58 Prisoners of Pleven lies in the Turkish Martyrdom in Latvia Today in History Historical Document Historical Events Place Personage Interviews & In Depth 14:18 What is going on in Kashmir: The interview with Muzammil A. Thakur 17:36 Media Voices of Africa with Shafiq Morton 10:04 Lebanese rubbish crisis not all as it seems..... 10:44 Story of four Americans who became Muslim 12:15 Four years after uprising, Egypt is back to square one 15:49 Khojaly: massacre which scarred a nation Science & Environment Today's News Mali arrests two suspects in planned terror attack Suicide bombing kills 2 in Iraq’s Fallujah Turkish Central Bank reduces monetary policy meetings Fears rogue Philippine police on rampage Southern EU nations gather in Lisbon for Brexit meet Turmoil in Sweden as conservatives woo far-right Pakistan arrests 60 Indian fishermen New $150M deal for Syrian refugees in Turkey President Erdogan, first lady meet Lindsay Lohan Over 70 al-Shabab killed in attack on Kenyan troops S&P holds steady Turkey's credit rating Trump, Mexican leader speak by phone amid rift Saudi air defenses intercept missile fired from Yemen Turkey issues 2nd extradition request for 8 ex-soldiers Croatian Jews boycott Holocaust event over army sign Iraq’s Hashd al-Shaabi hits Peshmerga position in error Myanmar: UN short on funds due to Rakhine violence 2 HDP deputies, no-shows at trial, sought for arrest Pakistan: Karachi locals flock to Turkish food fest Turkish jets kill 57 PKK terror in northern Iraq Israel's new Jerusalem housing units 'illegal': Russia Hollande says Trump rule poses 'challenges' for Europe Filipino suspect in Malaysian kidnapping case arrested Egyptian court jails 18 for ‘inciting violence’ in 2015 Hamas delegation meets with Egyptian officials in Cairo Thousands of refugees in Turkey seek debit aid cards Eurozone lending picks up in December South Sudanese app developer seeks to promote peace Barrow returns to warm welcome to The Gambia Russia pushes back Geneva Syria talks to end of Feb 12:17, 28 January 2017 Saturday Science&Technology Update: 01:02, 26 January 2017 Thursday Tweetle Apple launches legal battle with Qualcomm in China Soon after suing Qualcomm in US, Apple takes fight global World Bulletin / News Desk Apple opened up a new legal front Wednesday when it filed two lawsuits against Qualcomm in an intellectual property court in China. The lawsuits seek 1 billion yuan, ($145 million) in damages from the San Diego-based technology company. The legal action in Beijing’s Intellectual Property Court comes less than a week after Apple filed a lawsuit against the computer chip maker in the United States that seeks $1 billion in damages. According to the Chinese court, one of the charges Qualcomm violated China’s anti-trust laws and the other desires the court to determine the terms of a patent license between the two companies for Qualcomm's cellular tech patents. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology,” Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said in a statement shortly after the suits were filed. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them.” For years, Qualcomm was the exclusive supplier of the microchips that powered the iPhone, although that agreement was terminated in 2016. Intel now supplies a portion of the chips utilized by Apple. Apple has not released a comment about the case. “Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world,” Rosenberg said. “We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem.” The Chinese government fined Qualcomm $975 million in 2015 for unfair patent licensing agreements. Late last year, South Korea also fined the company $894 million over similar charges. Related apple qualcomm Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Science&Technology News Alphabet off mark, Microsoft beats earnings forecast Companies say ventures outside core businesses beginning to pay off Apple launches legal battle with Qualcomm in China Soon after suing Qualcomm in US, Apple takes fight global US to investigate Apple following Nokia complaint Federal agency to decide merit of patent infringement claims over iPhone US scientists raise bar for sea level by 2100 The report by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) set the "extreme" scenario of global average sea level rise by 2100 to 8.2 feet (2.5 meters), up half a meter from the last estimate issued in 2012. Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries The Samsung fiasco took a major toll on the reputation of the firm, which is set to announce fourth-quarter and full-year results on Tuesday. Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion Qualcomm also sued by US, Korean regulators for apparent demand of royalties for their chip technology Uber to pay $20 mn to settle charge it misled drivers Uber has recently stopped using an outside partner for financing vehicles in favor of an in-house program to better oversee the process. Turkish nanotech firm sells microscope to NASA Turkish nanotech firm sells microscope to NASA Moon much older than previous thought Research finds 4.5-billion-year-old moon formed few million years after Earth China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags In Europe, green cars benefit increasingly from subsidies, tax breaks and other perks, while combustion engines face mounting penalties including driving and parking restrictions. Robot arms replace factory hands Automation has transformed the productivity of manufacturing since industrial robots first started painting, cutting, welding and assembling in the 1960s.  US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan The Marines's version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings.   SpaceX set to launch again Monday An unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded September 1 in Cape Canaveral, destroying a satellite that Facebook planned to use to beam high-speed internet to Africa. Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store English, Chinese versions removed following government request Scientists disprove global warming took a break Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of York, England, corroborated the results of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) research paper in 2015. Hyundai eyes autonomous cars for the masses The South Korean automaker wants to stand out by being ordinary: making a self-driving car for the average consumer. News US to investigate Apple following Nokia complaint Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank tech fund Foxconn invests $8 bn in China LCD plant Ireland claims EU breaching sovereignty in Apple tax ruling Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Economy Islamic World Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis Filebox History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Mossberg Tech Mossberg: What’s up with Firefox, the browser that time forgot? Mozilla is finally refocused on revitalizing the once-beloved product by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg Jan 25, 2017, 9:00am EST share tweet Linkedin Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Recode. Until about five years ago, techies and others who wanted a speedier, extensible, more privacy-oriented web browser on their desktops often immediately downloaded Mozilla's Firefox to use instead of Internet Explorer on Windows or Safari on the Mac. But those days seem long ago. Firefox is hardly discussed today, and its usage has cratered from a high of over 30 percent of the desktop browser market in 2010 to about 12 percent today, according to Mozilla, citing stats from NetMarketShare. (Various other analytics firms put the share as low as 10 percent or as high as 15 percent.) And Firefox’s share on mobile devices is even worse, at under 1 percent, according to the same firm. Today, the go-to-browser is Google’s Chrome, which has over a 50 percent share on both desktop and mobile, according to NetMarketShare. Mozilla wakes up After years of neglecting Firefox, misreading mobile users, and putting most of its chips on a failed phone project, Mozilla says it is working hard to get Firefox off the mat. “In many ways, we went through a time that you don’t get to survive,” says Mark Mayo, senior vice president for Firefox and a member of Mozilla’s decision-making steering committee. “Somehow we’re not dead… and it feels like we’re picking up speed and figuring out what to do.” “Somehow we’re not dead.” He admits that Firefox has fallen behind Chrome, Microsoft’s Edge, and Apple’s Safari technically, but says the company is executing with total focus on a plan to reverse that. “For several years, we have not been spending the effort we would normally spend on the flagship product,” Mayo concedes. “Firefox didn’t get better along with the competition.” Why Firefox is different Now, he says, the company has embraced the proposition that “it kind of makes no sense to be us and not have the best browser.” That’s because for Mozilla, which is controlled by a foundation of the same name, Firefox is its main product. The two names are inseparable in many peoples’ minds. And an open, vibrant web — as opposed to a world of apps and social media and search controlled by a few companies — is its main philosophical concern. That last bit may sound like idealistic claptrap, but it’s always been core to Mozilla’s mission. Mayo says he fears that big companies like Google and Apple don’t care whether roaming the open internet is subsumed by launching apps or by the act of searching. But, he says, Firefox does. “Everyone else builds a browser for defensive reasons,” says Mayo. “We build one because we love browsers.” A little good news The company brags that Firefox is finally showing signs of growth. It claims — without revealing the exact figures — that its daily and monthly active users metric grew in 2016 for the first time in four years, by “high single-digits.” And it has been paying more attention to mobile browsing. In late 2015, it finally brought out Firefox for iOS, after years of refusing to do so because Apple requires all iPhone and iPad browsers to use its own Safari engine under the hood. The reason, Mayo said, was that Mozilla realized that iOS users surf the web much more than their more numerous Android-using counterparts. If you’re an iOS user, Firefox Focus is worth a try In November, Mozilla introduced a second iOS browser — Firefox Focus. It’s a stripped-down app that automatically blocks all trackers as you move around the web. It grew out of a tracker-blocker the company had built for Safari. I find Focus snappy and dead simple to use. Whatever you think of Firefox, if you’re an iOS user, Focus is worth a try. The company has also relaunched something called Test Pilot, a home for experimental add-ons that change the desktop browser experience. For instance, one add-on places the tabs down the side instead of across the top. And Firefox’s privacy mode doesn’t just block cookies, it blocks trackers, on some pages leaving blank spaces where elements containing trackers were placed. But Mayo admits that, while the worst of the bleeding may have stopped, the current usage is precarious. He says the minimal viable position would be a solid 15 percent share, at least on the desktop, and an unspecified uptick on mobile. The “aspirational” goal, he says, would be around 20 percent on the desktop. Mozilla reports that it’s in the black, although its financials are different from those of a normal company because of the nonprofit foundation to which it is tied. And it has a lucrative search deal with Yahoo that will pay it handsomely even if Verizon completes its takeover of Yahoo. What happened? So how did Mozilla get into the weak position from which it must now rebuild? Essentially, the company spent three years, from 2013 through 2015, wandering down a blind trail and taking Firefox for granted. It was almost entirely focused on trying to sell a new, web-based mobile operating system (Firefox OS) for cheap phones in developing countries, taking on the Android juggernaut. It failed, and Mayo says it took the focus off of Firefox. “It was close to a bet-the-farm effort,” he says. (Side note: this plan never made much sense to me. In fact, in a 2013 onstage interview about the new direction with Mozilla’s then-CEO, my very first question was simply: “What the f**k”?) Video credit: Wall Street Journal On top of that, the company endured turmoil in its management ranks. When Mozilla returned its focus to Firefox, it had to devote all of 2016 to just catching up on things like running each tab in its own process, so a crash in one wouldn't crash the whole browser. Competing browsers already had this technology. In my experience, Firefox today is still only a meh product. Sometimes, it can be very fast, on both Mac and Windows. But often, it lags a bit and has trouble with heavy, ad-laden sites. Still, at least for me, its competitors have their own flaws, so there’s an opportunity. For instance, Chrome too often taxes the resources of my laptops, slowing things down. The task ahead But building Firefox into a real contender will take a lot more work, and Mayo concedes that even parts of the plan won’t be visible to users until later this year. Still, Mozilla claims that it “aims to pass Chrome on key performance measures that matter by end of year.” To do that, the company is betting on something called Project Quantum, a new under-the-hood browsing engine that will replace big chunks of Mozilla’s ancient Gecko engine. In an October blog post by David Bryant, head of platform engineering, the company claimed this: “We are striving for performance gains from Quantum that will be so noticeable that your entire web experience will feel different. Pages will load faster, and scrolling will be silky smooth. Animations and interactive apps will respond instantly, and be able to handle more intensive content while holding consistent frame rates. And the content most important to you will automatically get the highest priority, focusing processing power where you need it the most.” Mayo calls this “navigation by browser, not Google.” Another cornerstone for the new Firefox is a project called the Context Graph that aims to use an enhanced browser history to replace navigational search. The idea is to use differential privacy — the same kind of privacy-respecting machine learning that Apple uses — to suggest places on the web to go for particular needs, rather than getting navigational answers from search. Mayo calls this “navigation by browser, not Google” and declares: “Navigation in the browser has been stagnant for a decade and we’re not going to stand for that.” Both of these projects are aimed squarely at mobile versions of Firefox as well as the desktop version, Mayo says. Though he notes that, under Apple’s current policies, the new Quantum engine — like other third-party browser engines — wouldn’t be permitted on iOS. Bottom Line I have no idea if Mozilla can rescue Firefox, and make it into something special again. And I’m not a foe of apps and search, or of Google and Apple. But I’m rooting for Firefox, because I think the big platform companies, for whom the browser isn’t a central product anymore, need competition. And I think a healthy, widely used web matters. More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer A new mobile game lets you break into a smartphone and uncover its owner’s secrets No, Trump didn't Photoshop his hand to look bigger This Article has a component height of 43. The sidebar size is long. The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Qualcomm misses Q1 revenue targets as Apple legal battle looms One of Qualcomm's key revenue streams is in question as ​Apple is suing the company in China. ByNatalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | January 25, 2017 -- 21:14 GMT (13:14 PST) | Topic: Processors Qualcomm published mixed first quarter financials January 25 after the bell. The tech giant reported a net income of $700 million, or 46 cents per share. What's Hot on ZDnet Microsoft's multi-pronged robotics play takes shape Trump aides' use of encrypted messaging may violate records law ​Ex top Mozilla dev: Ditch all antivirus except Microsoft's Defender Students team aims to brew beer on the moon Non-GAAP earnings were $1.19 per share on a revenue of $6 billion. Wall Street was looking for earnings of $1.18 per share with $6.12 billion in revenue. The earnings come as one of Qualcomm's key revenue streams is in question as Apple is suing the company in China. On January 20, the Cupertino company filed a suit against Qualcomm accusing the chipmaker of withholding nearly $1 billion in contractual payments it owed in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean regulatory investigators. The suit also charges that Qualcomm is "attempting to extort" Apple into obstructing the investigation into Qualcomm's monopolistic practices. Additionally, the suit claims that Qualcomm has created an "abusive licensing model" that lets the company demand excessive royalties. Qualcomm's general counsel Don Rosenberg issued a statement earlier today that brushes off the lawsuit as a way for Apple to "pay less for Qualcomm's technology." "Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them," Rosenberg said. "These terms were consistent with our NDRC Rectification plan." Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf echoed a similar statement in the company's earnings release, insisting the legal actions against Qualcomm "are at their core driven by commercial disputes." Qualcomm said Q1 revenue was impacted by the $868 million charge that was accrued in related to the Korea Free Trade Commission investigation. Other numbers of note from the quarter: 217 million shipments of MSM chips $62.9 billion in revenue from device sales 331-335 million 3G/4G device shipments (approx.) As for Qualcomm's current quarter, the company expects Q2 adjusted EPS of $1.15 per share and revenue between $5.5 billion and $6.3 billion. More Tech Earnings VMware Q4 strong, company calls quarter balanced PayPal Q4 solid, revenue up 17 percent Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business Microsoft Q2 strong, says commercial cloud tops $14 billion annual run rate Alphabet delivers mixed fourth quarter Qualcomm misses Q1 revenue targets as Apple legal battle looms AT&T Q4 earnings on target, says 2016 transformational Comcast's business unit lands small, midsized businesses as annual revenue nears $6 billion Who is the most profitable smartphone maker? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Processors Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business Hardware China can help drive global progress in quantum computing Processors Apple files $1B suit against Qualcomm Storage Hidden Figures and the IBM 7090 computer × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Apple to build 200MW solar farm to power data center Apple to build 200MW solar farm to power data center Apple is working toward 100% renewable energy use Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 26 January, 2017 08:19 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Ingram Micro Australia Synnex Comments Apple announced today a joint venture with Nevada Energy (NV Energy) to build out 200MW of photovoltaic solar capacity to power its data center in Reno, Nevada. The solar farm is expected to be live by early 2019. Apple’s data center is located at the Reno Technology Park; the company has also submitted plans to build another data center campus adjacent to its existing one. Apple has steadily been working toward a goal of 100% renewable energy over the past several years. It already uses 100% renewable energy for its data center in North Carolina; some of it comes from a biofuels plant and the rest from solar farms. In 2015, Apple announced all of its U.S. facilities -- and 87% of its operations worldwide -- were powered by renewable energy. In Singapore, for example, the company is powering its manufacturing facilities with 32MW of solar panels that are located atop more than 800 rooftops. In China, the company is adding 170MW of solar power to supplement power used to manufacture iPhones and other products there. Also in 2015, Apple announced it was investing $848 million in a solar farm to power its California operations, including its new Cupertino campus, along with retail stores and a data center in Fremont. The deal pushed Apple past Walmart as the largest corporate user of solar power. The 2015 solar project represented 130MW of solar power through a 25-year purchasing agreement from the California Flats Solar Project. Apple Apple built a 50MW solar power plant on 300 acres in Florence, Ariz., which is used to power its Mesa data center. Last September, Apple joined the global renewable energy initiative RE100, an organization committed to helping companies and municipalities reach 100% renewable energy. "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100% renewable energy across all our operations," Lisa Jackson, Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives, stated in a news release. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada to enter into a power purchase agreement for the new solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529MW of new solar capacity under construction in Nevada, or under review for approval. "Apple will also dedicate up to 5MW of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers," the company stated. Boost Sales With Brother’s Partner Program More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Apple will post iPhone sales gains next week, ending a 9-month slump CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International MSI GT72 - Ultimate Gaming Notebook Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses How to Sell Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:19AM Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD 05:14AM Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Jan 27 Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally Jan 27 CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe More News CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Study shows Uber created some new taxi jobs, but hurt wages ZeniMax now wants $4 billion from Oculus as case goes to jury Nokia's voice assistant is for engineers, not ordering Ubers Latest in Culture Study shows Uber created some new taxi jobs, but hurt wages 7h ago View NASA will use Apollo 1 hatch to honor fallen crew 7h ago View Mark Zuckerberg lightly criticizes Trump order on immigration 8h ago View A whole new low in government trust 10h ago View Image credit: REUTERS/Charles Platiau save Save share Apple hits Qualcomm with two more antitrust lawsuits A Chinese court will decide whether the two tech giants have a fair licensing deal. Andrew Dalton, @dolftown 01.25.17 in Business Comments 355 Shares Share Tweet Share Save REUTERS/Charles Platiau Just days after hitting Qualcomm with a $1 billion lawsuit, Apple is doubling down with two more antitrust lawsuits against the chipmaker. As Reuters reports Wednesday, the latest pair of suits were filed by Apple's subsidiary in China, alleging Qualcomm "abused its clout" in the industry and that the company never made good on its promise to cheaply license its patents. The first lawsuit seeks around $145 million in damages from Beijing's Intellectual Property Court, while the second is asking the court to weigh in on Apple and Qualcomm's licensing deals. A spokesperson for the chipmaker told Reuters that his company had not yet reviewed the latest complaints, but during a regulatory hearing in China in 2015, Qualcomm accused Apple of using such lawsuits in an attempt to get a discount on Qualcomm's technology. Earlier this month, the US Federal Trade Commission also filed a complaint accusing Qualcomm of stifling competition, which led to Apple's $1 billion lawsuit in California. In that case, Qualcomm has denied Apple's claims that it "unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies [Qualcomm] have nothing to do with." Qualcomm, for its part, insists Apple gets the same licensing terms as all its other customers and is reportedly planning to countersue. Via: The Verge, Recode Source: Reuters In this article: antitrust, AntitrustLawsuit, apple, AppleLawsuit, business, culture, lawsuit, licensing, qualcomm 355 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 4h 4h ago in Space NASA uses pressure-sensitive paint to test its rockets 'Unsteady PSP' helps scientists measure forces on a rocket during wind tunnel tests. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Gadgetry Oculus explains how room-scale VR taxes your USB ports You might need a quad channel USB card. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in AV 'Fully loaded' Kodi box seller pleads not guilty He will face trial charged with circumventing copyright. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Medicine Researchers figure out trick to a fruit fly's acrobatic flight The tiny insects are surprisingly buff. By A. Tarantola,  6h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Personal Computing Windows 10 finally displays download progress for purchased apps A smarter name for night mode and a number of accessibility features are in tow, too. By T. Seppala,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Apple legal fight with Qualcomm spreads to ChinaBy Glenn CHAPMAN | AFP – Thu, Jan 26, 2017 4:23 AM AEDT Related Content View Photo Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks Apple has taken its legal war with Qualcomm to China, filing lawsuits there accusing the chip-making giant of illegally wielding monopoly power. Apple confirmed the suits and referred AFP to comments it released when it filed an antitrust suit against Qualcomm in the United States last week. "For many years, Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," California-based Apple said in the statement. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties." Qualcomm, also based in California, told AFP that it had not seen the legal complaints but that a press release from a Beijing court said one of the filings accused the company of violating China's anti-monopoly law. The other asked for a determination regarding terms of a patent license agreement, the company said. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world." - High stakes - Apple last week sued Qualcomm in US federal court, accusing the chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing recent charges by US antitrust regulators. The suit accuses Qualcomm of building a business model based on its rights to technologies that are considered telecommunication industry standards and then ramping up royalties when Apple innovated its mobile devices with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets. Tech giant Apple said in the US court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine over $850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chipsets used in mobile phones. Qualcomm will appeal the decision, seeking a stay in the Seoul High Court while the process takes place, according to Qualcomm president Derek Aberle. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world... by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in an earlier statement. - Just the chips - Apple noted in the US suit that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in an array of countries for selling its smartphone chipsets only to makers agreeing to its "preferred license terms" for essential mobile telecom patents. Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. Apple's legal complaints in China and California argue that Qualcomm should only be able to charge royalties on the prices of modem chips and not on what is paid for smartphones, Aberle said Wednesday during an earnings call with analysts. He contended that the positon was at odds with longstanding industry practice. "Apple's complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end, this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property," Qualcomm chief executive Steve Mollenkopf said on the earnings call. "We intend to remain a good supplier to Apple even while this dispute continues." Top Stories » Give Libs small business in cabinet: AbetzAAP Former minister Eric Abtez believes the small business portfolio should be put back into cabinet and given solely … London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP China accuses EU of protectionism over new steel taxesAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path GalaxyS8 NintendoSwitch Trump Tesla RokuTips Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Wearables/ Smartwatches/ Apple Teases Night, Theater Modes for Mac, Apple Watch Apple Teases Night, Theater Modes for Mac, Apple Watch By Tom Brant January 25, 2017 01:59pm EST 10 Comments Now you can bring your Apple Watch to the movies without blinding other theatergoers. Want to watch movies on your Apple Watch? We don't either, so the watch's upcoming theater mode, which Apple hinted at in a developer guide this week, seems puzzling until you realize that it's intended to minimize disruptions in a dark theater, rather than turn the watch into a theater. The theater mode, which arrives with the watchOS 3.2 software update, will let Apple Watch wearers mute the sound and prevent the screen from activating when they raise their wrists. The mode doesn't prevent incoming notifications, through, which you can feel through haptic feedback or check by tapping the screen or pressing the digital crown. Apple has not announced a watchOS 3.2 launch date; the watchOS 3.1.3 update went live on Monday. Related 11 Reasons to Stop Looking at Your Phone 11 Reasons to Stop Looking at Your Phone Meanwhile, Apple is also directing some attention to the screens of its Mac desktops and notebooks, which will soon receive the same Night Shift mode that is currently available on iOS devices. Night shift will roll out in macOS Sierra 10.12.4, which is currently in beta testing, according to MacRumors. Night Shift is designed to minimize the amount of blue light that a screen emits late at night, when you might be using your iPhone or iPad in bed. Recent research has shown that blue light inhibits the body's production of melatonin, a hormone that helps people fall asleep, although scientists note that it's not a panacea for sleep problems. Microsoft began testing a similar blue light reduction feature for Windows 10 last fall, and third-party apps like F.lux offer similar capabilities. Back to top Previous : Report: Google's New Smartwatches Arrive Feb. 9 By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Zuckerberg Speaks Out on Trump's Immigration Orders The Facebook CEO offered both praise and criticism for Donald Trump's stances on immigration. More » AI Rivals Human Dermatologists at Detecting Skin Cancer Stanford researchers harnessed an existing database from Google in order to build their algorithm. More » Nvidia Boosts Shield TV's 4K Streaming Options You can now stream Amazon Video content and your PC game library in 4K. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success The Lost World of Early Nintendo Consoles Why Trump Has the Tech World Nervous Everything Leaving Netflix in February Can Online Games Keep the Modern World From Falling Apart? 5 Sci-Fi Movies Set in 2017: What They Got Wrong and Eerily Right »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it on Steve Mollenkopf says lawsuits and government actions against his company "are at their core driven by commercial disputes." Mobile by Shara Tibken January 25, 2017 1:17 PM PST @sharatibken Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Qualcomm CEO Stephen Mollenkopf shows off the company's new Snapdragon 835 chip at CES 2017. James Martin/CNET Bring it on, Apple -- at least, that's what Qualcomm's top executives seemed to be saying Wednesday. Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf and Derek Aberle, head of the wireless chipmakers's licensing business, fired back at lawsuits filed over the past week by Apple in the US and China. Those suits, they said, are all about the money, an effort by Apple to squeeze as much money as possible from its supplier. "Apple's complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end, this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property," Mollenkopf said during a call with analysts about its quarterly earnings report. "They want to pay less for the fair value that Qualcomm has established in the marketplace for our technology, even though Apple has generated billions in profits from using that technology." While the value of Qualcomm's patents have "tangibly and meaningfully increased over time," it has never raised its royalty rates, Mollenkopf added. "If you peel apart all of the arguments Apple's making, we believe firmly they're all without merit," Aberle said. "At the end of the day, they essentially want to pay less for the technology they're using. It's pretty simple." Qualcomm plans to keep supplying chips to Apple even as they battle in the courts. "I'm confident we'll address and get through the legal challenges underway, as we have done many times in the past," Mollenkopf said. See also Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to China Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says The legal challenges he's referring to included one filed last week by Apple in the US and two others filed this week by the iPhone maker in China. The US Federal Trade Commission also has accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees. Qualcomm spent the first 20 minutes of its hourlong call talking about Apple's litigation. Many of the questions from analysts also focused on the lawsuits. Apple referred CNET back to its comments and lawsuit from Friday. Its statement said, in part, that "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple v. Qualcomm Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to handset manufacturers and others. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple, through its manufacturers, pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property utilized in the chips and mobile phones. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based on the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). (Like most licensing terms, this gets complicated pretty quickly, but essentially, Apple bears a cost for using Qualcomm technology in its phones, whether or not the chips it includes are directly from Qualcomm.) Apple's lawsuit filed in the US on Friday alleges the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple's iPhone 7 wants you to cut the cord With the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple has removed the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack. To listen to music, you need a wireless set of earbuds or a separate adapter to connect corded headphones. by Lexy Savvides 1:49 Close Drag Apple wants a US court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. In one lawsuit filed in China, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "abused its clout in the chip industry," a violation of China's anti-monopoly law. Apple seeks 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages. A second accuses Qualcomm of not making its cellular standard essential patents available broadly and cheaply. It asks the court to determine the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple. Aberle said Qualcomm has been collecting royalties based on a phone's selling price for decades and said there's no legal precedent to suggest royalties should be collected based on a chip. "This is well understood, a well laid out concept," Aberle said. "It's consistent with the way not only Qualcomm has licensed in our own industry for decades but virtually every other patent holder seeking to collect royalties on their intellectual property." He added that Qualcomm offered Apple the same terms as its other licensees in China. It refused, he said. Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. The US FTC also has accused Qualcomm of illegally dominating the cellular chip market. Aberle said Qualcomm plans to appeal the KFTC ruling. And he accused Apple of making "false and misleading" statements to regulatory bodies around the globe. "Apple has been actively driving regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in jurisdictions around the world," he said during a call with analysts. Lots of chips On Wednesday, Qualcomm reported its fiscal first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders dropped to $682 million, or 46 cents a share, from $1.5 billion, or 99 cents a share. (That $850 million fine was a factor in the loss.) Excluding acquisition costs and other expenses for the quarter ended December 25, per-share earnings jumped to $1.19 from 97 cents. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.18 a share. 14 ODG's Qualcomm-powered glasses tout AR, VR Revenue climbed 3.9 percent to $6 billion, slightly below Wall Street's forecast for $6.12 billion. Revenue from Qualcomm's licensing business increased 10 percent to $1.86 billion. J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates about a third of Qualcomm's earnings are tied to Apple's royalty payments. If Apple stops paying royalties, Qualcomm's full-year earnings are at "material risk," he said. Qualcomm said during its call with analysts that about 40 percent of its revenue comes from selling chips and licensing its technology to Apple and Samsung, the two leaders in the phone market. For the second quarter, Qualcomm expects per-share earnings of $1.15 to $1.25 on revenue of $5.5 billion to $6.3 billion. Analysts polled by Yahoo Finance projected earnings of $1.20 a share on sales of $5.9 billion. Aberle said Qualcomm doesn't expect a financial impact from the litigation in the second quarter. Qualcomm shares slid 3.2 percent to $55.09 in after-hours trading. The company's stock has lost about 14 percent of its value since Apple filed its lawsuit in the US. Update at 1:35 p.m. PT: Adds Qualcomm financial information. Update at 2:30 p.m. PT and 2:50 p.m. PT: Adds comments from earnings conference call. Update at 3:05 p.m. PT: Adds Apple comment. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories How to get a free data plan for your tablet 9 tips every Uber addict should know HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Close   Discuss: Qualcomm CEO fires back at Apple: Bring it... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content TDWorld Search: Subscribe About Us Magazine Issues Advertise Shop Electrical Jobs Today Newsletters Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Energy Times Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Intelligent Undergrounding Substations Smart Utility Data Analytics Metering Renewables Advertisement Home > Renewables > NV Energy Announces Solar Agreement with Apple NV Energy Announces Solar Agreement with Apple Jan 25, 2017 EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 The projects will support Apple's renewable energy needs for its Reno data center.  Advertisement NV Energy and Apple have reached an agreement to build 200 MW of additional solar energy in Nevada by early 2019. The projects will support Apple's renewable energy needs for its Reno data center.  In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada (PUCN) to enter into a power purchase agreement (PPA) for the solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529 MW of new solar resources in construction in Nevada or under review for approval. This is in addition to the 491 MW of universal solar resources in Nevada currently serving NV Energy customers. Apple will also dedicate up to 5 MW of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers. Currently, NV Energy customers are served by more than 1,900 megawatts of renewable resources in Nevada, including 19 geothermal energy resources, 13 solar energy facilities, six hydro plants, one large wind farm and a variety of biomass, methane and other renewable energy projects. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 user-61612 on Jan 27, 2017 There is a large mix of renewable resources ( geothermal, solar, hydro wind farm, biomass, methane,---) in Navada. How the variance in these sytem affect the performance of power system reply Log In or Register to post comments Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your TDWorld ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Bringing Solar to the Big Apple DOE Signs Agreement With Research Institute To Develop High-Temperature Solar Thermal Storage System Ethiopia Agreement Will Help Transform Africa's Solar Market Abengoa Solar Closes Financing for the World's Largest Solar Generation Plant Solar to the Grid Connect Advertisement Latest News Jan 26, 2017 News London Hydro Deploys Bidgely HomeBeat for Behavioral Customer Engagement London Hydro recently announced findings from its digital customer behavioral energy efficiency program...More Jan 26, 2017 News Vectren Rolling out High NPV CVR Using Solution from Utilidata Utilidata, Inc. has announced a partnership with Vectren that will help the utility company deliver energy savings to Indiana customers...More Jan 26, 2017 Article For Utility Solution Providers, Who is Policing the Cyber Police? How well are manufacturers providing cyber protection for the equipment they provide to utilities?...More Jan 26, 2017 News Aclara Purchases Apex CoVantage, to Offer Mobile Workforce Services Aclara Technologies has acquired the Mobile Workforce Management and Smart Grid Solutions division of Apex CoVantage, LLC....More Latest on T&D How™ Dec 18, 2016 Video T&D How Drone Site Inspection 1 An unmanned aerial vehicle (drone) is used to do a site survey at an SDG&E battery bank installation....More Dec 18, 2016 Video T&D How Water Filtration Sleeve SDG&E crews use a high-capacity hydraulic pump with a filter sleeve to de-water a manhole....More Dec 18, 2016 Video T&D How Composite Pole Assembly A 45-foot fiberglass composite distribution pole is assembled in the SDG&E Training Yard....More Dec 5, 2016 Video T&D How BPA Install of Transmission Line: Framing 1 A crew frames up an H-Frame 115kV transmission line pole in eastern Washington...More Advertisement White Papers Transformer Testing Techniques and Standard Development Challenges and Solutions to Securing Critical Infrastructure in the Utilities Industry Enabling a Secure, Reliable and High-Performing Field Area Network with Cellular Technology  More White Papers T&DW Learning Center Handbook of Energy Engineering Calculations SOLVE ENERGY PROBLEMS QUICKLY AND ACCURATELY American Electrician's Handbook Sixteenth Edition For a century, the American Electricians' Handbook has served as the definitive industry reference for... Temporary Grounding for Lineworker Protection This essential safety reference shows how to install grounds... View CatalogView Shopping Cart Featured Jobs   More Jobs >> Bet You Haven't Seen This Advertisement TDWorld.com Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Intelligent Undergrounding Substations Smart Utility Renewables Site Features Media Center Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap View Mobile Site Penton Corporate About Us Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy Follow Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Search TDWorld.com Search: PISCES Related Penton Sites EC&M Electrical Wholesaling Electrical Marketing TD Compare Lineman's Rodeo Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Apple to build 200MW solar farm to power data center Apple to build 200MW solar farm to power data center Apple is working toward 100% renewable energy use Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 26 January, 2017 08:19 - - - - print email Comments Apple announced today a joint venture with Nevada Energy (NV Energy) to build out 200MW of photovoltaic solar capacity to power its data center in Reno, Nevada. The solar farm is expected to be live by early 2019. Apple’s data center is located at the Reno Technology Park; the company has also submitted plans to build another data center campus adjacent to its existing one. Apple has steadily been working toward a goal of 100% renewable energy over the past several years. It already uses 100% renewable energy for its data center in North Carolina; some of it comes from a biofuels plant and the rest from solar farms. In 2015, Apple announced all of its U.S. facilities -- and 87% of its operations worldwide -- were powered by renewable energy. In Singapore, for example, the company is powering its manufacturing facilities with 32MW of solar panels that are located atop more than 800 rooftops. In China, the company is adding 170MW of solar power to supplement power used to manufacture iPhones and other products there. Also in 2015, Apple announced it was investing $848 million in a solar farm to power its California operations, including its new Cupertino campus, along with retail stores and a data center in Fremont. The deal pushed Apple past Walmart as the largest corporate user of solar power. The 2015 solar project represented 130MW of solar power through a 25-year purchasing agreement from the California Flats Solar Project. Apple Apple built a 50MW solar power plant on 300 acres in Florence, Ariz., which is used to power its Mesa data center. Last September, Apple joined the global renewable energy initiative RE100, an organization committed to helping companies and municipalities reach 100% renewable energy. "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100% renewable energy across all our operations," Lisa Jackson, Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives, stated in a news release. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada to enter into a power purchase agreement for the new solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529MW of new solar capacity under construction in Nevada, or under review for approval. "Apple will also dedicate up to 5MW of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers," the company stated. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleFaceTimeTechnology Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Latest Jobs Team Lead - Infrastructure, Cloud and Cyber Security QLD Senior Network Engineer NSW System Engineer - Adelaide WA JDEVELOPER NSW UNIX / Linux Engineer NSW Infrastructure Solution Architect SA iOS Developer NSW Manager - Field Services VIC Data Centre Design Engineer - Data Centre - Telco VIC Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Paul Williams new Pacific National IT chief ​Brisbane City Council tech project faces possible $60m blowout ​Google becomes its own Root Certificate Authority CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Five arrested for hacking into ATMs and stealing $3.2 million Cisco starts patching critical flaw in WebEx browser extension Compliance focus, too much security expertise hurts awareness programs Computerworld Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Microsoft gets unexpected bump in Windows revenue Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ Corruption claims over failed $240m Ultranet project ARN Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Former Webroot head joins Insentra A partner's guide to weeding out Australia’s “warmware” risks Optus vaults into Voice over Wi-Fi services Techworld The world's largest solar farm contains 2.5 million solar modules Alt Twitter government accounts spring up to challenge Trump LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make first 7-nm chips this year CMO CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 27 January 2017 How HBF rolled out marketing automation in eight months De Castro takes marketing and sales reins at AGL Updated: Ganschow, Ristevski, Kirby join NAB's marketing leadership team Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Jump to main content Jump to navigation Recombu Front Page Mobile Phones Phones Browse All Phones Android Phones iPhone Windows Phone BlackBerry Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Apple iPhone 6s View deals Read review Apple iPhone 6s Plus View deals Read review News All news Features Apps Latest News HTC 10 Evo Camera Review: Photo and video samples and tests Google Swordfish smartwatch in a nutshell: Specs, rumours and how it compares to the Angelfish Best Android smartwatches 2017 Reviews All reviews Latest Reviews HTC 10 Evo Review: In Depth Lenovo P2 Review: In Depth Wileyfox Swift 2 X Review: In Depth Videos Compare Pay monthly Pay as you go SIM only SIM free Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Apple iPhone 6s View deals Read review Apple iPhone 6s Plus View deals Read review Broadband & TV Cars Channel: Mobile Phones Front Page Broadband & TV Cars Show/hide navigation Home / Mobile / Features / Article OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 3 Pokémon GO Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Recombu Awards You might also like... × iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Apple iPhone 7 Review: In Depth iPhone 7: 4 killer features that make it better than Android OR Never miss an article again Enter your email below to keep up to date with the latest news, reviews and exclusive deals on Recombu. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus camera tips and tricks guide: Master Apple's iPhone cameras By Chris Barraclough 25th Jan 2017 Features iPhone Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Tweet Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus camera tips and tricks guide: Get the most from your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus camera with these handy tips, including how to use the best hidden features, how to tweak the camera’s settings, info on the 7 Plus’ new Portrait mode and lots more besides. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus boast Apple’s all-new mobile camera tech, capable of shooting gorgeous photos in almost any conditions. But to get the best possible results you’ll need to know exactly how to use those cameras and their hidden modes and features. Here’s our in-depth iPhone 7 camera tips and tricks, plus a look at the exclusive iPhone 7 Plus camera tools such as the Portrait mode, so you can master these mighty miniature snappers. Read next: iPhone 7 and 7 Plus tips and tricks to get the most out of your new Apple phone iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: What are the camera specs? The iPhone 7 sports Apple’s latest 12-megapixel camera, an update on the 12-meg snapper found on the iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and SE. It’s now better for low light photography, as you’ll see in our iPhone 7 camera review and comparison. Conversely, the iPhone 7 Plus packs two 12-megapixel lenses, which work together to produce even more impressive photos. You get an f/1.8 aperture wide-angle lens, which is the main camera lens, plus an f/2.8 aperture telephoto lens which adds a 2x optical zoom to the phone (On top of the 10x digital zoom). These zoom features are particularly handy when shooting wildlife, architecture and so on. The 7 Plus can also shoot video with the 2x optical zoom, as well as up to 6x digital zoom. However, the iPhone 7 has no optical zoom and maxes out at 5x digital zoom, which isn’t available for video. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus also boast built-in optical image stabilisation, to cut down on blurry photos due to hand shakes as well as trembly video footage. You have HDR support to deal with tricky contrast and a powerful Quad-tone LED flash for night shots. Apple’s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus handsets can also shoot up to 4K Ultra HD resolution video, although by default they shoot Full HD footage at 30 frames-per-second. Check out our tip on changing resolution for instructions on switching to 4K movie capture. Take a look at our iPhone 7 Plus camera review to see what we think of this premium smartphone snapper, including a run-down of all of its camera features. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How do I use the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ camera? The great thing about the iPhone 7 Plus’ camera is that you really don’t need instructions. It’s very much a point-and-shoot snapper; just open the camera app, aim it at your subject and tap the on-screen shutter button to take a snap. You have a few camera features that you can toggle on and off, lined up along the left hand side of the camera app. These are, from top to bottom: Filters - Use these to change the look of your photos instantly. This works by altering the colour saturation and other factors. Timer - Add a 3-second or 10-second timer, so you can take a group photo with yourself included. Live Photo - This middle icon toggles Apple’s Live Photo mode on and off. More on this later. HDR mode - This is best left on auto. HDR helps to deal with tricky contrast by taking three separate photos, all with different exposure levels, and then stitching them together. In this way, you get less oversaturation and murky areas in your high-contrast photos. Flash - Can be turned on, off or left on auto mode. You can also check out your most recent photos by tapping the preview window in the bottom right corner of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ camera app. And if you want to switch between the front and rear cameras, tap the icon in the top right corner. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How to switch to Slow Motion, Timelapse and other camera modes You have a small selection of special camera modes which you can switch between at any time, simply by swiping your finger up or down the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus’ screen. These special camera modes are (in order from top to bottom): Pano - Short for Panorama. Hold your iPhone 7 in portrait mode and then tap the shutter button and move your phone horizontally at a slow and steady rate. Square - Simply a photo mode that shoots pics with a square aspect ratio. Portrait - This camera mode is exclusive to the iPhone 7 Plus, so you won’t find it on the iPhone 7. The reason for this is the need for two camera lenses, something the iPhone 7 lacks. Check out our section on what Portrait mode is for more info. Photo - The default camera mode. Capture photos by tapping the shutter button. Video - Swipe your finger up once to swap to video mode, which allows you to record home movies. Slo-Mo - A slow motion video mode. You can manually change the section of the video which is played back in slow-mo, after you’ve already shot it. More on this later. Time-lapse - A greatly speeded up video, which is particularly effective when shooting a street scene or something with a lot of motion over an extended period. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: Are there any proper manual controls? If you want to manually fiddle with the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus’ camera settings, then we have bad news. While you can focus on a specific area with a tap, thus overriding the phone’s autofocus, there’s not much more you can do to tweak your snaps while shooting. However, it is possible to change the exposure level with a swipe of your finger. Just manually focus on your subject by tapping them in the viewing window and you’ll notice a box appears around them, along with a sun icon on the right side. Press your finger to this icon and slide up to boost the exposure, or down to make things darker. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: Fast access from the lock screen or Control Center In iOS 10, you can quickly load up the camera app without actually unlocking your iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Handy for any impromptu action shots. To do so, just tap the iPhone’s power or home button, or raise the phone, so the lock screen flashes up. From the lock screen, swipe your finger left across the screen and the camera app will appear. Now just shoot away! If your phone is already unlocked, don’t faff around finding the camera icon on your desktops. Just flick your finger up from the bottom of the iPhone 7’s screen to bring up the Control Center, and you’ll spy a camera icon in the bottom right corner. Tap that to access the camera app. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: 3D Touch shortcuts Although 3D Touch is still a grossly underused feature, it can be handy on the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus when it comes to camera shortcuts. Prod the camera icon on your desktop or the Control Center nice and hard. You’ll see a sub-menu pop up, which can be used to jump straight into video mode or slow-mo mode. You can also activate the FaceTime camera to take a swift selfie, rather than fiddling around switching cameras inside the app. Not exactly a major time-saver, but worth bearing in mind all the same. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: What are Live Photos and how do they work? Apple’s Live Photos feature captures a second or two of live action with each photo that you take. This is a decent feature if you’re constantly snapping your kids, as these little snippets can be quite comedic when you’re scrolling through your virtual photo album. Of course, bear in mind that Live Photos also take up more storage space, so you’ll want to use this feature sparingly if you have a 32GB model of iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. To activate or deactivate Live Photos, just tap the central icon on the left edge of the iPhone’s camera app. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How to zoom The iPhone 7 Plus has a special optical zoom mode thanks to its secondary telephoto lens. You can use this to get closer to your subjects, with no loss in detail. On the right edge of the camera app’s viewfinder you’ll see an icon that says ‘1x’. This is the current level of zoom. Tap that to switch to the telephoto lens. You’ll notice the image instantly grows bigger and the icon changes to ‘2x’. You also have a digital zoom with both new iPhones, which basically crops the edges of the picture and blows up the centre of the image, to artificially zoom. To activate this, just swipe your finger up or down that zoom icon. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How to use Portrait mode The iPhone 7 Plus offers a new and exclusive camera feature known as Portrait mode. Portrait mode plays with the depth of field of a shot, blurring out the background by capturing a photo using both lenses. Check out the before and after results below for an idea of how this works. You can find Portrait mode by entering the camera app and flicking your finger down the screen once. Note that this mode requires you to position the camera at least a few inches away from your subject; you’ll know if you’re too close as the app will warn you to move further back. When you’re ready and the Depth Effect icon is yellow, take the shot by tapping the shutter button as usual. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How to change video resolution to 4K The only major pain in the arse with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ camera app is that you have to exit the app and go to the iPhone’s main settings menu to change the video resolution. By default, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus record video in Full HD resolution, at 30 frames-per-second. You can boost this to 60 frames-per-second or even bump the resolution to 4K Ultra HD in the settings. Tap the iPhone’s Settings app and scroll down to Photos & Camera. Scroll down some more and you’ll see a ‘Camera’ section, which offers a choice of resolutions for standard video as well as slow motion footage. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus camera tips and tricks: How to edit slow-mo (slow motion) videos on the iPhone 7 If you’ve already shot some slow-mo video on the iPhone 7, you can edit it to specify which section plays back in slow-mo. To do this, head to your photo album and select the slow-mo clip. Now tap the edit icon, which looks like three lines with a circle on each. A timeline will pop up, complete with a slider bar above it. The chunk between the two large lines shows which part of the video plays in slow motion. All you need to do is slide those two lines left or right until you’re satisfied and then tap ‘done’. You can pick up the iPhone 7 Plus from O2 right now, starting from £50 per month on contract Do you like this article? Tweet You should also read iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Apple iPhone 7 Review: In Depth iPhone 7: 4 killer features that make it better than Android Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge iPhone 7: 6 reasons you should buy Android instead Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Which is best for me? Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price, release date and best deals What is iOS and what does iOS stand for? 3D Touch Apps - The Best Apple iPhone Apps That Use 3D Touch iPhone 7 Plus camera review: How does it compare with the iPhone 7 camera? Promoted stories Join the conversation View the discussion thread. You should also read 1 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone 2 Apple iPhone 7 Review: In Depth 3 iPhone 7: 4 killer features that make it better than Android 4 Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge 5 iPhone 7: 6 reasons you should buy Android instead Our partners Most read 1 Updating your Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge to Android Nougat: How to do it and why you should 2 How to add extra storage to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones 3 Best S7 Hidden Features: Get the most out of your Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge 4 Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming in 2017 5 What is Android and what is an Android phone? Be the first to know Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions, the best deals and the latest news Latest Reviews 1 HTC 10 Evo Review: In Depth 2 Lenovo P2 Review: In Depth 3 Wileyfox Swift 2 X Review: In Depth 4 Honor 6X Review: In Depth 5 Moto Z Play Review: In Depth Suggested Reading iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Mobile Phones Coming Soon: The Best Phones launching in 2017 Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming in 2017 When is the next Apple launch event and what will be launched? Updating your Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge to Android Nougat: How to do it and why you should Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more What are the best Android mobile phones right now? Pokédex For Pokémon GO – All The Pokémon You Can Catch Or Evolve Disney Emoji Blitz: Tips and tricks guide to unlock all of the Disney emoji Neko Atsume tips & tricks: How to get free gold and silver fish, cheats, hacks and more Read next × iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Back to top ↑ Mobile Phones News Reviews Videos Deals Broadband & TV Providers News Speed Test Compare Deals Cars News Reviews Videos Follow Recombu Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube About us Work with us Contact us Meet the team Awards Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright © Recombu 2017. All rights reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News AT&T, Qualcomm Mixed; Sands Misses; eBay Meets; United Rentals Beats Las Vegas Sands, the first Macau-heavy casino operator, fell short of earnings and revenue forecasts late Wednesday. (Las Vegas Sands Corp.) ELAINE LOW 1/25/2017 Reprints AT&T (T) earnings met and Qualcomm (QCOM) just beat, while Las Vegas Sands (LVS) missed on the top and bottom lines. Also, eBay (EBAY)  matched forecasts, while United Rentals (URI) was upbeat on 2017. AT&T The telecom giant, which is buying Time Warner (TWX), recently said its new video streaming service, DirecTV Now, drove the addition of more than 200,000 video subscribers in the fourth quarter. Estimates: Q4 EPS up 4.8% to 66 cents with revenue down 0.2% to $42.04 billion. Results: EPS of 66 cents on revenue of $41.8 billion. Net wireless subscribers rose by 2.8 million. Outlook: Excluding Time Warner, 2017 EPS growth in the mid-single digits and revenue growth in the low-single digits. Analysts see a 4% EPS gain and 2% revenue growth in 2017. Stock: AT&T edged up 0.4% late. Shares closed 0.1% higher at 41.39 on the stock market today, as it forms a cup-with-handle base with a 43.13 entry. RELATED: AT&T Says DirecTV Now Streaming Service Drove Video Adds Qualcomm The chipmaker is one of Cowen's picks amid telecom investments in 5G wireless technology. Estimates: Q1 EPS to increase 22% to $1.18 as revenue grows 6% to $6.12 billion. Results: EPS of $1.19 on revenue of $5.99 billion. Outlook: Q2 EPS of $1.15-$1.25, in line with consensus for $1.20, on revenue of $5.5 billion-$6.3 billion, also in line with consensus for $5.9 billion. Stock: Qualcomm fell 2.3% late. Shares finished 3.45% higher at 56.90. The stock sank 12.7% Monday amid a suit by Apple (AAPL) and charges from the Federal Trade Commission for anti-competitive tactics. Qualcomm said it would vigorously fight the FTC charges, calling them flawed and political. Qualcomm also has said Apple's claims are "baseless," accusing the iPhone giant of "encouraging regulatory attacks" around the world. RELATED: Qualcomm: Apple Is 'Encouraging Regulatory Attacks' Las Vegas Sands The casino operator gets the bulk of its revenue from Macau, recently opening a new casino-resort. Estimates: EPS up 6.5% to 66 cents, as revenue rises 8.8% to $3.11 billion. Results: EPS of 62 cents on revenue of $3.08 billion. Stock: Las Vegas Sands sank 4.3% after hours. Shares ended up 1.2% at 56.65 Wednesday. Las Vegas Sands tumbled last month on reports of new cash-withdrawal restrictions in the Chinese gambling mecca Macau. RELATED: Las Vegas Sands, MGM Are Buys; Nike A 'Best Idea,' Micron Upgraded United Rentals The construction and industrial equipment rental company has been enjoying a postelection rally. Estimates: EPS up 2% to $2.24 on revenue of $1.5 billion. Results: EPS of $2.67 on revenue of $1.52 billion. Outlook: 2017 revenue of $5.75 billion-$5.95 billion, largely above consensus of $5.76 billion. United Rentals also said it agreed to buy NES Rentals, which rents out construction equipment, for $965 million in cash, expanding its footprint on the East Coast, Gulf states and Midwest. Stock: United Rentals jumped 8.3% late. Shares closed 0.6% higher at 114.26. The stock has been on an upswing after popping above their 50-day line on Nov. 9. President Trump has vowed more infrastructure and other stimulus to boost economic growth, which should be good for United Rentals RELATED: New High Analysis: Check Point Soars, United Rentals Tests Support EBay The online marketplace could be an "under-the-radar beneficiary" of the holiday shopping season, according to a Benchmark analyst. Estimates: Q4 EPS, minus items, up 8% to 54 cents on 4% revenue growth to $2.4 billion. Results: EPS of 54 cents on revenue of $2.4 billion. Outlook: Q1 EPS of 46-48 cents, below views for 50 cents, on revenue of $2.17 billion-$2.21 billion, light vs. consensus for $2.21 billion. Full-year EPS of $1.98-$2.03, below Wall Street views for $2.06, on revenue of $9.3 billion-$9.5 billion, with the midpoint a bit better than views for $9.36 billion. Stock: eBay popped 9% late. Shares edged up 0.8% to close at 30.23 as they form a cup-with-handle base with 31.26 entry point. RELATED: Will Q4 Earnings Show eBay To Be An Under-The-Radar Beneficiary? ELAINE LOW | Facebook | @IBD_Elow Share this: Related news Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. (GrayMark/Shutterstock) STMicro, Maxim Integrated Products Among Big Chip Gainers 1/27/2017 Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. 1/27/2017 Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings... Apple iPhone Loses No. 1 Position In China Smartphone Market Nasdaq Scores 1.9% Weekly Gain; Facebook, Apple Steady Ahead Of Earnings Amazon Shoppers To Use PayPal Accounts For Purchases? The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Wynn Shares Take Off As Strong Palace Results Offset Miss Comcast Joins Apple, Netflix As Stock Splits Rarer Nasdaq Edges Up; Why Apple Is Emerging As A Big Cap Leader Again Expectations High For Apple, Facebook, Amazon Ahead Of Earnings Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Dropcam co-founder who hated working for iPod creator Tony Fadell joins Apple New, 5 comments by Natt Garun@nattgarun Jan 25, 2017, 3:52pm EST share tweet Linkedin Apple has hired Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy for an undisclosed position, reports The Information. The move to Apple is an interesting one, considering rumors of a culture clash between Duffy and former Nest CEO Tony Fadell, who led development on the iPod at Apple before founding Nest. Last year, Duffy said that selling Dropcam to Nest was a “mistake” and criticized Fadell for the way he ran the company, calling him a “tyrant bureaucrat.” Duffy departed Nest in 2015 and continued working for Google as an Entrepreneur in Residence until he ultimately quit later that same year. We’re not exactly sure how Duffy will fit in at Apple, which also boasts a rigid corporate culture. The news comes just days after Nest rehired its old Chief Technology Officer, Yoky Matsuoka, back after her own run at Apple. The Information speculates that Duffy is expected to be “leading a special project at Apple,” similar to how Apple’s autonomous car team, Project Titan, operates separately from the core business. More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Best Tablets Best Deals Best 2-in-1s College Laptops Gaming Laptops Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Security Alert: Why You Need to Update macOS Now By Henry T. Casey | January 24, 2017 01:15 pm MORE Apple's incremental updates to macOS may not arrive with many new features, but yesterday's (Jan. 23) macOS 10.12.3 Sierra update is an important security-focused update worth downloading immediately. Available for free now, the update battens down the hatches to save users from a variety of attacks that could hijack systems at the root level. In the documentation for the update, the company lists 11 solutions to common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVEs), the formal name for security flaws. Of those, four are especially frightening, as they would give attackers the power to install software with the highest level of access. These deep-level installations could take place at the kernel level of the system and give access to a Mac's storage, webcam and microphone. Attackers could then transmit that collected information back to their servers, and continue to do so without being noticed. One vulnerability even used Apple's implementation of Bluetooth to execute code at the kernel level. MORE: Best Apple Laptops However, there was something missing from yesterday's round of updates: security patches for OS X 10.11 El Capitan and OS X 10.10 Yosemite. This may indicate a new policy on Apple's part, and a possible end of support for the previous versions of the Mac operating system. Until now, when Apple pushed out an update to the current Mac OS, it usually also pushed out security updates for the previous two versions. So El Capitan and Yosemite got patched in October and December 2016 along with updates to Sierra, and Yosemite and OS X 10.9 Mavericks were patched along with updates to El Capitan before that. We've asked Apple whether any further security updates are planned for El Capitan and Yosemite, and will update this story when we receive a reply. To install macOS 10.12.3, click the Apple icon in the top left corner of your screen, select App Store and click Updates. macOS 10.12.3 includes a Safari update that brings the web browser to version 10.0.3. It includes fixes to 12 flaws, 11 of which patch vulnerabilities in the WebKit engine that allowed malicious content to be delivered onto, or executed on, systems. Safari 10.0.3 is also available as a stand-alone download for users still running OS X El Capitan or OS X Yosemite.  Even Microsoft is getting in on the Apple-device-patching action, with an update to its Remote Desktop service. Without the update, users tricked into clicking a malicious link could hand over read and write access to their home directories, and allow attackers to execute code on their systems. Open the Microsoft AutoUpdate app to download this update. Researchers from Google's Project Zero team are credited for discovering 10 of the patched vulnerabilities. If you own an iPhone or iPad, make sure that device is updated to version 10.2.1 so that it gains the same patches to WebKit and kernel-level attacks. If you use a 2016 MacBook Pro and experience battery life issues, this update may provide an added perk. Apple doesn't mention this in its release notes, but Consumer Reports noted that the beta versions of macOS 10.12.3 included the update that solved its issues with unreliable battery life. ✖ Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Next Article »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins More Tips Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Author Bio Henry T. Casey, After graduating from Bard College a B.A. in Literature, Henry T. Casey worked in publishing and product development at Rizzoli and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, respectively. Henry joined Tom's Guide and LAPTOP having written for The Content Strategist, Tech Radar and Patek Philippe International Magazine. He divides his free time between going to live concerts, listening to too many podcasts, and mastering his cold brew coffee process. Content rules everything around him. Henry T. Casey, on Add a comment Email Name Firstname Comment Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES The Best Laptop Deals of Today: 2-in-1s, Tablets, More Windows 10 Game Mode is Live For Insiders, But Maybe Hold Off Save 10 percent on Editors' Choice XPS and Alienware Laptops This Gadget Can Tell if Your USB Type-C Cable Is Dangerous Google Claims Chrome Update Speeds Up Reload Time COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple sues Qualcomm in Beijing, seeking 1 billion yuan Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 3:43 PM ETReuters SHARES show chapters Qualcomm CEO: Apple has been driving regulatory attacks    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 5:46 PM ET | 04:08 Apple filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, alleging the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, Beijing's Intellectual Property Court said in a statement on Wednesday. Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm which accused it of failing to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Albert Gea | Reuters People walk past Qualcomm's stand during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain February 24, 2016. In an emailed statement, Qualcomm said it had not yet seen the full complaints against it filed in the Chinese court. But Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said Qualcomm had offered Apple the same terms as other customers after a 2015 regulatory ruling in China and that his firm would defend its business model in Chinese courts. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Rosenberg said in the statement. "Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them." The lawsuits follow a decision by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to file a complaint on Jan. 17 in which it accused Qualcomm of using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly of a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Apple followed with a related lawsuit last Friday. It asked a federal court in California for $1 billion in promised rebates and accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips. Qualcomm did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The company said previously that it would contest both the FTC and the Apple lawsuit filed in the United States. The chip maker faces legal challenges across the globe. South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. show chapters Qualcomm CFO sees China softness    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 4:37 PM ET | 01:28 Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change QCOM --- AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 28, 4:14 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple, Qualcomm Lawsuit: Two New Suits Seek 1 Billion Yuan In Damages By Denisse Moreno On 01/25/17 AT 3:58 PM Close Apple filed lawsuits against telecommunications equipment company Qualcomm in Beijing, accusing it of abusing its position in the chip industry, Reuters reported Wednesday. Apple is seeking $1 billion yuan ($145.32 million USD) in damages. In a second lawsuit, Apple focuses on patent agreements and alleged the chip supplier failed to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively, Beijing's Intellectual Property Court said, according to Reuters . Qualcomm is a major supplier for Apple and its rival Samsung for modem chips that links devices to wireless networks. Apple and Samsung made up 40 percent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Apple used Qualcomm's chips until its latest iPhone 7 generation in last September, when its exclusivity agreement signed from 2011 until 2016 expired. Qualcomm said in a statement that it had not yet seen the complaints made by Apple. Related Stories Apple Reveals Find My AirPods With New Beta Update Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1 Billion "These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology,” said Qualcomm Executive Vice President Don Rosenberg. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them.” The chip supplier added it “is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world.”   Wednesday’s lawsuits followed Apple’s $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm last Friday, days after the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm over patent royalty practices and for allegedly engaging in anticompetitive tactics to ensure its monopoly on a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Apple also accused the company of overcharging for its chips. Qualcomm is also being investigated in Europe, Japan and Taiwan for anticompetitive and monopolistic trade practices. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Twitter Says FBI Forced It To Share User Data The company made public Friday two national security request asking for user account data without any legal warrants, after the gag orders imposed by FBI were lifted. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National ‘Americans Deserve Borders,’ Milo Yiannopoulos Says The Greek-born British journalist said he will build a wall himself to control illegal immigration and that the wall is necessary for the U.S. to flourish. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Police pull up van man engaged in dual carriageway sex act VPN on Android means 'Voyeuristic Peeper Network' in many cases NASA honors Apollo 1 crew 50 years after deadly launchpad fire Tesla sues ex-manager 'for stealing 100GBs of Autopilot secrets' Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Memory loss: Toshiba puts chip biz up for sale Happy Friday: Busted Barracuda update borks corporate firewalls New York to draft in 250 IT contractors because state staff 'lack talent' Microsoft's Cloud UI brings Windows full circle Solaris continuous upgrades have already begun, says Oracle Windows code-signing tweaks sure to irritate software developers Google tests Android Instant Apps streamed on-demand to mobes VMware user group fight leaves community diminished VPN on Android means 'Voyeuristic Peeper Network' in many cases Wow, look out, hackers: Trump to order 60-day cybersecurity probe Texas cops lose evidence going back eight years in ransomware attack National Audit Office: UK's military is buying more than it can afford UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Is Kubernetes a little too terrifying? Platform9 has a safe space for you Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary Policy The Channel Apple eats itself as iPhone fatigue spreads Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip ENTA founder Tsai gets banhammer as company director for 13 years BT's profits plunge 37% following Italian Job WTF? Francis Ford Coppola crowdsources Apocalypse Now game PS4 Pro woes: Random display blackouts caught on camera HP Inc recalls 101,000 laptop batteries before they halt and catch fire Modular dud drags LG to first loss in six years SPB Geek's Guide NASA honors Apollo 1 crew 50 years after deadly launchpad fire NASA brews better test to find ET in cosmic cocktails This goldfish and its steerable robot tank will destroy humanity I'm deadly serious about megatunnels, vows Elon Musk Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Tesla sues ex-manager 'for stealing 100GBs of Autopilot secrets' Bloke launches twinkly range of BBC Micro:bit accessory boards AI eggheads: Our cancer-spotting code rivals dermatologists I've got a brand new combine harvester and I'll give you the API key Verity Stob Police pull up van man engaged in dual carriageway sex act Did you know? The FBI investigated Gamergate. Now you can read the agents' thrilling dossier Counter-terror cops arrest pair for sending poo-smeared toilet paper to public figures Devonians try to drive Dartmoor whisky plan onto rocks More like this Chips Patents China Qualcomm Business Policy Apple goes global in Qualcomm license war: Patent spat hits China One-billion Yuan lawsuit in Middle Kingdom alleges further royalty wrongdoings 25 Jan 2017 at 20:39, Shaun Nichols Apple has taken its legal battle against Qualcomm international with a pair of lawsuits in China. The suits, filed with the Beijing Intellectual Property Court, accuse the chip designer of breaking China's anti-monopoly law and challenge the patent-licensing contract between Apple and Qualcomm in China. The filings seek damages of one billion Yuan, or approximately US$145 million. The complaints are the second legal challenge Apple has lobbed at Qualcomm in as many weeks. The Cupertino giant has also filed a $1bn suit in a California District Court on charges that Qualcomm had for years been gouging it on royalties and withholding payments as retaliation for Apple's participation in a South Korean antitrust probe. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said today. "Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them. These terms were consistent with our NDRC Rectification plan. "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world. We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem." Both companies have had legal troubles in China, with Apple facing threats of trade sanctions and Qualcomm fighting intellectual property claims. In February 2015, Qualy coughed up $1bn to make its licensing row with China's NDRC officials go away. Meanwhile, Qualcomm still faces a suit from the FTC for allegations of patent licensing abuses toward Apple and other hardware manufacturers that license Qualcomm designs. That case also involves Apple, with the FTC alleging that Qualcomm bribed Apple into exclusively using its chip designs for the iPhone with the lure of more favorable royalty fees. Apple and Qualcomm ended their exclusivity deal last year, with Intel now providing some iPhone baseband chips. Qualcomm has denied those charges as well. ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 11 Comments More from The Register Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Tech sector needs decluttering 50 Comments Chinese chip shop looks hot to trot as Tsinghua drops $30bn on factory Largest fab in the Middle Kingdom to be surrounded by huge 'international city' 2 Comments Bristol AI chip upstart Graphcore scores $30m in VC dosh Silicon for machine learning that it hopes will 'challenge Nvidia' We burned chips in 2016... but then semiconductor sales got healthy again. Whew Memory is king: Industrial, auto, storage app ICs grow 6 Comments Frisky patent WAR: Samsung seeks to BLOCK Nvidia graphics chips from US market South Korean tech giant files complaint with trade watchdog 16 Comments Guess who: Storage chip maker [blank] can't wait for all-storage-chip data centers +Comment It's Intel, we're talking about Intel 6 Comments Whitepapers Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. Building your DLP strategy and process Forcepoint works with its clients around the world to develop effective strategies and processes for implementing data loss prevention (DLP) programs. IT’s guide for securing and managing business content Connect the Box Reporting API to your BI or SIEM solutions to get detailed reports and real-time updates on the activity surrounding your content. Relying on Averages to Anticipate Application Performance Can Be Risky Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump signs 'no privacy for non-Americans' order – what does that mean for rest of us? Oracle sues its own star sales rep after she wins back $200k in pay fight Apple eats itself as iPhone fatigue spreads IBM's SoftLayer is having a meltdown – and customers aren't happy President Trump tweets from insecure Android, security boffins roll eyes Spotlight Why Theresa May’s hard Brexit might be softer than you think Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation Has Samsung, er, rounded the corner with Apple court win? What's in Hammond's box? Autumn fallout for Britain's tech SMBs Brexit means Brexit: What the heck does that mean... US telecoms industry weighs up the Trump effect Facebook Fake News won it for Trump? That's a Zombie theory Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.

Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes Apple so special Matt Weinberger Jan. 24, 2017, 3:33 PM 61,293 facebook linkedin twitter email print Using a Microsoft Surface BookMelia Robinson/Business Insider I'm trying to buy a laptop for myself. Nothing too fancy; just something on which I can play some games and watch some movies when I'm not using the MacBook Air given to me by work or testing out loaner laptops for review. Right now, I'm strongly leaning towards a Windows 10 laptop, not least because I've come to prefer Microsoft's operating system over even the latest Apple MacOS. But it's also because, you know, Windows laptops are almost always cheaper than a comparable Mac, and I'm not made of money. And yet, buying a Windows laptop can be an extremely frustrating and time-consuming process, and all the Dell, Lenovo, HP, and Asus machines I'm looking at tend to blur together after a while. Just browsing the PC section at any given store involves comparing a lot of very similar looking machines, all with very slight variations on screen resolution, processor speed, memory, and the like. I like to think of myself as reasonably tech savvy, and it's still exhausting — not to mention the fear I might pick the "wrong" PC and waste my cash. It's a great reminder of just how smart Apple has gotten in the twenty or so years since Steve Jobs came back to the company and launched the company-saving iMac: Buying a Mac is so much easier and more straightforward than buying a PC ever has been. And it's a big part of why Apple keeps growing market share in a shrinking PC industry. The genius of Apple If you have an older MacBook, the new MacBook is guaranteed to be better. Trade up the thing you know you like for the newest version of the thing you like. Apple only has five PC product lines to choose from — MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air, plus the iMac and languishing Mac Pro and Mac Mini desktop computers. This is a vastly streamlined process, taking a lot of the stress out of computer shopping. Walk in to an Apple Store with your budget set, and Apple has the right laptop for that price point — provided you're willing to spend at least $499 for the Mac Mini or $999 for the MacBook Air, the cheapest Apple desktop and laptop computers you can currently get. Steve Jobs introduces the iMac in 1997.Mousse Mousse/Reuters And speaking of the Apple Store, that was another big Steve Jobs initiative that really helped the Mac become what it is today. It provides a friendly place to try Macs out, as well as knowledgeable staff members who can help you figure out if you really need a MacBook Pro versus a MacBook Air.  All of this together, combined with its famed "It Just Works" approach to software, is a big part of why Apple can command luxury prices, even when the specs on each individual machine may not be anything special compared to a PC. Macs don't even have touchscreens yet! They're simply easier to buy, and you can be assured you're getting something better when you trade up from last year's model to the new one. People are willing to pay when you spare them a difficult decision. On babies and bathwater From Microsoft's perspective, Apple's oversimplified approach is throwing the babies out with the bathwater: One of the longtime strengths of Windows is that you can get it on expensive, high-end gaming PCs, or you can get it on the cheap $200 laptops you can find at Walmart. It's been this way pretty much since Windows launched in the 80's. As an operating system company, not primarily a hardware company, Microsoft is a big fan of Windows making its way to computers of all shapes and sizes. The variety and choice available to the consumer is a wonderful thing, but it also increases complexity and the difficulty of making a decision. At the same time, Microsoft is attacking Apple's market position with its Surface line of hardware. In the same way that this year's MacBook is better than last year's MacBook, the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is better than the Surface Pro 3, which is better than the 2. It's a clear, logical way to label its own premium hardware line that makes things clear to customers without going into the specs. Matt Weinberger And while they're not as common as the Apple Store in most places, the company has made a big bet on the Microsoft Store, where the company showcases a relative select few Windows laptops and tablets, with employees on hand to guide through the process and offer tech support. Still, not everybody can go to a Microsoft Store, and not everybody can afford those higher-end machines. I have a hunch that a lot of shoppers end up just buying what's on sale at Best Buy or Costco that week and moving on with their lives.  That's how PC shopping has always been, and as long as there's a PC market, that's how it'll always be. And I'll probably still pick up a Windows 10 laptop. It's just that this process has really made me reflect on how Apple spotted a real hole in the market, and exploited it for all it's worth. SEE ALSO: The story of how Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster and led it to rule the world, in 39 photos NOW WATCH: 6 things the iPhone can’t do that Android phones can Loading video... More: Apple Windows Windows PC facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes Apple so special Trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes Apple so special I'm trying to buy a laptop for myself. Nothing... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple continues antitrust fight with Qualcomm with two new lawsuits – The Verge Posted on January 25, 2017 by The Verge In the first lawsuit, Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan (over $145 million USD), according to Reuters, claiming that Qualcomm violated China’s anti-monopoly law and harmed it by abusing the company’s market position as a dominant chip supplier. Details … Apple sues Qualcomm in China over iPhone modem chip licensing termsAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple expands Qualcomm legal spat to ChinaCNET Apple Is Taking Its Fight Against Qualcomm To ChinaForbes Motley Fool -Reuters -PR Newswire (press release) -The San Diego Union-Tribune all 17 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On What's On News Apple What's On This is how to check if your iPhone charger is fake Trading standards officers seized 42,159 items, most of which were fake, in Newcastle last week  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 19:00, 25 JAN 2017 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in How to tell if your iPhone charger is fake Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email iPhone owners are being warned off buying budget chargers. The warnings come after it was revealed a whopping 99 per cent of bargain chargers failed a basic safety test. The chargers in question can be purchased from online suppliers around the world. A huge stash of fake phone accessories were seized from online trader Gianni Falchi, it was revealed in court this week. When trading standards officers raided his premises in Newcastle, they seized 42,159 items, most of which were fake. Read More Unhappy with iOS 10? How to downgrade your Apple device back to iOS 9 The Gosforth trader was jailed for 16 months after flogging items purporting to be legit Apple and Samsung products. But why should consumers avoid fake chargers, and how can you tell when the charger on offer is the real deal? We’ve looked at the latest advice from consumer company Which? What makes your charger genuine? A genuine iPhone charger comprises two products – a power adapter for the wall, plus a USB cable to connect it to your phone – and cost at least £19 from the official Apple Store. Android chargers are all different but should be marked with the logo of the phone company. Are there a lot of fakes being sold online? In an experiment by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute, they found 99% of chargers sold online failed a basic safety test. Out of 400 counterfeit Apple chargers purchased from online suppliers around the world, 397 failed a basic safety test, according to the safety campaigners. Discount cables can be bought for as little as 1p on auction sites such as eBay, but Apple’s official leads retail at £19. Common problems with fakes included counterfeit plugs, non-sleeved plugs where the metal pins are exposed, live parts, two pin plugs attached and only basic insulation. Read More Apple digital assistant Siri comes to Mac with launch of new operating system macOS Sierra I’ve found a much cheaper charger - should I take the risk and buy it? If your charger is not from Apple, an android company, or a trusted third party, you could risk damage, injury and even death. The London Fire Brigade released a report warning of the dangers of counterfeit Apple iPhone chargers, explaining how fake chargers have the potential to put lives at risk. This followed an investigation where the LFB tested some widely available fake chargers to unveil any faults that could cause anything from damage to the charger or your phone, through to electrocution, burns or even house fires. iPhone 6 Fire investigator Andrew Vaughan–Davies said: “I was shocked at how potentially dangerous these chargers are. "There have been some near misses in the last few months and, unless people stop buying them, it’s only a matter of time before we are called to a fatal fire. “For the sake of saving a few pounds is it worth putting the lives of your family at risk and taking the chance of potentially destroying your home?” Ok, that’s put me off trying to save a few quid. So how do I spot a fake charger? Read More 10 best apps to download with your new iPhone or Android device this Christmas Day Here are a few tell-tale signs to look out for: Safety mark – This should sit between the two bottom pins on the underside of the charger. The colour of the writing on the base of the plug may also be dark grey on counterfeits, while on real Apple products it will be light grey. Look out for even more obvious signs too – such as the word “safety” being misspelt. Check for the CE safety marking, though be aware that this can easily be forged, and look for the manufacturer’s brand name or logo, model and batch number. Weight – Genuine chargers tend to weigh more than their fake counterparts, due to the higher number of components. If you have access to some scales, the wall adapter part of the charger should weigh at least 40g – that’s a little more than the weight of four pound coins. USB socket – On dodgy chargers this may be upside down when compared to a genuine iPhone charger. Check which way the USB socket is positioned when the plug is on its back. The finish – The pins on a real charger will have a matt finish, and be a consistent colour and finish as well as having a uniform square appearance. Look out for a shiny or gloss finish, plus pins that are irregular in size or shape. Instructions - legitimate chargers should come with instructions including basic electrical safety advice and a guide on how to use the charger safely. Read More Courgettes are running out across Warwickshire and people are panicking Is it best to get my charger from the high street? In many cases, you can only check for yourself if a charger is fake once you have it in your hand. The best way to ensure you get the real deal is to buy from a reputable dealer – you may end up paying slightly more, but it will be safe. But be aware, just because it’s being sold in a shop does not always mean it is genuine, especially if you’re purchasing a charger second-hand. I’m not sure if my charger is dodgy, how can I reduce the danger? The advice is always to use genuine goods, but you can reduce the risk of a dangerous fault by disconnecting your devices as soon as they are fully charged, not covering devices while they are plugged-in, and not using damaged or frayed cables. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Fun Stuff In The News Coventry Warwickshire Crime What's On all Most Read Most Recent Things to Do CoventryNew nightclub to open its doors in Coventry with a bang TONIGHT The new underground venue will be running its #nocatch campaign throughout the weekend, giving a prize away to everyone Coventry Transport MuseumHot Rods exhibition comes to Coventry Transport Museum Built for speed, hot rods were quickly branded a menace to society but some think they're the ultimate American dream Restaurants in CoventryCoventry Frankie & Benny's restaurant put up for sale The move comes just a few days after the firm unveiled a drop in sales Things to Do CoventryRussell Brand announces Coventry stand-up comedy show Russell will unravel the matrix of modern media, politics, sex, fatherhood and death Leamington SpaFamily rave to return to Warwickshire after debut event success The award-winning family rave includes a multi-sensory dance floor, club visuals, bubble machines, huge bouncy balloons, glitter cannons and the famous parachute dance Fun StuffEverything you can watch on Netflix UK in February 2017 - including what's being removed If you missed The American Crime Story: The People V OJ Simpson you can catch up from February 15 Belgrade TheatreShane Ritchie and Laura Whitmore to star in Not Dead Enough at Belgrade Theatre The world premiere of Peter James' bestselling book comes to Coventry in March Restaurants in CoventrySneak peek: This is what the new Cosy Club menu looks like The Cathedral Lanes restaurant has an array of new treats for you to sample Coventry Transport MuseumHot Rods exhibition comes to Coventry Transport Museum Built for speed, hot rods were quickly branded a menace to society but some think they're the ultimate American dream Things to Do CoventryFeeder announce Coventry show at The Empire The Welsh band garnered media attention in 2001 for their third album, Echo Park, and its lead single, Buck Rogers Most Read Most Recent Facebook“These two girls suffered horrific experiences” - Facebook rape gang jailed for 42 years The gang used the social network to groom vulnerable youngsters before launching vile attacks Coventry City FCFormer Coventry City loan midfielder joins Northampton Town ahead of League One clash Coventry City will be aiming to end an 11-game winless streak in League One when they travel to Sixfields Coventry"Rosie's beautiful smile is gone" - Inspirational teenager Rosie Abbott has died Rosie was named the Telegraph's Child of Courage in 2015 for her fundraising efforts Coventry City FCWhat is the prize money for the Checkatrade Trophy? Sky Blues booked their place in the semi-finals after winning a nail-biting penalty shootout against Swansea City U21s on Tuesday CanleyMum and four kids cram into this caravan - because their rented house is 'too squalid to sleep in' The family are in a row with the landlord - who has hit back Fun StuffEverything you can watch on Netflix UK in February 2017 - including what's being removed If you missed The American Crime Story: The People V OJ Simpson you can catch up from February 15 Coventry City FCJim Brown column: Russell Slade is still winless in League One - but his record is not the worst Coventry City travel to Sixfields today hoping to end an 11-game winless streak Anthony NolanAppeal to save poorly Nuneaton youngster's life gets "incredible" response The brave seven-year-old is fighting leukaemia and desperately needs a bone marrow donor Belgrade TheatreShane Ritchie and Laura Whitmore to star in Not Dead Enough at Belgrade Theatre The world premiere of Peter James' bestselling book comes to Coventry in March Coventry ShoppingYou could be breaking the law every time you help a charity shop The warnings come after a pair of men wound up in court - despite their good intentions Top Stories Coventry"Rosie's beautiful smile is gone" - Inspirational teenager Rosie Abbott has died Rosie was named the Telegraph's Child of Courage in 2015 for her fundraising efforts Anthony NolanAppeal to save poorly Nuneaton youngster's life gets "incredible" response The brave seven-year-old is fighting leukaemia and desperately needs a bone marrow donor Coventry UniversitySo that's why we need all the flats! Coventry named one of the UK's fastest growing universities It's already the third largest university in the UK for annual full-time acceptances UK & World NewsJohn Hurt dead: Tributes paid to Harry Potter star who dies aged 77 John Hurt had a career spanning six decades AtherstoneIs a cat killer on the loose? Owners fears as 14 pets are poisoned in a few months Tiny Darwin is the latest animal left fighting for his life as a result of ingesting antifreeze Coventry Transport MuseumHot Rods exhibition comes to Coventry Transport Museum Built for speed, hot rods were quickly branded a menace to society but some think they're the ultimate American dream Coventry BeesStill no Bees breakthrough after day of crunch meetings Bees fans remain in limbo over the club's future, despite a day of crunch meetings Coventry BeesCrunch meetings to decide future of Coventry Bees taking place TODAY Fans have been on tenterhooks as they wait for news on the future of the famous side Courts"I will kill you all" - Man makes chilling threat to petrol bomb partner's home Joseph Shields was holding a bottle of petrol at the time West Midlands PoliceJewish man attacked by neo-Nazi thug outside Coventry Cathedral reveals ordeal Police have trawled CCTV for the attacker but so far he hasn't been identified CanleyMum and four kids cram into this caravan - because their rented house is 'too squalid to sleep in' The family are in a row with the landlord - who has hit back Courts“This was an horrific attack on a defenceless child" - woman found guilty of shaking baby to death Chuanfan Zheng was looking after her niece Phoebe Guo in March 2015 while her parents were working News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Qualcomm Messed With the Wrong Customer Did Qualcomm really expect Apple to never retaliate? Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 25, 2017 at 3:41PM Image source: Apple. "Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands. And your plan is to blackmail this person?" -- Lucius Fox, The Dark Knight In Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight (2008), an accountant discovers Batman's true identity by uncovering some accounting irregularities at Wayne Enterprises, but imaginary CEO Lucius Fox quickly puts an end to the blackmailer's plan by pointing out how absurd it is. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) may not have been blackmailing Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) all these years, but Apple thinks Qualcomm is guilty of a similar crime: extortion. In its U.S. lawsuit filed last week, Apple alleges that Qualcomm "attempted to extort Apple" into changing how it responded to a regulatory antitrust investigation in South Korea. The iPhone maker also argues that it has been paying "extortion-level royalties" for years, due to Qualcomm's "no license, no chips" policy where Qualcomm would only sell chips to customers that agreed to onerous licensing terms. It seems as if Qualcomm has been getting away with this for years, which is why its market power has grown so dramatically as rivals fell by the wayside and exited the baseband processor market. Most customers lack the operating scale, legal resources, and financial incentive to effectively stand up to Qualcomm through protracted litigation. Apple doesn't. Apple bites back So let me get this straight, Qualcomm: You think that your biggest customer, one of the wealthiest, most powerful corporations in the world that also has a reputation for squeezing its suppliers would quietly accept your oppressive contract terms and never fight back. And your plan is to extort this company? In no uncertain terms, it worked for many years, and Qualcomm's revenue skyrocketed over the past decade. QCOM Revenue (Quarterly) data by YCharts. Broader smartphone adoption was the main factor, but the iPhone pulled an awful lot of that weight, too -- both directly and indirectly (Android was created largely in response to the iPhone). More specifically, from 2011 to late 2016, Qualcomm had extracted both exclusivity in supplying Apple with cellular baseband modems as well as its silence. You may note in the chart above how much sales increased during this time period. Apple was restricted from actively complaining to law enforcement and regulators, although it was allowed to respond if asked. So long as Qualcomm maintained its lock on baseband chipsets, it had incredible leverage and there wasn't a whole lot Apple could do. Enter Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Intel had been trying to crack the baseband market for years with little to no success. Even today, Intel's modems are technologically inferior to Qualcomm's, but they're good enough and much cheaper, and Intel expects to catch up within a few generations. The combination of Qualcomm's exclusivity ending combined with Intel's ability to supply a sufficiently competitive modem is the perfect storm for Apple to unleash its pent-up discontent in court. The $1 billion that Qualcomm is withholding was just the final straw. Now that Apple has a path to an alternative supplier (even though the majority of its basebands still come from Qualcomm) and is no longer contractually obligated to keep quiet, Apple is bringing a brutal suit against Qualcomm that threatens Qualcomm's very business model. You know it's serious when Apple is litigating, given CEO Tim Cook's hatred of litigation. Did Qualcomm really think that Apple would never retaliate? The moral of the story: Don't extort Apple, and don't blackmail Batman. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 3:41PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 NXP Semiconductors, NV Is Building Car-Chip Markets in China 1 Number Qualcomm Inc. Investors Need to Keep an Eye On Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Qualcomm Messed With the Wrong Customer @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Brings Its Fight With Qualcomm to China It's Apple's day in Chinese court. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 25, 2017 at 2:30PM Image source: Apple. Earlier this month, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) filed a blockbuster lawsuit against its most important supplier, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), alleging a wide range of transgressions that were all intended to enhance Qualcomm's monopoly power over the baseband processor market. That suit came just days after the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a similar regulatory antitrust complaint against the mobile chip giant. Apple isn't stopping there; the Mac maker is now taking its grievances to the Middle Kingdom. There's more where that came from Apple has filed not one, but two suits against Qualcomm in Beijing, Reuters reports. The first is seeking 1 billion yuan (approximately $145 million) in damages, accusing Qualcomm of abusing its monopoly power in the baseband market. The second alleges that Qualcomm has not fulfilled its obligations to license its standards-essential patents under fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) levels. The fact that Apple is suing Qualcomm in China is notable for a few reasons, the most obvious being that the scope of Apple's complaints reaches beyond just the U.S. itself. Apple's lawsuit in the U.S. was filed in the U.S. District Court of Southern California. China also doesn't have a particularly good reputation for enforcing intellectual property (IP) laws, although the country has been making progress on improving its legal frameworks. The discrepancy in IP enforcement is one reason why many Chinese smartphone manufacturers, most notably Xiaomi, are unable to expand operations into countries with stricter enforcement. China is also where the vast majority of Apple's contract manufacturers are located, including its most prolific iPhone assembler, Foxconn. These contract manufacturers are partially responsible for Apple's predicament with Qualcomm. As noted in Apple's U.S. complaint, Qualcomm refuses to license its IP directly to Apple, instead preferring to ink deals with Apple contract manufacturers that pass along both the IP rights indirectly as well as the royalty costs in full. Apple's manufacturing partners simply accept Qualcomm's terms and do not negotiate, leaving Apple with massive royalty bills. Apple has long attempted to review the agreements between Qualcomm and its contract manufacturers, but Qualcomm must consent -- and it won't. I'm neither an American or Chinese lawyer, but it seems possible that Apple is seeking legal assistance in China so that it may gain access or somehow restructure these agreements, although legal discovery in China is significantly more restricted than here in the U.S. Even if that's not the goal, it wouldn't hurt to collect more in monetary damages by filing suit in multiple relevant jurisdictions, as Apple says it's been overcharged by billions of dollars over the past five years. This serves as additional evidence that Apple has absolutely no intention of settling with Qualcomm. The company feels as if it has been wronged all these years, being coerced into quietly overpaying Qualcomm for half a decade. And now that Qualcomm's exclusivity has ended, the time for reckoning has come. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 2:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple, Inc. Brings Its Fight With Qualcomm to China @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Your iPhone Already Uses Artificial Intelligence, but It's Just the Beginning Other tech names are getting much of the press for their advances in AI, which may leave investors thinking that Apple has some catching up to do. Not so fast... Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 25, 2017 at 2:19PM We were all fascinated by Siri when she first burst onto the scene five years ago. The world was captivated, the talking computer had finally arrived and was easily available. Since then, more fascinating examples of artificial intelligence (AI) have emerged. Siri is so 2011. While other tech companies have been introducing flashy new examples of AI at play, it appeared that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had lost its advantage and was falling behind in the pursuit of this nascent technology. While some thought Apple had languished, it turns out it has been quietly integrating AI into many everyday features of its iconic iPhone. More importantly, Apple says it's doing so while protecting your privacy. Apple has been quietly upgrading Siri using artificial intelligence. Image source: Pixabay. There's more going on under the hood Siri got its first major overhaul in mid-2014 when its voice recognition was shifted to a neural network. This AI model, designed to simulate the human brain, is a combination of software and algorithms that improves over time by learning from its experience. This was the first of many such upgrades to Siri, all without much fanfare. Apple has been using AI to improve a number of its native apps. The Maps app will automatically identify traffic problems and route you around them. It will also help you find your car in the parking lot. The Photos app will identify the people in your photos and can group them together. The Memories app will collect images from your phone to create an event video, memorializing a recent outing or vacation. iMessage will automatically translate text to emojis.  Siri can interact with third-party apps to order pizza, schedule an Uber or Lyft, or start a workout. It will integrate with other popular apps such as WhatsApp, Skype, WeChat, and Pinterest. Apple isn't stopping there. Siri is available on Apple Watches and TVs, and with the macOS Sierra update, it will even work on laptops and Macintosh computers. It will now search for documents on your computer and narrow those searches even further using keywords. Better selfies and a secret... Improved images using AI technology. Image source: Apple. Apple used AI to strengthen the capabilities of the camera on its iPhone 7. It claims this is not only the best camera in any smartphone, but thanks to the company's software, the iPhone 7 can produce images that once required an expensive camera and professional photographer. Using AI and algorithms, it can distinguish between the subject of the photo and the background, which simply wasn't possible with previous smartphone cameras due to the size of the aperture. This latest upgrade can also determine depth with the introduction of two lenses. There is intriguing evidence that more powerful AI may be coming with the recent discovery of a specialized chip within the iPhone. The field-programmable gate array processor inside the latest iPhone can be re-purposed after installation, and has historically been used to accelerate machine learning. Apple has repeatedly said that it would protect user privacy, and does so by keeping the most sensitive user data stored locally on the device. This latest revelation would be in keeping with that philosophy by enabling more sophisticated machine learning capabilities directly on the phone. While other companies are uploading data to the cloud to achieve advances in AI, Apple says it can make the same gains, all while protecting your privacy. It's tapping the concept of differential privacy, which seeks to identify trends without sacrificing personal data. In this technology, electronic "noise" is added to information on the phone, protecting the raw data and transmitting only the trends. This approach keeps user data at the local phone level while allowing Apple to continue its advances in AI. In a recent interview, Tim Cook said: Look at the (technologies) that will be dominant in smartphones of the future -- like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren't leaving home without it today -- you're really going to be connected to it in the future...we do all of that while protecting your privacy. Instead of passing all that information to the cloud, where we're maintaining it all, we do a lot of it on the device itself. So you're in control of your own data. Foolish final word As the use of AI becomes more prolific, justifiable concerns regarding protecting individual information may become more prevalent. If Apple succeeds in gathering the data it needs while still protecting the data of its users, this may force other companies to follow suit. Apple has always demonstrated a concern for protecting customer data. In a recent extreme example, it stood against the FBI in early 2016, rejecting a request to unlock the iPhone of the terrorist behind the San Bernardino mass shooting, citing privacy concerns. Putting user privacy first gives Apple a continuing competitive advantage, even as other companies garner headlines around their AI breakthroughs.  Danny Vena owns shares of Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 2:19PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Your iPhone Already Uses Artificial Intelligence, but It's Just the Beginning @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Dropcam Co-Founder Greg Duffy Joins Apple Wednesday January 25, 2017 12:21 PM PST by Juli Clover Greg Duffy, the founder and former CEO of security camera company Dropcam, has accepted a role at Apple and will be leaving Google, reports The Information. An Apple spokesperson confirmed that Duffy has been hired by Apple, but didn't share details on his role at the company. The Information speculates that he could be leading a special project at Apple, given his background. Duffy who co-founded Dropcam in 2009, led the company until it was acquired by Google-owned Nest for $555 million in mid-2014. Duffy spent several months working for Nest before departing the company in January of 2015 amid rumors of a culture clash between Nest and Dropcam. Duffy was reportedly unhappy with the way Nest founder Tony Fadell ran the Alphabet-owned subsidiary, going as far as referring to him as a "tyrant bureaucrat." At any given time, Apple has multiple "special projects" going on behind the scenes, so it's difficult to speculate on what Duffy could be working on at the company. Apple is rumored to have a range of exploratory products in the works, including the Apple Car, an Amazon Echo-style home hub, an AR product, and more. Tags: Nest, Dropcam, Greg Duffy 18 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Relentless Power 3 days ago at 12:58 pm Funny comment! Thank you! Anyway, I am still chuckling at the idea of an Apple car. Imagine this. A few car enthusiasts get together, and the following conversation ensues. A: What you driving? B: Porsche 911, yourself? A: 2016 Dodge Viper. B: Cool. What about you, C? C: Audi TT. A: Hey, I! You are so quiet, what you drive? I: ... I drive an Apple. A, B, C: LOL, ROFL, LMAO, LMFAO, LOL, ROFL, LMAO, LMFAO For the record, everyone of your posts on this site are disparaging against Apple in a poor fashion and have zero credibility to the actual topic. Back on topic: Apple is likely seeking to gain more Contribution to the Apple Car with this newest member. Curious to see any more related news on Bob Mansfield and his contributions. Rating: 6 Votes Drumjim85 3 days ago at 12:24 pm But, I thought everyone was leaving Apple, and they're doomed. Rating: 4 Votes 69Mustang 3 days ago at 12:53 pm be careful, im afraid after they gather info they will go back to google. I can see it now: Former Google-former Apple-current Google employee reporting back to Google execs... "They are preparing to use OLED like Samsung, and like everybody else has already done, may offer 4K on the ATV at some point. They might build a Home/Echo type device like Google and Amazon. They have the sweetest set of emoji in their pipeline. I did have a chance to peek in a secret lab and get this... a new watchband, well a new watchband color at least. And as far as I can tell, their famous pipeline is actually an empty hallway at the back of the building where they store old cubicles and left over iPod socks." Rating: 3 Votes djcerla 2 days ago at 01:48 pm When you read that Apple "dropped the ball" on color reproduction, you know you're in that special twilight zone called Macrumors. Rating: 3 Votes truthertech 2 days ago at 11:08 pm Yeah there are a ton of home monitoring products, and they basically all suck. Was visiting my sister and she wanted a setup, so we went to Costco and bought the Netgear Arlo home monitoring system. You talk about a horrid interface and a horrid product overall. The cameras use uncommon CR123 batteries, which cost about $20 a month to replace. Seems like a bizarre way to do it. She returned it and got a canary, but it's a bit of a different solution and not perfect. There's a huge opportunity in the market for a company to come and make an apple-like product "that just works" but I suppose Apple is burning all their courage on removing headphone jacks instead of doing what they do best; finding a gap in the market to perfect. Look, they are spending now around $12 billion dollars a year on R and D. Just because they have decided not to push out an Amazon Echo type product like Amazon and everyone else is, doesn't mean that they aren't working on something much better. The last estimates is that Amazon is losing its shirt on the Echo and has lost over a billion dollars so far in selling them, and the more it sells, the more it loses. Why would Apple follow that scenario.Indeed, the most likely scenario is that they are perfecting something that will blow the market away. Apple owns wireless, has the best rated Wifi router still, and they are the kings of privacy and security, and they have invested billions in next Gen Siri, e.g., Vocal IQ. All of that bodes well for a 2017 blockbuster product that integrates Homekit, Siri, Wireless, and industry leading Apple Security/Privacy. Boom! Rating: 1 Votes mcfrazieriv 2 days ago at 03:45 pm Dropcam was great until Nest bought them. Now the product is unpredictable, has suffered from serious billing issues, and the front end is almost impossible to quickly and accurately navigate footage. Hopefully this guy who started the company brings the best and not the worst. Rating: 1 Votes farewelwilliams 3 days ago at 12:27 pm dropcam for the apple car... call that, crashcam. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook met with senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) on Friday afternoon to discuss topics like technology and economy, reports BuzzFeed. Hatch, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee... 53 comments Apple and Amazon Adopt Opposing Strategies as Smart Home War Heats Up 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple has been in the smart home market for over two years, having introduced its HomeKit framework in the fall of 2014 alongside iOS 8, but HomeKit has been slow to get off the ground because of the... 173 comments Microsoft Says Windows PC Makers Seeing 'Continued Growth' in Premium Market Led by Apple 18 hours ago on Front Page Microsoft on Thursday reported a 5% increase in revenue from licensing Windows to PC makers as part of its latest quarterly earnings results. In a subsequent conference call, Microsoft's... 281 comments Seven Years Ago Today: Steve Jobs Introduces the iPad 19 hours ago on Front Page After teasing fans to "come see our latest creation" in the weeks leading up to one of its famous media events, seven years ago today former Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the first-generation... 171 comments Apple Releases First macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta With New Night Shift Mode 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, two days after seeding the first 10.12.4 beta to developers and three days... 115 comments Apple Releases First iOS 10.3 Public Beta With Find My AirPods Feature 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, more than a month after releasing iOS 10.2 and two days after providing the iOS 10.3 beta... 68 comments Apple Set to Join Microsoft, Google, and Facebook in AI Research Group 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will take a significant step toward disclosing more of its artificial intelligence research this week by becoming a member of a non-profit AI research consortium founded by five of the tech... 70 comments Hands-On With iOS 10.3's New 'Find My AirPods' Feature 3 days ago on Front Page iOS 10.3 introduces a new "Find My AirPods" feature, giving AirPods owners a way to keep track of the tiny wire-free earphones Apple started selling back in December. Because iOS 10.3 is... 89 comments • Huawei Closing in on Apple, Aims to Become World's Largest Smartphone Maker Within Four Years (240) • Apple's LG 5K Display Store Listing Now Accepting Reviews (87) • Apple Resellers and Service Providers Speak Out Following Simply Mac Closures (134) • New Mac App Subscription Service 'Setapp' Offers 60 Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month (155) • Hands-On With the New Night Shift Mode in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 (130) • What's New in iOS 10.3: Find My AirPods, APFS File System, New Apple ID Setting and More (127) • 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch (116)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade What Even Is a Spinki? - The TouchArcade Show #292 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Splitter Critters' Two New 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Videos Give Us a Lengthy Look at the Heroes and Heroines in the Game 'Kingdom: New Lands' iOS and Android Versions Mysteriously Delayed PAX South 2017: 'MetaArcade' Wants You to Create Your Own Gamebook Adventures AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD

Business & Technology Business Insider Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR Celebrity POPSUGAR Fashion POPSUGAR Beauty POPSUGAR Health & Fitness ShopStyle Toggle navigation Join Log In Tech Insider Money & Markets Briefing Ideas Executive Life Video Tech Insider Apple hired the Dropcam founder who clashed with Tony Fadell Kif Leswing Jan 26, 2017, 6:59 AM facebook twitter reddit linkedin Email Getty/Brian AchGreg Duffy Apple has hired Greg Duffy, a well-known entrepreneur who previously founded Dropcam and worked at Alphabet company Nest. Duffy may be “leading a special project at Apple that is operating like a startup within the company,” The Information reported on Wednesday, citing people who know Duffy. Apple sometimes breaks out teams to focus on work independently. For example, Project Titan, Apple’s electric self-driving car project, has been described as functioning as a separate company. Duffy made his fortune when Nest, then a part of Google, bought his company Dropcam for $555 million. But his stint at Nest didn’t go smoothly after he butted heads with Tony Fadell (a former high-ranking Apple exec), who he called a “tyrant bureaucrat” before he decided to quit, The Information previously reported. It’s hard to imagine Duffy fitting into Apple’s rigid corporate structure, where even small projects have a designated person in charge. But his hire could signal that Apple is looking for product visionaries, and giving them the freedom to come up with totally new ideas as the iPhone’s growth has stopped. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! NOW WATCH: Here’s everything we know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 — Samsung’s most important phone Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Tagged In apple dropcam markets insider nest Business Insider Australia Contact Editor Got A Story Tip? Report Issue Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join Watch & Learn This swing flies over the edge of a mountain This faucet fountain looks like it's floating This five-pound steak is bigger than your head This bike seat doubles as a bike lock. Your Money S&P 500 2,296 -1.12 (-0.049%) Nikkei 225 19,467 +65.01 (+0.335%) S&P/ASX 200 5,714 +42.50 (+0.749%) Popular on Facebook The creator of a bogus diet popularised by celebrities like Kate Hudson faces up to 3 years in prison Here are the 'smartest' dog breeds, according to a canine psychologist The 6 jobs Australian recruiters say will be in demand in 2017 GEORGE SOROS: 'These times are not business as usual -- Wishing you the best in a troubled world' Popular on LinkedIn 24 things expats find surprising about Australian working culture Meet the 33-year-old Silicon Valley CEO whose company combines economic theory and online auctions Inside the secretive Qantas Chairman's Lounge, Australia's most exclusive club Two of Cisco's biggest competitors quietly kicked it in the teeth this week Popular Haunting photos of an abandoned waterpark in Vietnam The newest 'Resident Evil' game is out now -- and it's as gross as it is gorgeous Details on Snap's $25 billion IPO are expected to be revealed next week The world's CEOs are choosing to prepare -- not 'paralyse' -- themselves for a 'Hard Brexit' Flying Cretaceous Monster Ate Dinosaurs For Breakfast Check Out All The Movies That La La Land References The Exorcist Creator Says The Show's Two-Part Finale Will Be The 'Craziest Episodes We've Done' Watch Football Stars Get Bombed By Ball-Dropping Drones Top World Of Warcraft Guild Boots Raider Over Sabotage Scandal What We Love And Hate About Overwatch's Chinese New Year Update One Of These Four Transformers Will Be The Next Leader Of Cybertron Flappy Bird Creator Releases Cute, Frustrating New Game How Dangerous Are Australian Animals Compared To The Rest Of The World? Four Ways To Make A Too-Small T-Shirt Bigger Find The Best Spots For Houseplants In Your Home With The 'Shadow Trick' Antivirus Software Does More Harm Than Good, Says Former Mozilla Developer © 2007-2017 Allure Media BI Intelligence About Advertise Contact TermsTerms of Use InternationalBusiness Insider International
printed January 28, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18665 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Apple Sues Qualcomm In China Article Comments   Wednesday, 1:07 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Apple has filed a fresh lawsuit against Qualcomm, this time in China where it alleges Qualcomm abused its market position to score higher patent-licensing fees. Apple also said Qualcomm failed to honor its promise to license standard essential patents at fair rates, reports Reuters. Apple is seeking about $145 million in damages. The lawsuit follows a similar complaint Apple filed against Qualcomm last week in the U.S. In that lawsuit, Apple is seeking $1 billion in rebates it says it is owed by Qualcomm. Qualcomm was quick to respond to Apple's latest claims. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," said the chipmaker. Qualcomm is also facing a lawsuit from the Federal Trade Commission over its technology licensing practices. more info at Reuters » more info at Qualcomm » Related Apple news   Apple phones AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Released With Working MobileSubstrate! [Download] Save Your iOS 10.2 Blobs Before Its Too Late! How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Windows) iPhone 8 Concept Featuring Curved Display [Video] How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Mac) Anker's 10ft PowerLine+ Lightning Cable is On Sale for $14.99 (63% Off) Source Code for iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Posted iOS 10.3 Will Update Your iPhone's File System to APFS Satechi USB-C Power Meter Measures Volts, Amps, and mAh Output Apple Releases Public Beta of iOS 10.3 [Download] HBO GO App Updated With Support for Single Sign-On, TV App Apple Joins Partnership on AI as Founding Member Apple Support App Now Available in 22 Countries Apple Releases Public Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.4 With Night Shift iOS 10.3 Beta Contains Hidden One-Handed Floating Keyboard for iPad [Images] Verizon to Support Wi-Fi Calling on iCloud Connected Devices in iOS 10.3 iPhone X Concept Based on Recent iPhone Rumors [Video] Google Adds 'Popular Times' Feature to Google Maps App for iOS Google Translate App Now Supports Instant Camera Translation From Japanese to English watchOS 3.2 to Bring New Theater Mode, SiriKit, WatchKit Enhancements Apple Sues Qualcomm in China for 1 Billion Yuan LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 25, 2017 at 8:24pm by iClarified · 3362 views · Translate Apple has sued Qualcomm in Beijing accusing the company of abusing its clout in the chip industry. Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, reports Reuters. Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm in China accusing it of failing to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively. Last week, Apple sued Qualcomm in the USA for $1 billion alleging that the company has been 'charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with'. The lawsuit followed one from the FTC which charged Qualcomm with using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly in the supply of baseband processors used in cellular phones. Qualcomm has already responded to the Chinese lawsuits with Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm saying: "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology. Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them. These terms were consistent with our NDRC Rectification plan. Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world. We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem." Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NV Energy Announces Solar Agreement with Apple News provided by NV Energy Jan 25, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, Jan. 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- NV Energy and Apple announced today they have reached an agreement to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy in Nevada by early 2019. The projects will support Apple's renewable energy needs for its Reno data center.  In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada (PUCN) to enter into a power purchase agreement (PPA) for the solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529 megawatts of new solar resources in construction in Nevada or under review for approval. This is in addition to the 491 megawatts of universal solar resources in Nevada currently serving NV Energy customers. Apple will also dedicate up to 5 megawatts of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers. "We are proud to play a role in helping Apple meet their energy needs with Nevada's abundant solar resource," said Paul Caudill, president and CEO of NV Energy. "In partnership with our customers, we continue to develop a more balanced fuel mix in a way that benefits the local economy by providing hundreds of jobs for Nevadans, particularly those in the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers local 357 and 396, and advances the state's policy goals."  "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100 percent renewable energy across all our operations," said Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives Lisa Jackson. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." Currently, NV Energy customers are served by more than 1,900 megawatts of renewable resources in Nevada, including 19 geothermal energy resources, 13 solar energy facilities, six hydro plants, one large wind farm and a variety of biomass, methane and other renewable energy projects. NV Energy, Inc., provides a wide range of energy services to 1.3 million customers throughout Nevada and more than 40 million tourists annually. NV Energy is a holding company whose principal subsidiaries, Nevada Power Company and Sierra Pacific Power Company, do business as NV Energy. NV Energy is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. Information about NV Energy is available on the company's website, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube pages, which can be accessed via nvenergy.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nv-energy-announces-solar-agreement-with-apple-300396620.html SOURCE NV Energy Related Links http://www.nvenergy.com Jan 12, 2017, 17:33 ET Preview: NV Energy Asks Public Utilities Commission To Reconsider Decision To Reallocate $2.92 Million Annual Rate Savings To New Solar Net Metering Customers My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 17:33 ETNV Energy Asks Public Utilities Commission To Reconsider Decision... Oct 27, 2016, 17:00 ETNV Energy Announces New Smart Grid Sensor Initiative to Enhance... Explore More news releases in similar topics Alternative Energies Oil & Energy Utilities Licensing You just read: NV Energy Announces Solar Agreement with Apple News provided by NV Energy Jan 25, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple reveals 'Theater Mode' that stops its watch lighting up in a cinema - and iPhones could soon get the same feature Apple's release notes say watchOS 3.2 will come with a ‘Theater Mode’ Will disable the raise to wake function and mute sound of Apple Watch Users can still receive notifications via haptic feedback But will have to tap the screen or press the Digital Crown By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:19 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 15:52 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 12 shares 3 View comments The latest update for the Apple Watch will stop wearers from bothering others around them while in a movie theater. Apples’s release notes reveal that its watchOS 3.2 will come with a ‘Theater Mode’ that lets users disable the raise to wake function. Consumers will have the ability to mute the sound, but still receive notifications via haptic feedback - they simply tap or press the Digital Crown to view them. Scroll down for video  Apples’s release notes reveal that its watchOS 3.2 will come with a ‘Theater Mode’ that lets users disable the raise to wake function. Users  can mute the sound, but still receive notifications via haptic feedback - they simply tap or press the Digital Crown to view them THEATER MODE  Apple release notes reveal the watchOS 3.1.3 will include a 'Theater Mode'. This will stop users from activating the display while in a movie theater. Theater Mode lets users quickly mute the sound on their Apple Watch and avoid waking the screen on wrist raise.  Users will still receive notifications via haptic feedback by tapping the screen or pressing the Digital Crown. Rumours say the feature could also be coming to future iPone software updates. The release notes for Apple’s watchOS 3.2 was first spotted by MacRumors, which also discovered that Theater Mode was included in watchOS 3.1.3, but ‘it does not yet appear to be available to consumers as an option'. These findings suggests that the new version of the operating system will activate the feature that has been lying dormant. According to Apple’s release notes, ‘Theater Mode lets users quickly mute the sound on their Apple Watch and avoid waking the screen on wrist raise.’ ‘Users still receive notifications (including haptics) while in Theater Mode, which they can view by tapping the screen or pressing the Digital Crown.’ It may not be a surprise that Apple is set to add Theater Mode to the Apple Watch, as earlier this month it was said the feature would soon appear in the iPhone. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Cats are just as intelligent as dogs: Felines enjoy... Will Samsung's Galaxy S8 come with a PEN? Leaked video... NASA gives chimps a helping hand with satellite analysis of... Elon Musk really IS planning a 'boring' company: Tesla and... Share this article Share 12 shares A pair of tweets hit the web saying an iOS 10.3 beta is scheduled to debut January. One of which said ‘iOS 10.3 to feature a new Theater Mode – will include a new popcorn-shaped Control Center’.  Consumers will also have the ability to mute the sound, but still receive notifications via haptic feedback - they simply tap or press the Digital Crown to view them. Tweets from earlier this month revealed iPhones would also be getting the new feature with the iOS 10.3 The news was leaked by Sonny Dickson on Twitter last Friday, who is known for sharing inside Apple details. The rumored iOS 10.3 update, and whether it will really feature a Theater Mode, has not yet been confirmed. IOS THEATER MODE Rumors suggest Apple could release its iOS 10.3 on Jan. 20. The new software could also include a 'Theater Mode'. AppleInsider believes it could  'quickly disable sound systems and haptic feedback, block incoming calls and message and reduce initial screen brightness during a movie'. The new function could be similar to the iPhones 'Do Not Disturb' feature that mutes alerts when turned on.  However, AppleInsider explains that the new mode could 'quickly disable sound systems and haptic feedback, block incoming calls and message and reduce initial screen brightness during a movie'. The new function could be similar to the iPhone's 'Do Not Disturb' feature that mutes alerts when activated. Apple also owns a patent for 'Theater Mode', which it had published in 2012. The patent doesn't list 'Theater Mode', but describes similar technology that would be automatically activated by specific GPS coordinates and cellular triangulation. 'While the user is in the movie theater, the mobile device deactivates its cellular communications interface and/or automatically sets the device to a silent mode,' reads the patent published in 2012. 'When the user leaves the movie theater, the portable device enables phone communications and/or restores the ringer setting to the setting utilized prior to the device's deactivation.' 'Hence, a theater owner or operator may feasibly charge additional in the way of ticket price (or offer as a free incentive) the feature of 'no cell phone interruptions' during certain movies.' Read more: Apple patent hints at situationally aware iPhone settings 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch - Mac Rumors Share or comment on this article e-mail 12 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Hollywood legend John Hurt dies: Two-time Oscar nominee... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Feeling down? Take off all your clothes: Being naked makes us happier and more satisfied with our bodies 168 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Your iPhone Already Uses Artificial Intelligence, but It's Just the Beginning Other tech names are getting much of the press for their advances in AI, which may leave investors thinking that Apple has some catching up to do. Not so fast... Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 25, 2017 at 2:19PM We were all fascinated by Siri when she first burst onto the scene five years ago. The world was captivated, the talking computer had finally arrived and was easily available. Since then, more fascinating examples of artificial intelligence (AI) have emerged. Siri is so 2011. While other tech companies have been introducing flashy new examples of AI at play, it appeared that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had lost its advantage and was falling behind in the pursuit of this nascent technology. While some thought Apple had languished, it turns out it has been quietly integrating AI into many everyday features of its iconic iPhone. More importantly, Apple says it's doing so while protecting your privacy. Apple has been quietly upgrading Siri using artificial intelligence. Image source: Pixabay. There's more going on under the hood Siri got its first major overhaul in mid-2014 when its voice recognition was shifted to a neural network. This AI model, designed to simulate the human brain, is a combination of software and algorithms that improves over time by learning from its experience. This was the first of many such upgrades to Siri, all without much fanfare. Apple has been using AI to improve a number of its native apps. The Maps app will automatically identify traffic problems and route you around them. It will also help you find your car in the parking lot. The Photos app will identify the people in your photos and can group them together. The Memories app will collect images from your phone to create an event video, memorializing a recent outing or vacation. iMessage will automatically translate text to emojis.  Siri can interact with third-party apps to order pizza, schedule an Uber or Lyft, or start a workout. It will integrate with other popular apps such as WhatsApp, Skype, WeChat, and Pinterest. Apple isn't stopping there. Siri is available on Apple Watches and TVs, and with the macOS Sierra update, it will even work on laptops and Macintosh computers. It will now search for documents on your computer and narrow those searches even further using keywords. Better selfies and a secret... Improved images using AI technology. Image source: Apple. Apple used AI to strengthen the capabilities of the camera on its iPhone 7. It claims this is not only the best camera in any smartphone, but thanks to the company's software, the iPhone 7 can produce images that once required an expensive camera and professional photographer. Using AI and algorithms, it can distinguish between the subject of the photo and the background, which simply wasn't possible with previous smartphone cameras due to the size of the aperture. This latest upgrade can also determine depth with the introduction of two lenses. There is intriguing evidence that more powerful AI may be coming with the recent discovery of a specialized chip within the iPhone. The field-programmable gate array processor inside the latest iPhone can be re-purposed after installation, and has historically been used to accelerate machine learning. Apple has repeatedly said that it would protect user privacy, and does so by keeping the most sensitive user data stored locally on the device. This latest revelation would be in keeping with that philosophy by enabling more sophisticated machine learning capabilities directly on the phone. While other companies are uploading data to the cloud to achieve advances in AI, Apple says it can make the same gains, all while protecting your privacy. It's tapping the concept of differential privacy, which seeks to identify trends without sacrificing personal data. In this technology, electronic "noise" is added to information on the phone, protecting the raw data and transmitting only the trends. This approach keeps user data at the local phone level while allowing Apple to continue its advances in AI. In a recent interview, Tim Cook said: Look at the (technologies) that will be dominant in smartphones of the future -- like AI. AI will make this product even more essential to you. It will become even a better assistant than it is today. So where you probably aren't leaving home without it today -- you're really going to be connected to it in the future...we do all of that while protecting your privacy. Instead of passing all that information to the cloud, where we're maintaining it all, we do a lot of it on the device itself. So you're in control of your own data. Foolish final word As the use of AI becomes more prolific, justifiable concerns regarding protecting individual information may become more prevalent. If Apple succeeds in gathering the data it needs while still protecting the data of its users, this may force other companies to follow suit. Apple has always demonstrated a concern for protecting customer data. In a recent extreme example, it stood against the FBI in early 2016, rejecting a request to unlock the iPhone of the terrorist behind the San Bernardino mass shooting, citing privacy concerns. Putting user privacy first gives Apple a continuing competitive advantage, even as other companies garner headlines around their AI breakthroughs.  Danny Vena owns shares of Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 2:19PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Your iPhone Already Uses Artificial Intelligence, but It's Just the Beginning @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets mobile phones Download iOS 10.2.1 or hackers could launch a ‘devastating attack’, Apple fans warned January 25, 201712:46pm Apple fans have been warned about the need to update their iPhone and iPad operating system. Picture: Sean Gallup Jasper HamillThe Sun APPLE iPhone owners have been urged to download an iOS update or expose themselves to the risk of a “devastating” hack attack. The tech giant’s security bods have discovered a dozen vulnerabilities in the operating system which powers iPhones and iPads. It immediately stepped into to address the problem, releasing a version of the software called iOS 10.2.1. If Apple users don’t download it, they could be attacked if they click on a dodgy video or website, allowing crooks to take control of their phones using a “malicious application”. “It can add files, delete files, or execute any actions,” says JP Taggart, senior security researcher at Malwarebytes told Wired. “Want to record conversations and forward them to someone else? It can do that.” He said it can also remove apps from a victim’s phone and hide its actions from users. This is the screen which iPhone owners will see when they update.Source:Supplied Apple is always quick to plug security holes as they arrive. It will automatically tell users about the update for their iPhones, which can then be downloaded in one easy step. You can also open up settings and go into the general menu, which has an option to make the installation. However, this latest one was only identified by the very brightest researchers, which means the average hacker would probably not be able to find it. This article originally appeared in The Sun. Apple iOS 100:36 New features of Apple's iOS 10 on the iPhone. September 14th 2016 4 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in technology 257Readers Dolby Atmos, Dolby Vision: The technology explained, Austral... 129Readers 2016 WF9: Asteroid could trigger mega-tsunami 33Readers ‘This is library’: Trump protest shut down by unlikely sourc... 29Readers Pilbara cyclone alert: Bureau of Meteorology issues warning 24Readers Queensland shipwrecks: Four 19th-century shipwrecks found MORE IN Mobile Phones Netflix update will frustrate iPhone users Wi-fi to kill mobile black spots Apple’s Siri to become a cricket tragic FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 10 minute read Technology The Future Of Photography Is About Computation Throwing processing power at raw images lets smartphones and cameras do some amazing things—and the best is yet to come. Light's upcoming camera is packed with lenses--and computing power. [Photo: courtesy of Light] Recent posts Here Are The 5 Scariest Revelations From Pew’s New Cybersecurity Survey Do We Need An “Unbiased” Cable News Network? Why Other People Wreck Brainstorms (And How To Stop Them) Why A CEO's Success Might Depend On Their Experience Of Board Diversity Glenn Fleishman 01.24.17 3:00 PM Since the birth of photography almost 180 years ago, the relationship between a photographer and a camera has remained mostly unchanged. You open a shutter and capture an image. Though you might manipulate lenses, exposures, and chemicals—or, in recent years, bits—there was a nearly one-to-one relationship between what the lens saw and what you captured. But you've likely taken thousands, if not tens of thousands, of pictures in recent years that break that relationship without knowing it. Computational photography takes a swarm of data from images or image sensors and combines it algorithmically to produce a photo that would be impossible to capture with film photography or digital photography in its more conventional form. Image data can be assembled across time and space, producing super-real high-dynamic range (HDR) photos—or just ones that capture both light and dark areas well. Multiple cameras' inputs can be fused into a single image, as on some Android phones and the iPhone 7 Plus, allowing for crisper or richer images in a single shot and a synthetic zoom that looks nearly as good as one produced via optical means. But as much as computational photography has insinuated itself into all major smartphone models and some standalone digital cameras, we're still at the beginning. Google, Facebook, and others are pushing the concept further, and researchers in the field say there are plenty of new ideas circulating that will make their way into hardware—mostly as part of smartphones, the biggest platform for taking pictures and leveraging innovative imaging techniques. The coming developments will allow 3D object capture, video capture and analysis for virtual reality and augmented reality, better real-time AR interaction, and even selfies that resemble you more closely. [Photo: Unsplash user Redd Angelo] Smartphones Ate Cameras In recent years, we've watched the just-good-enough cameras in smartphones become better-than-good-enough, eating the heart out of what was once a fast-growing market for point-and-shoot digital cameras. While smartphones can't beat the combination of lens, high-count sensors, and other factors that make digital single-lens reflex (DSLR) cameras the pinnacle of the market, they continue to creep up the curve, with computational photography providing some of the tricks. When HDR first appeared in the iPhone's iOS 4.1 release in 2010, it followed a typical practice by professional and serious photographers of bracketing shots: taking multiple images manually or with automatic settings at different exposures or other settings. Before image-editing software, photographers would pick among their photos and sometimes use darkroom techniques to combine them. Photoshop and other apps could mix multiple exposures of the same space to great effect, and some iOS apps were already offering this as a feature when iOS 4.1 shipped. Having HDR built directly into a smartphone OS transformed it from a trick into a mainstream technique, even though the early versions weren't great. (Android followed the iPhone's lead and added it as a core feature.) Apple gradually shifted from capturing three bracketed images to what photo app developers tell me is a much more elaborate set of captures and adjustments that are analyzed and fused in software to produce the HDR result. 2014's HTC One M8 had a "Duo" camera And that's where things mostly stalled for years, despite a proliferation of academic investigation. Gordon Wetzstein, a professor who leads the Stanford Computational Imaging Group, an interdisciplinary research group at Stanford University, says that of hundreds of papers in the field on computational photography, it "boils back down to one, two, maybe three different incarnations that end up being simple enough that they're actually useful." This is partly because of power constraints, phones' and cameras' form factors, and other elements that limit practical use. Adding multiple rear-facing cameras was an idea that kicked around for quite a while. While the first dual-camera phone shipped was the HTC One (M8) in early 2014, its abilities were ahead of the software and image-processing hardware. The potential started to be realized with the Huawei P9 (April 2016), which combined color and grayscale cameras, and Apple's iPhone 7 Plus (October 2016), which has a wide-angle and nominally telephoto pair. In both cases, the multiple cameras' images capture different aspects simultaneously, which software combines for an arguably better result. With two cameras combined with software that performs object recognition in scene, a system can extract depth. The iPhone 7 Plus uses this with Apple's still-in-beta Portrait mode, which fillets a subject in the foreground from all the background layers, allowing it to pleasingly blur the background and thereby create the effect known as bokeh. This look simulates the one that a photographer would previously get by using a DSLR paired with a lens with a very short depth of field. A photo taken with the iPhone 7 Plus's depth-effect mode Wetzstein notes the potential for the depth recognition to have an impact behind photographic effects. By analyzing objects in a scene by depth, a two-camera system could automatically produce better pictures, building on the face, smile, and blink recognition features that are standard in cameras and smartphones today. But if two lens/camera combos are good, surely more are better? Researchers have tested cobbled-together multi-input systems, sometimes quite elaborate, as with the Stanford Multi-Camera Array, which sported 128 separate cameras. These were fixed installations and not practical for commercial (or amateur) use. The low cost of smartphone-size lenses may change that. Instead of using a single, large expensive lens, as on a DSLR, performing computation on photos collected from many smaller lenses and integrating the results computationally could achieve high-quality results. This is the thinking behind the L16, cited by Wetzstein as an example. It's a camera made by a company simply called Light, with 16 camera elements across three focal lengths. (The $1,700 device isn't shipping yet and its preorder allotment sold out.) Depending on lighting and zoom factor, the L16 fires off a different combination of 10 of those lenses across three focal lengths to fuse a 52-megapixel image using a package not much bigger than a smartphone or typical digital snapshot camera. It may be a gimmick or it may be a way to pack a wallop in one's pocket; we'll know when it hits photographers' hands. A different hardware approach brought Lytro to the market, a single-lens camera that could refocus a photograph after it was taken and produce 3D images. Lytro's technology relies on a large image sensor, the elements of which were grouped into super-pixels that allowed its software to capture a light field, effectively knowing the incoming direction of light as it hit the sensor. This light field could be reconstructed by its software later. The system never caught on in either its original prosumer or later professional model, and the company adapted its approach to VR capture hardware. Here's a refocusable photo taken with Lytro's ultimately unsuccessful consumer camera: Going Deep Rather than capturing light fields or combining image data, some experimental efforts in the hands of developers rely on a synchronized infrared (IR) sensor that captures depth information. Google's Tango is a practical testbed for this approach, allowing the capture of structured light and time of flight. Structured light relies on projecting a pattern onto a scene that a sensor then reads and uses to estimate distance and surface displacement. Time of flight, by contrast, measures the time between projecting a signal and its reflection, omitting a grid and providing more direct measurement. IR is invisible to the naked eye, and is most commonly used. Microsoft's Kinect sensor add-on for the Xbox started with structured light and shifted to time of flight, and in both versions were the first mainstream uses, but in a fixed location and for a single purpose: capturing motion for gaming and other inputs. Tango, while still a work in progress relevant to developers rather than the masses, brings the technology to mobile devices in a practical form. It's already available in Lenovo's Phab 2 Pro smartphone. At first glance, these types of depth-finding may not seem to meet the definition of computational photography. In effect, an IR sensor (paired with an emitter) is a camera, paired with a standard photographic camera to build a depth and object map. Any method of obtaining depth plays right into advancing augmented and virtual reality systems and practicality by allowing a mobile device to better identify what's in its visual field. The more immediate benefit is for AR: Overlaying an existing scene with information requires vastly less computational power than generating VR's full-blown 3D graphics and letting people interact with that world. Wetzstein says that structured light is a power-hungry technique because it requires the constant projection of a grid. Time of flight should have greater impact, but he says it will require years more development to make it fully capable. 3D VR photographic capture could come at some point from a combination of multiple lenses and depth perception, but probably not any time soon. Wetzstein says that although phones can capture panoramas easily enough, creating both video and stereo panoramas that can be stitched together and remain synchronized currently requires gear in the $15,000 to $30,000 range, such as that used with Facebook 360 and Google Jump, relying on more than a dozen cameras and huge apparatuses. Solving The Shoebox Problem Besides its role in AR and VR, computational photography could help solve much more routine problems by marrying itself with computer vision (the study of machine-based perception) and machine learning (teaching machines to recognize what they perceive). By better analyzing the contents of a scene, photo software could automatically identify the best pictures. Irfan Essa, a professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology, heads the school's Interdisciplinary Research Center for Machine Learning. He says that an ever-stronger connection among those areas "has grown into more object-centric thinking." Computational photography moves beyond just capturing pixels, he says, into capturing light, which allows it to extract the geometry of a scene. "If you know where the object is and what surface it's on, you can do more with it," he says. This helps with depth, as noted above, but also with one of the most common problems facing average smartphone owners: It's easier to take photos than manage them. "We're just capturing too many pictures," Essa says. "I take pictures at the dinner table with my family and I end up having 40 to 50 pictures." By better analyzing the contents of a scene, photo software could automatically identify the best pictures. Some third-party apps already do this, and Apple's burst mode in its Camera app tries to detect the "best" pictures of a set taken in fast succession. But these early stabs at the idea rely on a handful of cues instead of full-blown recognition. As the photographic tech in smartphones gets better, researchers will be able to take the idea further, Essa says. Essa also expects to see improvements in color matching, tone adjustment, and selfie correction. He notes that despite the decades of work that Adobe and Kodak have put into technologies to allow the same color to appear in the same way everywhere, it's only recently that these ideas have hit the mass market. Apple's 9.7-inch iPad Pro, for instance, introduced what Apple calls "True Tone," a sensor that measures ambient light color and conditions and adjusts the display to provide a consistent set of colors to the viewer, no matter the temperature of the light in which they're using the tablet. Better color management relies on better cameras as well as better displays, and Essa says it will ultimately produce a pipeline that computational photography will aid by integrating similar sampling technologies into the image-creation chain. He notes that skin tone is an area where the most improvement could come. "Most selfies look like crap, but they're getting better," he says. One of the pioneering academics of computational photography, Marc Levoy, taught at Stanford, inspired and advised the founders of Lytro, and released an early iPhone app that created faux bokeh. He's now at Google, and deferred my questions to the firm's press relations department, which didn't respond to a request for an interview. This isn't unusual: Many researchers in this field have founded or joined startups or become part of teams at computer companies and dotcoms. That's a reminder that there's likely a fair amount more happening behind the scenes at smartphone makers, some of which will find its way into our hands. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple continues legal attack on Qualcomm, files additional lawsuits Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple isn’t backing down from its stand against Qualcomm, and today the company filed a pair of new lawsuits in Beijing against its new legal adversary. The actions come in the immediate wake of Apple’s first volley against Qualcomm, which happened last week with a $1 billion suit over patent royalties and fees. Don't Miss: Facebook is copying Snapchat’s best-known feature Apple’s new lawsuits follow a similar narrative to the first, with the company claiming that Qualcomm exploited its position in the mobile chip market to strong-arm Apple into bad deals. In one suit, Apple also alleges that Qualcomm failed to provide reasonable terms for licensing its most crucial standard patents. Apple is requesting one billion yuan in compensation, which echoes its $1 billion request here in the US, but when converted the new lawsuit demands are actually significantly less at somewhere around $145 million. According to Reuters, Qualcomm isn’t planning on taking the lawsuits lying down. Qualcomm VP Don Rosenberg reportedly promised that his company would fight back against Apple’s claims in the Chinese court system. “These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm’s technology,” Rosenberg alleged in a written statement. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them.” It’s worth noting that Qualcomm provides several other major electronics manufacturers with its wireless chips, including Samsung. If Apple does indeed get a favorable ruling in either the United States or China, it’s certainly possible that Qualcomm’s other clients might see that as an open door to challenge the company on various other licensing agreements. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores 12 paid iPhone apps on sale for free right now See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Apple is being sued over a sample in a Jamie xx song in an iPhone commercial New, 9 comments by Lizzie Plaugic Jan 25, 2017, 2:31pm EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Lisa Lake/Getty Images for Anheuser-Busch Apple is being sued over a 2015 iPhone 6 commercial featuring the Jamie xx song “I Know There’s Gonna Be (Good Times),” The Hollywood Reporter reports. The suit was filed yesterday in Los Angeles by Jerome Lawson, lead singer of The Persuasions, whose song “Good Times” is sampled in the Jamie xx track. However, Lawson is not claiming copyright infringement, because Universal has already cleared the sample; instead, he says the use of his voice in the commercial violates his “right of publicity,” according to THR. The lawsuit maintains that because Lawson’s voice is “prominent and recognizable” in the commercial, it deceives fans into “falsely believing that Lawson endorsed Apple and the iPhone and / or that Lawson consented to the use of his voice to advertise Apple’s products.” California’s Right of Publicity Law protects a person’s name, voice, likeness, photograph, and signature from use “for purposes of advertising or selling, or soliciting purchases of products, merchandise, goods or services, without such person's prior consent.” The lawsuit also claims that the use of “Good Times” in the Apple commercial was a breach of agreements with the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA), according to THR. The suit claims that six months after the commercial began airing, Lawson was contacted by Apple’s ad agency, Media Arts Lab. According to Lawson, a business affairs person for Media Arts Lab admitted a mistake was made by not obtaining his permission to use the song. Lawson says he was then offered the “minimum” compensation required under SAG rules which state that any use of a song in a commercial must include “separate bargaining” with singers. As The Hollywood Reporter notes, the ruling in this case could have a big effect on sampling and copyright in music. In order for Lawson to win, a judge would have to determine that state law (like the Right of Privacy Law) overrides federal copyright law in this case. But, according to experts, that seems improbable. “It seems to me highly likely that the copyright law in this particular case would preempt any state law claim,” Brad Newberg, intellectual property lawyer at McGuire Woods, told The Verge. “If you were going to allow a case like that, you would be opening up a huge Pandora’s Box for any time that anyone played music, licensed music, or frankly... did anything with a creative work that they had the right to use. You would never be able to license something for a commercial again without clearing even the backup singer and the session trombone player that was used.” Federal law preempting state law Newberg points to the 2003 trial Dastar Corporation v. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, which concerned the rights to a WWII television series. In 1948, Fox obtained the rights to a TV series based on a book called Crusade in Europe. In 1975, the book’s publisher renewed its copyright, but Fox didn’t renew its copyright on the TV series until the late ‘80s, allowing it to fall into public domain in 1977. After Dastar repackaged and sold the series in 1995, Fox sued on the grounds that Dastar had violated federal trademark law. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court, which ruled in favor of Dastar, saying that the series’ public domain status eclipsed any possible trademark violations. “What the Supreme Court has said when it grappled with a somewhat similar issue in the Dastar case, is essentially, you can’t dress up a copyright claim as some sort of trademark or right of publicity claim,” Newberg said. THR also notes a 2006 ruling that sided with Sony when the company was sued by musician Debra Laws over the 2002 Jennifer Lopez / LL Cool J track “All I Have.” Laws claimed that the song, which sampled Laws’ track “Very Special,” was a violation of her right to publicity. The judge ruled that federal law preempted her claim. There’s one more issue to consider: that the Copyright Act provides protections for sound recordings released after February 1972, while The Persuasions’ “Good Times” was released in 1971, meaning that the track might be outside the purview of the federal law. But Newberg says precedent would suggest the issue of copyright would still be at stake. “All the various cases, dealing with this, are still copyright cases,” he said. “You’re still dealing with a copyrighted work, and therefore you have to look into the realm of copyright.” The lawsuit is still in the early stages. A judge has yet to agree to hear the case. Next Up In Culture The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley Someone's recounting the tragic story of the MS St. Louis on Twitter Windows 10’s Game Mode is now available to Insiders No, Trump didn't Photoshop his hand to look bigger A new mobile game lets you break into a smartphone and uncover its owner’s secrets Brigsby Bear is the warmest, sweetest movie about creativity since Be Kind Rewind Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 A new mobile game lets you break into a smartphone and uncover its owner’s secrets No, Trump didn't Photoshop his hand to look bigger This Article has a component height of 17. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Free 10-Day TrialSign In How-To Tutorials Design & Illustration Code Web Design Photo & Video Business Music & Audio 3D & Motion Graphics Game Development Computer Skills Courses Design & Illustration Code Web Design Photo & Video Business Music & Audio 3D & Motion Graphics Bundles eBooks Design & Illustration Code Web Design Photo & Video Business Music & Audio 3D & Motion Graphics Pricing Envato Market Envato Studio Community Help Envato Market Envato Studio Community Forum Help Free 10-Day Trial Sign In How-To Tutorials Design & Illustration Adobe Photoshop Vector Adobe Illustrator Illustration Tools & Tips Inspiration Graphic Design News Icon Design Text EffectsMore Categories...Learning Guides Code Web Development WordPress Mobile Development PHP JavaScript Flash CMS iOS SDK News Android SDKMore Categories...Learning Guides Web Design CSS HTML & CSS HTML UI Design Adobe Photoshop Complete Websites Workflow Design Theory JavaScript UXMore Categories...Learning Guides Photo & Video Shooting Post-Processing Adobe Photoshop Photo Critique How-To Photography Video Inspiration Lighting Adobe LightroomMore Categories...Learning Guides Business Marketing Freelance How-To Planning Communication Careers Small Business Business Productivity FinanceMore Categories...Learning Guides Music & Audio Audio Production General Logic Pro Workshops Mixing & Mastering Sound Design Open Mic Ableton Live Reason RecordingMore Categories...Learning Guides 3D & Motion Graphics Adobe After Effects 3D Motion Graphics 3D Studio Max Maya Cinema 4D Workflow News Visual Effects RoundupsMore Categories...Learning Guides Game Development Game Design Platform Agnostic Implementation Business Programming Flash News From Scratch Unity HTML5More Categories...Learning Guides Computer Skills OS X App Training Productivity Tips & Shortcuts How-To Security Electronics Automation Office Microsoft PowerPointMore Categories...Learning Guides Courses Design & Illustration Code Web Design Photo & Video Business Music & Audio 3D & Motion Graphics BundlesComing Soon eBooks Design & Illustration Code Web Design Photo & Video Business Music & Audio 3D & Motion Graphics Pricing Advertisement Code iOS 10 Using the Speech Recognition API in iOS 10 Advertisement by Patrick Balestra3 days ago Difficulty:IntermediateLength:LongLanguages:EnglishEspañol iOS 10Swift 3DictationSpeechiOS SDKSwiftiOSMobile Development What You'll Be Creating Introduction Siri has been a core feature of iOS since it was introduced back in 2011. Now, iOS 10 brings new features to allow developers to interact with Siri. In particular, two new frameworks are now available: Speech and SiriKit.  Today, we are going to take a look at the Speech framework, which allows us to easily translate audio into text. You'll learn how to build a real-life app that uses the speech recognition API to check the status of a flight. If you want to learn more about SiriKit, I covered it in my Create SiriKit Extensions in iOS 10 tutorial. For more on the other new features for developers in iOS 10, check out Markus Mühlberger's course, right here on Envato Tuts+. iOS SDK Create SiriKit Extensions in iOS 10 Patrick Balestra iOS What's New in iOS 10 Markus Mühlberger Usage Speech recognition is the process of translating live or pre-recorded audio to transcribed text. Since Siri was introduced in iOS 5, there has been a microphone button in the system keyboard that enables users to easily dictate. This feature can be used with any UIKit text input, and it doesn't require you to write additional code beyond what you would write to support a standard text input. It's really fast and easy to use, but it comes with a few limitations: The keyboard is always present when dictating. The language cannot be customized by the app itself. The app cannot be notified when dictation starts and finishes. To allow developers to build more customizable and powerful applications with the same dictation technology as Siri, Apple created the Speech framework. It allows every device that runs iOS 10 to translate audio to text in over 50 languages and dialects. This new API is much more powerful because it doesn't just provide a simple transcription service, but it also provides alternative interpretations of what the user may have said. You can control when to stop a dictation, you can show results as your user speaks, and the speech recognition engine will automatically adapt to the user preferences (language, vocabulary, names, etc.).  An interesting feature is support for transcribing pre-recorded audio. If you are building an instant messaging app, for example, you could use this functionality to transcribe the text of new audio messages. Setup First of all, you will need to ask the user for permission to transmit their voice to Apple for analysis.  Depending on the device and the language that is to be recognized, iOS may transparently decide to transcribe the audio on the device itself or, if local speech recognition is not available on the device, iOS will use Apple's servers to do the job.  This is why an active internet connection is usually required for speech recognition. I'll show you how to check the availability of the service very soon. There are three steps to use speech recognition: Explain: tell your user why you want to access their voice. Authorize: explicitly ask authorization to access their voice. Request: load a pre-recorded audio from disk using SFSpeechURLRecognitionRequest, or stream live audio using SFSpeechAudioBufferRecognitionRequest and process the transcription. If you want to know more about the Speech framework, watch WWDC 2016 Session 509. You can also read the official documentation. Example I will now show you how to build a real-life app that takes advantage of the speech recognition API. We are going to build a small flight-tracking app in which the user can simply say a flight number, and the app will show the current status of the flight. Yes, we're going to build a small assistant like Siri to check the status of any flight! In the tutorial's GitHub repo, I've provided a skeleton project that contains a basic UI that will help us for this tutorial. Download and open the project in Xcode 8.2 or higher. Starting with an existing UI will let us focus on the speech recognition API. Take a look at the classes in the project. UIViewController+Style.swift contains most of the code responsible for updating the UI. The example datasource of the flights displayed in the table is declared in FlightsDataSource.swift. If you run the project, it should look like the following. After the user presses the microphone button, we want to start the speech recognition to transcribe the flight number. So if the user says "LX40", we would like to show the information regarding the gate and current status of the flight. To do this, we will call a function to automatically look up the flight in a datasource and show the status of the flight.  We are first going to explore how to transcribe from pre-recorded audio. Later on, we'll learn how to implement the more interesting live speech recognition. Let's start by setting up the project. Open the Info.plist file and add a new row with the explanation that will be shown to the user when asked for permission to access their voice. The newly added row is highlighted in blue in the following image. Once this is done, open ViewController.swift. Don't mind the code that is already in this class; it is only taking care of updating the UI for us. The first step with any new framework that you want to use is to import it at the top of the file. import Speech To show the permission dialog to the user, add this code in the viewDidLoad(animated:) method: switch SFSpeechRecognizer.authorizationStatus() {
    case .notDetermined:
        askSpeechPermission()
    case .authorized:
        self.status = .ready
    case .denied, .restricted:
        self.status = .unavailable
} The status variable takes care of changing the UI to warn the user that speech recognition is not available in case something goes wrong. We are going to assign a new status to the same variable every time we would like to change the UI. If the app hasn't asked the user for permission yet, the authorization status will be notDetermined, and we call the askSpeechPermission method to ask it as defined in the next step. You should always fail gracefully if a specific feature is not available. It's also very important to always communicate to the user when you're recording their voice. Never try to recognize their voice without first updating the UI and making your user aware of it. Here's the implementation of the function to ask the user for permission. func askSpeechPermission() {
    SFSpeechRecognizer.requestAuthorization { status in
        OperationQueue.main.addOperation {
            switch status {
            case .authorized:
                self.status = .ready
            default:
                self.status = .unavailable
            }
        }
    }
} We invoke the requestAuthorization method to display the speech recognition privacy request that we added to the Info.plist. We then switch to the main thread in case the closure was invoked on a different thread—we want to update the UI only from the main thread. We assign the new status to update the microphone button to signal to the user the availability (or not) of speech recognition. Pre-Recorded Audio Recognition Before writing the code to recognize pre-recorded audio, we need to find the URL of the audio file. In the project navigator, check that you have a file named LX40.m4a. I recorded this file myself with the Voice Memos app on my iPhone by saying "LX40". We can easily check if we get a correct transcription of the audio. Store the audio file URL in a property: var preRecordedAudioURL: URL = { 
    return Bundle.main.url(forResource: "LX40", withExtension: "m4a")! 
}() It's time to finally see the power and simplicity of the Speech framework. This is the code that does all the speech recognition for us: func recognizeFile(url: URL) {
    guard let recognizer = SFSpeechRecognizer(), recognizer.isAvailable else {
        return
    }

    let request = SFSpeechURLRecognitionRequest(url: url)
    recognizer.recognitionTask(with: request) { result, error in
        guard let recognizer = SFSpeechRecognizer(), recognizer.isAvailable else {
            return self.status = .unavailable
        }
        if let result = result {
            self.flightTextView.text = result.bestTranscription.formattedString
            if result.isFinal {
                self.searchFlight(number: result.bestTranscription.formattedString)
            }
        } else if let error = error {
            print(error)
        }
    }
} Here is what this method is doing: Initialize a SFSpeechRecognizer instance and check that the speech recognition is available with a guard statement. If it's not available, we simply set the status to unavailable and return. (The default initializer uses the default user locale, but you can also use the SFSpeechRecognizer(locale:) initializer to provide a different locale.) If speech recognition is available, create a SFSpeechURLRecognitionRequest instance by passing the pre-recorded audio URL. Start the speech recognition by invoking the recognitionTask(with:) method with the previously created request. The closure will be called multiple times with two parameters: a result and an error object.  The recognizer is actually playing the file and trying to recognize the text incrementally. For this reason, the closure is called multiple times. Every time it recognizes a letter or word or it makes some corrections, the closure is invoked with up-to-date objects.  The result object has the isFinal property set to true when the audio file was completely analyzed. In this case, we start a search in our flight datasource to see if we can find a flight with the recognized flight number. The searchFlight function will take care of displaying the result. The last thing that we are missing is to invoke the recognizeFile(url:) function when the microphone button is pressed: @IBAction func microphonePressed(_ sender: Any) {
    recognizeFile(url: preRecordedAudioURL)
} Run the app on your device running iOS 10, press the microphone button, and you'll see the result. The audio "LX40" is incrementally recognized, and the flight status is displayed!   Tip: The flight number is displayed in a UITextView. As you may have noticed, if you enable the Flight Number data detector in the UITextView, you can press on it and the current status of the flight will actually be displayed! The complete example code up to this point can be viewed in the pre-recorded-audio branch in GitHub. Live Audio Recognition Let's now see how to implement live speech recognition. It's going to be a little bit more complicated compared to what we just did. You can once again download the same skeleton project and follow along. We need a new key in the Info.plist file to explain to the user why we need access to the microphone. Add a new row to your Info.plist as shown in the image. We don't need to manually ask the user for permission because iOS will do that for us as soon as we try to access any microphone-related API. We can reuse the same code that we used in the previous section (remember to import Speech) to ask for the authorization. The viewDidLoad(animated:) method is implemented exactly as before: switch SFSpeechRecognizer.authorizationStatus() {
case .notDetermined:
    askSpeechPermission()
case .authorized:
    self.status = .ready
case .denied, .restricted:
    self.status = .unavailable
} Also, the method to ask the user for permission is the same. func askSpeechPermission() {
    SFSpeechRecognizer.requestAuthorization { status in
        OperationQueue.main.addOperation {
            switch status {
            case .authorized:
                self.status = .ready
            default:
                self.status = .unavailable
            }
        }
    }
} The implementation of startRecording is going to be a little bit different. Let's first add a few new instance variables that will come in handy while managing the audio session and speech recognition task. let audioEngine = AVAudioEngine() 
let speechRecognizer: SFSpeechRecognizer? = SFSpeechRecognizer() 
let request = SFSpeechAudioBufferRecognitionRequest() 
var recognitionTask: SFSpeechRecognitionTask? Let's take a look at each variable separately: AVAudioEngine is used to process an audio stream. We will create an audio node and attach it to this engine so that we can get updated when the microphone receives some audio signals. SFSpeechRecognizer is the same class we have seen in the previous part of the tutorial, and it takes care of recognizing the speech. Given that the initializer can fail and return nil, we declare it as optional to avoid crashing at runtime. SFSpeechAudioBufferRecognitionRequest is a buffer used to recognize the live speech. Given that we don't have the complete audio file as we did before, we need a buffer to allocate the speech as the user speaks. SFSpeechRecognitionTask manages the current speech recognition task and can be used to stop or cancel it. Once we have declared all the required variables, let's implement startRecording. func startRecording() {
    // Setup audio engine and speech recognizer
    guard let node = audioEngine.inputNode else { return }
    let recordingFormat = node.outputFormat(forBus: 0)
    node.installTap(onBus: 0, bufferSize: 1024, format: recordingFormat) { buffer, _ in
        self.request.append(buffer)
    }

    // Prepare and start recording
    audioEngine.prepare()
    do {
        try audioEngine.start()
        self.status = .recognizing
    } catch {
        return print(error)
    }

    // Analyze the speech
    recognitionTask = speechRecognizer?.recognitionTask(with: request, resultHandler: { result, error in
        if let result = result {
            self.flightTextView.text = result.bestTranscription.formattedString
            self.searchFlight(number: result.bestTranscription.formattedString)
        } else if let error = error {
            print(error)
        }
    })
} This is the core code of our feature. I will explain it step by step: First we get the inputNode of the audioEngine. A device can possibly have multiple audio inputs, and here we select the first one. We tell the input node that we want to monitor the audio stream. The block that we provide will be invoked upon every received audio stream of 1024 bytes. We immediately append the audio buffer to the request so that it can start the recognition process. We prepare the audio engine to start recording. If the recording starts successfully, set the status to .recognizing so that we update the button icon to let the user know that their voice is being recorded. Let's assign the returned object from speechRecognizer.recognitionTask(with:resultHandler:) to the recognitionTask variable. If the recognition is successful, we search the flight in our datasource and update the UI.  The function to cancel the recording is as simple as stopping the audio engine, removing the tap from the input node, and cancelling the recognition task. func cancelRecording() {
    audioEngine.stop()
    if let node = audioEngine.inputNode {
        node.removeTap(onBus: 0)
    }
    recognitionTask?.cancel()
} We now only need to start and stop the recording. Modify the microphonePressed method as follows: @IBAction func microphonePressed() {
    switch status {
    case .ready:
        startRecording()
        status = .recognizing
    case .recognizing:
        cancelRecording()
        status = .ready
    default:
        break
    }
} Depending on the current status, we start or stop the speech recognition. Build and run the app to see the result. Try to spell any of the listed flight numbers and you should see its status appear.   Once again, the example code can be viewed in the live-audio branch on GitHub. Best Practices Speech recognition is a very powerful API that Apple provided to iOS developers targeting iOS 10. It is completely free to use, but keep in mind that it's not unlimited in usage. It is limited to about one minute for each speech recognition task, and your app may also be throttled by Apple's servers if it requires too much computation. For these reasons, it has a high impact on network traffic and power usage.  Make sure that your users are properly instructed on how to use speech recognition, and be as transparent as possible when you are recording their voice.  Recap In this tutorial, you have seen how to use fast, accurate and flexible speech recognition in iOS 10. Use it to your own advantage to give your users a new way of interacting with your app and improve its accessibility at the same time.  If you want to learn more about integrating Siri in your app, or if you want to find out about some of the other cool developer features of iOS 10, check out Markus Mühlberger's course. iOS What's New in iOS 10 Markus Mühlberger Also, check out some of our other free tutorials on iOS 10 features. iOS Upgrade Your App to iOS 10 Bart Jacobs iOS SDK iOS 10: Creating Custom Notification Interfaces Davis Allie iOS 10 Haptic Feedback in iOS 10 Patrick Balestra iOS SDK Create SiriKit Extensions in iOS 10 Patrick Balestra Advertisement Patrick Balestra Switzerland Informatics Student at the University of Lugano, Switzerland. WWDC 2014-2015 Student Scholarship Recipient. I enjoy creating beautiful iOS applications. BalestraPatrick Weekly email summarySubscribe below and we’ll send you a weekly email summary of all new Code tutorials. Never miss out on learning about the next big thing. Update me weekly Advertisement View on Github Translations Envato Tuts+ tutorials are translated into other languages by our community members—you can be involved too!Translate this post Powered by Advertisement Watch any course now Start FREE 10-day trial Advertisement Looking for something to help kick start your next project? Envato Market has a range of items for sale to help get you started. WordPress Plugins From $4 PHP Scripts From $1 JavaScript From $2 Mobile App Templates From $4 Teaching skills to millions worldwide. 23,244 Tutorials 975 Video Courses 4,654 Translations Meet Envato About Envato Explore our Ecosystem Careers Join our Community Teach at Envato Tuts+ Translate for Envato Tuts+ Forums Community Meetups Help and Support FAQ Help Center Terms of Use About Envato Tuts+ Advertise Email Newsletters Get Envato Tuts+ updates, news, surveys & offers. SubscribePrivacy Policy From logo design to video animation, web development to website copy; expert designers developers and digital talent are ready to complete your projects. Check out Envato Studio's services Build anything from social networks to file upload systems. Build faster with pre-coded PHP scripts. Browse PHP on CodeCanyon Follow Envato Tuts+ © 2017 Envato Pty Ltd. Trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Hardware Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 Satechi’s $30 Power Meter is designed to weed out bad USB-C cables Google’s Sundar Pichai says it’s ‘very early days’ in the battle against Amazon Echo Browse more... Apple Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 Apple joins Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI initiative Browse more... Qualcomm Qualcomm reaffirms it will continue to supply Apple during its legal dispute Qualcomm stock takes a sharp hit on heels of Apple and FTC filings Qualcomm fires back against Apple over lawsuit and FTC action Browse more... Apple files a $145 million patent suit against Qualcomm in China Posted Jan 25, 2017 by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Postmates takes on Drizly with alcohol delivery in 25 minutes or less Apple doesn’t do lawsuits lightly. Hot on the heels of a suit against Qualcomm here in the States, it’s taking the San Diego-based chipmaker to intellectual property court in Beijing. The damages are considerably less than the Stateside suit, at “just” 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million), compared to $1 billion here, but the allegations are similar, with Apple accusing the component company of not delivering on patent-related promises. In a statement sent to TechCrunch, Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said that the company had yet to actually see the suit filing with Beijing’s Intellectual Property Court, but still didn’t mince words. “These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm’s technology,” said Rosenberg. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them. These terms were consistent with our NDRC Rectification plan.” In keeping with the company’s response to other recent suits, Rosenberg added that Qualcomm, “is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world. We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem.” Qualcomm was hit with a $975 million fine in China back in 2015, and received an $854 million fine in South Korea at the end of last year, over unfair patent licensing processes. Recent charges from the US FTC seem to have helped embolden Apple’ recent spate of suits. For its part, Qualcomm has already openly accused Apple of “actively encouraging regulatory attacks” around the world “by misrepresenting facts and withholding information.” We’ve reached out to Apple for comment. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Qualcomm Founded 1985 Overview Qualcomm is an American fabless semiconductor company that designs, manufactures, and markets digital wireless telecommunications products and services. It produces processors and connectivity solutions, displays, software, and charging products. The company is focused on various industries: automotive, education, healthcare, Internet of Everything, mobile computing, networking, smart cities, smart … Location San Diego, CA Categories Wireless, Telecommunications, Manufacturing, Mobile Website http://www.qualcomm.com Full profile for Qualcomm Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Qualcomm Apple Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Postmates takes on Drizly with alcohol delivery in 25 minutes or less Posted Jan 25, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 11 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Apple takes patent battle with Qualcomm to China Apple takes patent battle with Qualcomm to China Qualcomm allegedly denied Apple access to certain patents Michael Kan (IDG News Service) 26 January, 2017 06:39 - - - - print email Comments Apple has filed two new lawsuits against Qualcomm, this time in China, that allege the mobile chip maker abused its market dominance and patents to charge excessively high licensing fees. Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan (US$145 million) in damages from Qualcomm, according to Beijing’s intellectual property court, which announced Wednesday it would hear the lawsuits.   The legal action centers on Qualcomm’s standards-essential patents for its cellular technology. Allegedly, the company refused to negotiate a fair licensing fee for the patents and even declined to license some of them to Apple.  This "restricted" the iPhone maker from offering certain products or services, one of the lawsuits claim, according to the Beijing court. Apple didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. But last week, it filed a separate $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm in the U.S., which also charges the chipmaker with demanding "exorbitant" licensing fees for its cellular technology.   “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with,” Apple said at the time. Earlier this month, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission also accused the chipmaker of engaging in anticompetitive practices over its royalty fees.  However, Qualcomm said it is prepared to defend itself in court. "These filings by Apple's Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple's efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," the company said Wednesday. The chipmaker said it offered Apple licensing fees that are "consistent" with what more than 100 Chinese companies have agreed to pay. Qualcomm has also revised its business practices in the country ever since Chinese regulators fined the company $975 million back in February 2015 over monopolistic practices.  As part of that settlement, Qualcomm agreed to overhaul its patent licensing system in China. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleApple.Federal Trade CommissionQualcomm Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Are You Protected? Get Ahead of the Curve The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Team Lead - Infrastructure, Cloud and Cyber Security QLD Senior Network Engineer NSW System Engineer - Adelaide WA JDEVELOPER NSW UNIX / Linux Engineer NSW Infrastructure Solution Architect SA iOS Developer NSW Manager - Field Services VIC Data Centre Design Engineer - Data Centre - Telco VIC Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Paul Williams new Pacific National IT chief ​Brisbane City Council tech project faces possible $60m blowout ​Google becomes its own Root Certificate Authority CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Five arrested for hacking into ATMs and stealing $3.2 million Cisco starts patching critical flaw in WebEx browser extension Compliance focus, too much security expertise hurts awareness programs Computerworld Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Microsoft gets unexpected bump in Windows revenue Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ Corruption claims over failed $240m Ultranet project ARN Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Former Webroot head joins Insentra A partner's guide to weeding out Australia’s “warmware” risks Optus vaults into Voice over Wi-Fi services Techworld The world's largest solar farm contains 2.5 million solar modules Alt Twitter government accounts spring up to challenge Trump LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make first 7-nm chips this year CMO CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 27 January 2017 How HBF rolled out marketing automation in eight months De Castro takes marketing and sales reins at AGL Updated: Ganschow, Ristevski, Kirby join NAB's marketing leadership team Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Apple Graveyard? — Tesla hires MacBook Air designer for senior engineering role Matt Casebolt will be in charge of "Closures and Mechanisms." Jonathan M. Gitlin - Jan 12, 2017 12:00 am UTC Enlarge Tesla reader comments 79 Share this story Tesla has been on quite the talent search of late. Last year it hired Peter Hochholdinger from Audi to oversee Model 3 production. It also hired Anders Bell—previously of Volvo—to take charge of designing interiors. On Tuesday, we learned that Apple programmer Chris Lattner had left the company Elon Musk once described as the "Tesla Graveyard" to become VP for Autopilot. Well, it turns out he's not the only longtime Apple man to ride whatever it is you'd call the Silicon Valley equivalent of Charon's boat. Seth Weintraub at 9to5mac has revealed that the electric vehicle maker has also obtained the services of Matt Casebolt, who will assume the role of Senior Director Engineering, Closures and Mechanisms. These are areas where Tesla has previously encountered difficulties; early Model Xs had to have a faulty seat hinge replaced, and the production of the SUV's Falcon Wing doors proved to be quite a headache. Casebolt's portfolio at Apple includes the original MacBook Air as well as the most recent Mac Pro and MacBook Pro. In fact, as Weintraub describes, there's quite the Apple diaspora over at Tesla these days, in part thanks to the former drastically scaling back its own automotive ambitions. While we expect it will take a little time to see the results of Tesla's recruitment strategy, it certainly seems to be looking for talent in encouraging places. The past few years have proven it knows how to engineer the best EV powertrain in the business, and it's not too shabby when it comes to advanced driver assists. If it can achieve those levels of competency in some of the other demands of designing and building cars, its future should be very bright indeed. Jonathan M. Gitlin Jonathan is the automotive editor at Ars Technica, covering all things car-related. Jonathan lives and works in Washington, D.C. Email jonathan.gitlin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drgitlin reader comments 79 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Enterprises Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading After lawsuit in US, Apple sues Qualcomm in China  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Enterprises Apple Apple After lawsuit in US, Apple sues Qualcomm in China PUBLISHED : Thursday, 26 January, 2017, 2:55am UPDATED : Thursday, 26 January, 2017, 2:55am Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Related Articles Leaders & Founders Apple files US$1 bln lawsuit against Qualcomm over royalties 21 Jan 2017 Innovation American companies the most innovative in 2016 12 Jan 2017 Innovation Growing Chinese competition tests iPhone’s staying power 10 Jan 2017 Apple filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, alleging the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan (US$145.32 million) in damages, Beijing’s Intellectual Property Court said in a statement on Wednesday. Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm which accused it of failing to live up to promises made to license “standard essential patents” broadly and inexpensively. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 per cent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In an emailed statement, Qualcomm said it had not yet seen the full complaints against it filed in the Chinese court. But Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said Qualcomm had offered Apple the same terms as other customers after a 2015 regulatory ruling in China and that his firm would defend its business model in Chinese courts. “These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm’s technology,” Rosenberg said in the statement. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them.” The lawsuits follow a decision by the US Federal Trade Commission to file a complaint on January 17 in which it accused Qualcomm of using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly of a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Apple followed with a related lawsuit last Friday. It asked a federal court in California for $1 billion in promised rebates and accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips. Apple sues Qualcomm for US$1 bln over royalties Qualcomm said previously that it would contest both the FTC and the Apple lawsuit filed in the United States. The chip maker faces legal challenges across the globe. South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practises in patent licensing, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.   Most Popular Viewed 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Alibaba’s shares rise on higher full-year revenue forecast 3 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet 4 Samsung Note 7 fires due to design, manufacturing issues 5 China to build most powerful synchrotron light source Shared 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Prepare for robotics, AI to worsen the backlash of globalisation 3 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet 4 Alibaba’s shares rise on higher full-year revenue forecast 5 Internet+ turning into a buzzword in China Commented 1 Pay day in Hong Kong actually means you are paid 2 HSBC shuts 62 UK branches, but Hong Kong network unchanged 3 HNA pays HK$5.53 billion for its third land parcel at Kai Tak site 4 Exchange Fund reports investment gain of HK$61 billion 5 Baidu focuses on AI as founder hires new management team Promotions Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Geopolitics Hong Kong to return seized armoured vehicles to Singapore 25 Jan 2017 - 12:24pm 87 Smart-home kits keep pet owners connected In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China How does China’s ‘One Belt, One Road’ match up against the TPP? 24 Jan 2017 - 11:17pm 2 Promoting an international outlook Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University China China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 23 Jan 2017 - 11:26pm 26 Lifestyle Lunar New Year feng shui: how to decorate your home Jan 25th 2017, 5:42pm Insight & Opinion Hong Kong must understand the limits of its autonomy 23 Jan 2017 - 8:49pm 17 Hong Kong CIA files reveal anxiety over Hong Kong’s future under Chinese rule 21 Jan 2017 - 11:18pm 43 Opinion How Trump will try to smash Eurasian integration 22 Jan 2017 - 11:00am 4 China How will Melania’s style compare with Michelle Obama and Peng Liyuan? 20 Jan 2017 - 9:21pm 30 Post Magazine How language dictates the menu at our Lunar New Year feasts 22 Jan 2017 - 7:32am Hong Kong Sheung Shui eco-village offers a taste of nature for city dwellers Jan 20th 2017, 7:40pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple takes their War against Qualcomm to Beijing China – Patently Apple Posted on January 25, 2017 by Patently Apple Apple takes their war against Qualcomm to China. According to a new report late this morning, Apple has filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, alleging that the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145 … Qualcomm Comments on Apple’s Lawsuits in ChinaPR Newswire (press release) Apple V. Qualcomm Heats Up with China Suit; Qualcomm RefutesBarron’s (blog) Apple files lawsuits against Qualcomm in BeijingSeeking Alpha South China Morning Post all 9 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Reportedly Nearing Deal To Make Products In India, But Will They Be Cheaper? – Tech Times Posted on January 25, 2017 by Tech Times Apple has apparently had a “constructive” meeting with the Indian government regarding its plans to build a manufacturing facility in the country. Apple products made in India could be significantly more affordable, but it remains to be seen if a deal … Apple meeting with India government ‘constructive,’ iPhone manufacture ‘almost a done deal’ [u]AppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Has ‘Constructive’ Meeting With India About Local Manufacturing Opportunities [Updated]Mac Rumors Report: Apple hammering out a deal to manufacture gadgets in IndiaArs Technica Wall Street Journal -ValueWalk -TechCrunch -PCWorld all 50 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 197 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president. Post to Facebook Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jqm5c4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Two tech stocks helped power Dow to 20,000 Jon Swartz , USA TODAY Published 2:27 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 | Updated 6:06 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share For the first time, the Dow Jones industrial average topped 20,000. A look back at Dow’s monthly performance since its inception in 1896. By Ramon Padilla, Jim Sergent, Adam Shell USA TODAY Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed over the 20,000 mark for the first time after at the opening bell. (Photo: Andrew Gombert, EPA) SAN FRANCISCO — Silicon Valley may shudder at the prospect of a Trump Administration, but so far it's prospering since he was elected president. In the Dow's rocket ride to a record 20,000, the tech-heavy Nasdaq rallied to a record, too: It topped 5,656, closing up 1% at a record. USA TODAY Dow hits all-time high, cracks 20,000 for the first time ever Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, IBM and Netflix have helped propel the record-setting surge for tech stocks. Their stocks are up between 5% and 15% since the Nov. 8 election, with several trading near 52-week highs. On the price-weighted Dow, where stocks with higher per-share prices do more of the heavy lifting and the tech sector leans toward older, hardware-oriented companies, components Intel, Microsoft, Cisco, IBM, Apple had a mixed showing. While IBM and Apple had double-digit runs, Cisco is slightly lower than it was on Election Day. IBM, whose CEO Ginni Rometty was named as an early business adviser to Pres. Trump's transition team, is responsible for 9% of the Dow’s run of more than 1,700 points since Nov. 8.  iPhone maker Apple has contributed 4% of the recent surge and Microsoft 1.3%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices data. Tech investors so far have bought into Trump's aggressive agenda to goose the economy with a lower corporate tax rate and in anticipation of repatriation, which would let companies bring back cash held overseas at lower rates. The market is also benefiting from expectations for forthcoming earnings results during what is traditionally the tech industry's strongest quarter. Alphabet and Microsoft are scheduled to report quarterly sales on Thursday. Apple is scheduled to announce its results on Jan. 31, and Facebook on Feb. 1. Early results are promising. Shares of Yahoo rose 3.5% Tuesday, a day after it reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue and said the sale of its core internet business to Verizon for $4.8 billion should be completed in the second quarter. Netflix shares hit a record after strong international subscriber growth. FindTheCompany | Graphiq The market momentum comes with a healthy dose of irony: The tech industry is heavily at odds with Trump's "America First" economic policies for restrictive immigration and a push for more manufacturing jobs in the U.S. On Monday, he threatened a "major" border tax for non-U.S. based manufactured good imports in a meeting with a dozen top executives, including Michael Dell, founder of PC giant Dell, and Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors and SpaceX. Trump also has vowed to help business with a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 15% from 35% and deregulation of "at least 75%." Tech analysts expect the wild ride to continue for several quarters, but may not be sustainable. "There are near-term positives, but there is a danger of a long-term crash once some of the policies that tech objects to are in place," says Matt Eastwood, an analyst for market researcher IDC. Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. 197 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jqm5c4 NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → Apple Watch Gets Theater Mode, More in watchOS 3.2 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 25th, 2017 11:35 AM EST | News Your Apple Watch is about to become far less annoying in movie theaters because the “Theater Mode” feature rumored to be coming to the iPhone is actually destined for your wrist. Apple tipped off developers to that feature and more in an overview of what’s coming in watchOS 3.2. Get ready for a less annoying Apple Watch in movie theaters According to Apple’s notes, Theater Mode is part of watchOS 3.1.3, but isn’t visible yet. Presumably it’ll come to life when watchOS 3.2 rolls out. Theater Mode lets you mute Apple Watch sounds and prevents the screen from lighting up when you raise your wrist. Notifications still come through, and you can see the display by tapping it or pressing the Digital Crown. watchOS 3.2 also adds SiriKit support so you can perform tasks like booking rides, starting workouts, and search photos with voice commands. Apple says SiriKit in watchOS 3.2 supports messaging, payments, ride booking, workouts, calling, and searching photos. The update also adds support for Apple’s AVAudioPlayer APIs, which makes activating audio playback easier. In other words, Apple Watch is about to get far more useful. Since the watchOS 3.2 release notes are available to developers now, the beta version is probably about to roll out. There isn’t any word on when it’s coming, so for now we’ll have to go with “real soon.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch, Theater Mode, watchOS 3 One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick January 25, 2017 Theater Mode lets you mute Apple Watch sounds and prevents the screen from lighting up when you raise your wrist. Notifications still come through, and you can see the display by tapping it or pressing the Digital Crown. That would be a very nice feature. January 25, 2017 at 2:34 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 10093 Jeff Gamet news 1 1485344141 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple files 2 suits VS Qualcomm in Beijing, Qualcomm responds Chris Burns - Jan 25, 2017 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This afternoon the folks at Qualcomm have issued a statement on their current state of legal affairs with Apple in China. They suggest that they have not seen the legal complaints issued by Apple, regardless of the Beijing court’s press release. Apple’s statement on the situation says that they have had disagreements with Qualcomm about royalty costs for technology licenses for many years, and have just recently found it necessary to seek assistance from the courts. Qualcomm said this afternoon that they’ve seen the Beijing court’s press release, but no official complaint from Apple. In the press release, as Qualcomm says, two mentions of complaints are made. One complaint is for a violation of China’s Anti-Monopoly Law. The other complaint “requests a determination of the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple for Qualcomm’s cellular standard essentials patents.” “These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm’s technology. Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them. These terms were consistent with our NDRC Rectification plan,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. “Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world. We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem.” NOTE: As of publication time, Beijing Intellectual Property Court has not responded to SlashGear about this alleged set of court cases. The BJIPC has not yet published any such documents to the web. We’ll be staying on the lookout for said documents. Back on the 20th of January, Apple first made statement regarding this court case. Qualcomm replied that “Despite an appeal from members of Congress to refrain from ‘midnight litigation’ with novel and untested legal theories that could damage competition in the U.S., the FTC accelerated the investigation of Qualcomm and directed the filing of the complaint just days before the change of the Administration though only three of five FTC commissioners are in place.” UPDATE: Reuters suggests they’ve seen the same statement Qualcomm has from Beijing’s Intellectual Property Court. In this statement, they suggest, Apple has filed two lawsuits against Qualcomm, seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in total damages. Story Timeline Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The lowdown on 2017's flagship chip The Nokia 8 didn't get leaked by Qualcomm at CES The FTC just sued Qualcomm for being anti-competitive Apple just sued Qualcomm for unfair license costs Tags ApplecourtlawlawsuitlegalmobileQualcomm Must Read Bits & Bytes Nintendo Switch’s simple specs shared: Pro Control or Just No? Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks: Tiny bezels, moved fingerprint sensor, more Google Daydream grabs HTC’s Vive design chief Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Latest Headlines Shazam speeds up song identification with new Android shortcut Jan 27, 2017 Gear Fit Pro trademark hints at new Samsung fitness wearable Jan 27, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard sold 2.5m units in first three days Jan 27, 2017 NASA’s twin study finds notable biological changes after a year in space Jan 27, 2017 KontrolFreek unveils performance gaming clothes for gamers Jan 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Jan 25, 2017 Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 Review: Top Marks Jan 25, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Apple’s FaceTime blamed for girl’s highway crash death in new lawsuit Family claims Apple should have deployed patented tech to "lock-out" motorists. David Kravets - Jan 3, 2017 6:55 pm UTC Barry Davis reader comments 333 Share this story According to the latest figures available, US highway deaths increased by more than 10 percent year-over-year during the first half of 2016. One big reason? Distracted driving with mobile phones. It's a reality that now has one phone-maker in some unusual legal crosshairs. Further ReadingThe state(s) of texting and driving in the US Apple, maker of the ever-popular iPhone, is being sued on allegations that its FaceTime app contributed to the highway death of a 5-year-old girl named Moriah Modisette. In Denton County, Texas, on Christmas Eve 2014, a man smashed into the Modisette family's Toyota Camry as it stopped in traffic on southbound Interstate 35W. Police say that the driver was using the FaceTime application and never saw the brake lights ahead of him. In addition to the tragedy, father James, mother Bethany, and daughter Isabella all suffered non-fatal injuries during the crash two years ago. The Modisette family now wants Apple to pay damages for the mishap. The family alleges the Cupertino, California-based technology company had a duty to warn motorists against using the app and that it could have used patented technology to prohibit drivers from utilizing the app. According to the suit (PDF) filed in Santa Clara County Superior Court: Plaintiffs allege APPLE, INC.'s failure to design, manufacture, and sell the Apple iPhone 6 Plus with the patented, safer alternative design technology already available to it that would automatically lock-out or block users from utilizing APPLE, INC.'s 'FaceTime' application while driving a motor vehicle at highway speed, and failure to warn users that the product was likely to be dangerous when used or misused in a reasonably foreseeable manner and/or instruct on the safe usage of this and similar applications, rendered the Apple iPhone 6 defective when it left defendant APPLE, INC's possession, and were a substantial factor in causing plaintiffs' injuries and decedent's death. The patent referenced, issued by the US patent office in April 2014, is designed to provide a "lock-out mechanism" to prevent iPhone use by drivers. The patent claims a "motion analyzer" and a "scenery analyzer" help prevent phone use. The reliability of such lock-out services, however, has come into question. "The motion analyzer can detect whether the handheld computing device is in motion beyond a predetermined threshold level. The scenery analyzer can determine whether a holder of handheld computing device is located within a safe operating area of a vehicle. And the lock-out mechanism can disable one or more functions of the handheld computing device based on output of the motion analyzer, and enable the one or more functions based on output of the scenery analyzer," according to the patent. Apple has not commented on the lawsuit, but it has said that drivers are responsible for their behavior. "For those customers who do not wish to turn off their iPhones or switch into Airplane Mode while driving to avoid distractions, we recommend the easy-to-use Do Not Disturb and Silent Mode features," Apple said in a statement. The suit comes amid mounting reports of motorists crashing while being distracted with their phones. Such accidents take place as drivers engage in everything from playing Pokémon Go to texting. In the US, proposed solutions have popped up from the mundane (more officers watching for phone usage) to the unorthodox (Textalyzers that prevent cars from functioning; alarms that go off if a driver's hands leave the wheel for three seconds). Elsewhere, British officials are to meet with phone makers in a push for a "drive safe" phone mode in the UK. Garrett Wilhelm, the accused driver of the car that smashed into the Modisette vehicle, has been charged with manslaughter. David Kravets The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper. Email david.kravets@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dmkravets reader comments 333 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK no news is bad news — Apple pulls New York Times apps from Chinese App Store by China’s request Apps have been missing from the store since December 23. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 4, 2017 10:20 pm UTC Enlarge / The iOS version of The New York Times app. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 81 Share this story Further ReadingNYT: China bans Apple’s iBooks and iTunes Movies stores Citing local Chinese regulations, Apple confirmed today to The New York Times that the publication's English- and Chinese-language apps had been removed from the Chinese version of the Apple app store. Apple said that "when the situation changes, the App Store will once again offer The New York Times app for download in China," but it declined to cite the specific regulations violated or who had contacted Apple about it in the first place. The apps were removed from the store on December 23. According to the Times, the Chinese government has been taking steps to block the publication in the country since a series of articles in 2012 highlighted the hidden wealth of then-Prime Minister Wen Jiabao and his family. Legislation called "The Provisions on the Administration of Mobile Internet Application Information Services" passed in June of 2016 prohibits apps from publishing "prohibited" information among other things, and the Times suspects this is the rule that got its news apps pulled. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world,” said NYT spokesperson Eileen Murphy. China has become a very important territory for Apple's bottom line in the last couple of years, though 2016's sales were far below the heights of 2015's. The country also plays a large part in the manufacturing of Apple's hardware—the Times detailed last week the billions of dollars in benefits and subsidies that China and the city of Zhengzhou have provided to Apple's manufacturing partner Foxconn. These reasons make it beneficial for Apple to play ball with Chinese authorities and make investments in China and Chinese companies. But there have been other censorship-related clashes, like when China shut down the Chinese iTunes movie and book stores just a few months after allowing them to open. Apple has also refused to give its operating systems' source code to the country. When contacted for comment, Apple Director of Corporate Communications Fred Sainz told Ars that Apple had no statements beyond what was already printed in the Times article. Readers in China can still access the Times' reporting using a VPN or other software that circumvents the country's so-called "Great Firewall." Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 81 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — 10 years of the iPhone, and 10 years of iPhone reviews Revisiting every single one of Apple's iPhones in a trip down memory lane. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 9, 2017 8:07 pm UTC Enlarge / Things have changed over the years, but every iPhone is unmistakably an iPhone. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 110 Share this story Further ReadingThe iPad turns five: A look back at all nine of Apple’s tablets Ten years ago today, Steve Jobs hopped onstage at the 2007 MacWorld conference and announced a much-anticipated product that would come to totally eclipse the Mac. It was an iPod, a phone, and an Internet device. It was the first iPhone, and whether you like Apple and its products or not, it drastically altered the face of computing. Apple stopped attending MacWorld in 2009 (the conference ended entirely in 2015) and Steve Jobs passed away in 2011, but the iPhone is still here and so are we. We've reviewed every single iPhone that Apple has released, and as we did when the iPad turned five, we'll walk down memory lane with both the benefit of hindsight and the stuff we thought at the time. The iPhone: It begins We're still talking about one of these gadgets; guess which one! Jacqui Cheng Our original iPhone review was written by four people and was nearly 20,000 words long—even in the pre-App Store days, there was a ton to cover. We take pretty much everything about that first phone for granted these days. It's driven almost entirely by its touchscreen, eschewing any sort of hardware keyboard. It had a mini version of the desktop Safari browser that could actually display accurate versions of sites instead of barely formatted piles of text and unsupported HTML and CSS. And it served as such an effective iPod replacement that it eventually cannibalized sales and reduced the iconic music player to a rounding error on Apple's balance sheets. Further ReadingiPhone in depth: the Ars review But we can say all of that pretty easily with the benefit of hindsight. At the time, we hedged our bets, and much of our review was about the things that the first iPhone was missing: no Exchange support, no MMS support, no app store, and no 3G connectivity. It was locked to AT&T, and since Apple hadn't yet succumbed to the subsidized two-year-contract model that helped obscure the true cost of a high-end smartphone, you had to pay $500 or $600 up front for a 4GB or 8GB model. From the review: We love the concept of the iPhone. It's extremely easy to use and almost entirely self-discoverable; the interface looks better than any other phone—smartphone or not—currently on the market, and it's just plain fun to use. In a perfect world, the iPhone is a perfect 10. But neither the world nor the iPhone is perfect. ...It's clear to us that the iPhone wasn't meant, at the outset anyway, as a smartphone for smartphone people (who typically end up being business people). Instead, the iPhone was meant as a smartphone for everyone else: average people who, until now, had no reason or motivation to get a BlackBerry or something similar that may have been more difficult to use and had way too many features for the average phone user. But the concept of the iPhone doesn't just appeal to average users; it appeals to everyone, including business users. And some would even say that business usage patterns are really at the forefront of what the iPhone should be doing anyway: push e-mail, network independence (you don't have to choose a carrier based on your phone), and custom apps. But like iPod 1.0, this design set out to accomplish the basics of what a full-featured Internet phone should be. With regard to Exchange and push e-mail, we believe that only a fraction of the target audience has use for that. Most people are using POP, IMAP and webmail; iPhone supports these. Of course, we anxiously await what Visto and others are working on with regard to add-on Exchange support. For us personally, the short explanation that we find ourselves giving people most often about how we feel about the iPhone is this: before the iPhone came out, we were planning to buy a new smartphone that was not the iPhone. We are still not buying an iPhone today, after having used it exclusively for some time. However, we are not buying something else either; we plan to wait to see what software (and hardware) updates might come out for the iPhone in the near future. We believe that the iPhone is cool enough to wait for whatever might come out, and we have confidence that many of the nits we have picked can be fixed through a major software update. The iPhone 3G: An iPhone with 3G The iPhone on the left, iPhone 3G on the right. Jacqui Cheng Apple's second iPhone got a tweaked design and that 3G connectivity we wanted, but the most important stuff about it in retrospect was its software and the way it was sold. "iPhone OS 2.0," as it was then called, added the App Store to both the 3G and the first-gen iPhone. Even with all the limits Apple placed on developers, it felt like the full potential of the iPhone was beginning to be realized. By this point, AT&T was also offering the phone for $199 or $299 with a two-year contract for 8GB and 16GB models—sure, you'd end up paying more in the long run, but those subsidies helped downplay the original model's sticker shock and get the phones in the hands of more people. Our review highlighted those advantages, but we were still lukewarm on the iPhone as a BlackBerry replacement for business users. At the time, in fact, we knocked this device down a couple points on an arbitrary numerical scale Ars was in the process of discontinuing. The $199 (or $299, or $399, or $499) question is: is it worth it? As usual, the answer is "it depends." If you're using some old, crappy cell phone, you're looking for something new, and you're not allergic to AT&T, then go for it. Do it now. Well, maybe wait until the lines subside. If you've got a smartphone for personal use—iPhone or otherwise—then the answer depends on how much you value the new features. Are 3G, the louder speaker, and GPS worth at least $200 plus $10 more per month for two years? Remember that you can get the iPhone 2.0 firmware and the App Store on an older iPhone as well. For us reviewers who are using the iPhone 3G as a personal phone, we feel happy with the decision to purchase it. Sure, it's not a religious experience, but we're definitely satisfied. If you want to wait and see what comes out of Apple in another six months to a year, however, there's no huge reason not to do so. If you're a business user, then we feel the answer is no, it's not worth it. The original iPhone was not made to be an enterprise device, and the new iPhone isn't either. Although some baby steps have been made, BlackBerry users will find themselves frustrated with the lack of complete Exchange support and may even end up returning their devices, or at least carrying an iPhone alongside a BlackBerry. We already know several who have done this, and it will happen to many more. Although we have dropped numerical scores from our product reviews, we feel the need to enumerate the iPhone 3G in comparison to our original iPhone score. A year ago, we gave the iPhone an 8 overall (with significant caveats based on personal use). The original iPhone was truly an innovation in the mobile space, and it has most certainly shaken things up over the last 12 months. The iPhone 3G is being marketed not only as a faster device, however, but as a business-capable device as well. So, not only is it being compared to the original iPhone, it is being compared more heavily to its competitors in the smartphone space than its predecessors. Because of this, we at Ars have agreed that the new device deserves a 6. It's great as a consumer device, but with enterprise users' expectations having been raised this time around, we feel it still has quite a ways to go. The iPhone 3GS: S is for speed Enlarge / A battle-tested iPhone 3GS running iOS 6, the last major iOS update the phone received and the last one to use the old Scott Forstall-era iOS design language. Andrew Cunningham Apple's third iPhone was its first "S" model, establishing a pattern that Apple followed until 2016's iPhone 7. One year would bring an iPhone with an all-new design, and the next year would bring a refinement of that design with faster internals and other new tweaks. For the 3GS, performance really was the main draw—even though the 3G didn't improve performance at all. What this phone did offer was double the RAM (from 128MB to 256MB), a processor bump from a 412MHz ARMv6 CPU to a 600MHz ARMv7 CPU, and a brand-new GPU. Those hardware improvements combined with the new stuff in iPhone OS 3.0 earned the 3GS a solid review from us, but we complained that it still couldn't run third-party apps in the background. Note the comparisons to the Palm Pre, a phone that looked impressive at the time but ultimately ended up imploding: Whether or not you buy an iPhone 3GS depends highly on what you're coming from and what you want to do with the device. If you're in the market for a new iPhone and you've never had one before (or you have an original iPhone), there's no reason not to buy the new one—the device is blazingly fast and can do more cool things than ever; you even qualify for fully subsidized pricing from most carriers. If you're an iPhone 3G owner, the question is more nuanced. How much do you value being able to take video? Do you like having a compass in Maps? One of us (Jacqui) is a 3G owner who doesn't plan to upgrade because the current feature set is not enough to make her want to drop $400 to $500 on a half-subsidized model that is very similar to one she already owns. However, if there's one reason to upgrade between these two models, do it for the speed. The speed difference is significant, and iPhone OS 3.0 is clearly optimized for the 3GS. As for everyone else, there are still downsides to consider when thinking about buying an iPhone. The OS still does not support background processes outside of Apple's own applications—something that the Pre's webOS can apparently handle quite smoothly. Some users still hate the iPhone's on-screen keyboard, and there's no indication that a physical keyboard (even as an add-on) is coming any time soon. And, for those of you in the US, the iPhone is still locked into AT&T, a carrier that seems relatively unpopular among our readership (though, we should point out that other popular phones like the Pre and G1 are also locked into their respective carriers, so this point only stands if you dislike AT&T more than the others). What we do know is that it's extremely difficult not to fall in love with the 3GS for some reason or another, especially if you play a lot of games or do a lot of Internet surfing. Despite its flaws, we still give it a thumbs up. Page: 1 2 3 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 110 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Tim Cook and other Apple execs miss out on bonus pay after disappointing 2016 Executive earnings were down more than $2 million compared to 2015. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 6, 2017 6:14 pm UTC Enlarge / Apple's executive pay for 2016. Apple reader comments 150 Share this story Further ReadingApple is 19 percent less profitable in Q4 of 2016 than in Q4 of 2015 Apple raked in $215.6 billion in sales in 2016, but it wasn't enough to keep the company from reporting its first year-over-year sales decline since 2001. According to the company's definitive proxy statement filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, the company's sales declined from $233.7 billion in 2015, and its operating income likewise fell from $71.2 billion in 2015 to $60.0 billion in 2016. The decline in these two metrics was enough to significantly cut incentive-based pay for Tim Cook and a number of other high-level Apple executives. The SEC report lists the earnings of six "named executives," including CEO Tim Cook, CFO Luca Maestri, Retail SVP Angela Ahrendts, Internet Software and Services SVP Eddy Cue, Hardware Engineering SVP Dan Riccio, and General Counsel Bruce Sewell. Cook's base salary is set at $3 million, while the other executives' base pay is $1 million. Each executive has the opportunity to earn up to four times his or her base salary if the company meets net sales and operating income goals. Incentive payout targets versus where Apple fell in 2016. Apple Last year, all of the executives maxed out their potential cash bonuses—Cook received an $8 million cash bonus based on his then-$2 million base salary, and the other named executives earned $4 million based on their $1 million base salaries. This year, Cook earned $5.3 million and other executives earned about $1.8 million, a little less than twice each executive's base salary. Each of the executives aside from Cook received $20 million in stock, $8 million of which is incentive-based (though the way these incentives are awarded depends on Apple's stock performance relative to other companies rather than its revenue). Apple's revenue fell this year mostly because the iPhone declined—the iPhone 6S was unable to repeat the iPhone 6's success. Sales in China fell precipitously after surging in 2015, and unexpectedly strong sales for the iPhone SE lowered the iPhone's average selling price. Revenue from services like the App Store and Apple Music grew at a steady clip throughout the year, but it wasn't nearly enough to make up for the iPhone's stumble or the smaller year-over-year dips in iPad and Mac sales. For 2017, Apple will be making its executives' pay even more dependent on performance—specifically, up to 50 percent of "long-term equity incentives" (i.e. stock) will rely on the company's performance in the coming fiscal year. The company's earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will happen on January 31, and the company has projected revenue between $76 and $78 billion, slightly beating the $75.9 billion it earned in the first quarter of 2016. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 150 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK a swift exit — Longtime Apple programmer and Swift creator leaves Apple for Tesla Chris Lattner has been a programmer at Apple since 2005. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 10, 2017 10:56 pm UTC reader comments 128 Share this story Enlarge / Current Apple Director of Developer Tools Chris Lattner will be leaving the company for Tesla later this month. Chris LattnerSoftware developer Chris Lattner, creator of the Swift programming language and Apple's current director of the Developer Tools department, will be leaving the company later this month to become Tesla's new vice president of Autopilot software. Lattner announced his departure to the Swift mailing list earlier today, just a few hours before Tesla made his hiring public. Ted Kremenek, another longtime Apple developer who has been with the company since 2007, will be taking over Lattner's duties as Swift project lead. Further ReadingTesla is all about autopilot and radar in firmware 8Lattner has worked at Apple since 2005, and he's been involved in a lot of major tools and software initiatives over the years. His extensive resume lists many versions of Xcode going back to at least version 3.1, LLVM and the Clang frontend, OpenCL, LLDB, and Swift. He also did some work on macOS, helped tune software performance for the Apple A6 used in the iPhone 5, and helped with the transition to 64-bit ARM CPUs that began with the iPhone 5S. His resume shows a willingness to create, adopt, and evangelize new software and programming languages, which will no doubt be a component of his work at Tesla. He has also been a major proponent of Apple's open source work, driving the push to make Swift open source and communicating with the Swift community and steering its efforts. Tesla's Elon Musk clearly views his company as the more appealing place to work right now; he has said that "if you don't make it at Tesla, you go work at Apple," and has referred to Apple as the "Tesla Graveyard." The company's Autopilot software currently merely assists drivers, but Tesla's stated intent is to make its cars capable of fully self-driving as early as this year. Listing image by Chris Lattner Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 128 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK apple tv — Report: Apple will go up against Netflix, HBO, others with scripted TV shows The problem is that audiences already have plenty of stuff to watch. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 12, 2017 5:50 pm UTC Enlarge / "Apple TV" may be more than the name for a streaming box if its efforts come to fruition. Apple reader comments 136 Share this story Apple is thinking about getting into the scripted TV business, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. Ever-mysterious "people familiar with the matter" tell the Journal the shows would be offered to Apple Music subscribers, and the company is talking to both "veteran producers" and "experienced marketing executives" to create and promote those shows. The shows could be released by the end of this year. The report also says Apple is looking into making movies, but it describes those efforts as "more preliminary." Apple is already dabbling in some unscripted TV, including an app developer competition series called Planet of the Apps and a half-hour version of Carpool Karaoke. Another previously announced project, a scripted "dark semi-autobiographical drama featuring at least one orgy scene," stars Dr. Dre, the rapper and producer whose name just happens to be attached to the Beats headphones Apple sells. The other scripted TV referenced in the WSJ report presumably will not star Apple employees (though I personally would probably watch a buddy cop show where Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi teamed up to solve crimes). Further ReadingYahoo yanks Yahoo Screen hub, scatters “original” content across sites Apple is a big company with many resources, but this would be a step into a crowded market that it has little experience in. Streaming-only companies like Netflix and Amazon, basic cable networks like AMC and FX, hybrid companies like HBO, and traditional broadcast networks are offering a wider range of scripted TV programs than ever before. According to FX's research, there were 455 scripted TV shows across all these providers in 2016, up from 349 in 2013 when pioneering Netflix shows like House of Cards and Orange is the New Black had their premieres. The "Peak TV" phenomenon is driving huge growth in the TV industry, but failed projects like Yahoo Screen show that success in a market already overflowing with options can be hard to come by. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 136 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Safari bug caused poor Consumer Reports MacBook Pro battery tests [Updated] New laptops have gotten the "Recommended" rating they were previously denied. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 12, 2017 10:48 pm UTC Enlarge / The new MacBook Pro. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 217 Share this story Further ReadingExplaining the battery life problems with the new MacBook Pros Update: Consumer Reports has given the new MacBook Pros a "Recommended" rating after re-testing them. The publication does note that the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar does significantly outperform the Touch Bar model despite Apple's claims that the two have the same battery life, which is in line with the findings in our reviews. Original story: In late December, review publication Consumer Reports made headlines by failing to provide a "Recommended" rating to Apple's latest MacBook Pros. It was the first time any of Apple's MacBooks had failed to earn the rating. In the publication's testing, the laptops' battery life varied wildly, sometimes lasting as long as 19.5 hours and sometimes as little as 3.75 hours. The publication didn't have these problems with older MacBook Pros or with any of the 140 other laptops it has rated. After working with Apple over the holidays, Consumer Reports now says that the problem was caused by an "obscure" Safari bug specific to page caching, which the publication disables when it runs its battery tests. To test battery life, Consumer Reports sets laptop screens to a specific brightness level and then loads a series of webpages in the laptop's default browser (Safari in this case) in a loop until the battery dies. Apple suggests that disabling browser caching for a test like this doesn't reflect real-world use, but it does make sense for a synthetic test—users will continually read new pages rather than visiting the same static pages over and over again, so Consumer Reports wants to make sure that its test is actually downloading data over the network rather than simply reading cached data from the disk. Apple says it has fixed the bug in the latest macOS Sierra beta that it released to testers yesterday, the third beta of version 10.12.3. The 10.12.2 update "fixed" inaccurate battery life estimates in the new Pros by disabling the battery life estimate entirely across all Mac laptops that run Sierra. Browser bug or no, Consumer Reports hasn't been the only publication to report disappointing battery life from the new MacBook Pros. We covered some of the reasons why the new laptops' battery life is more usage-dependent than in the previous model and how the GPU and the new Touch Bar could be affecting battery life. It was also reported that Apple originally planned to use a different kind of battery in the MacBook Pros, one that was contoured to the case to maximize its size a la the 12-inch MacBook. Problems reportedly found during the development process forced Apple to use a more conventional battery with less capacity. Consumer Reports says it will re-test the laptops' batteries and revisit its rating depending on what it finds. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 217 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Apple sues Qualcomm, saying chipmaker withheld $1B as “extortion” Suit claims payment was withheld after Apple talked to Korean regulators. Joe Mullin - Jan 20, 2017 10:04 pm UTC Apple's shiny logo outside its San Francisco store. Steve Rhodes reader comments 120 Share this story Apple sued Qualcomm today, alleging that the chip company charges billions in patent royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." In its complaint, Apple says that Qualcomm actually withheld $1 billion in payments it owes to Apple because Apple cooperated with the Korea Fair Trade Commission, or KFTC. Apple lawyers go on to make an extraordinary claim: that Qualcomm "attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple," but Apple refused. Further ReadingFeds sue Qualcomm for anti-competitive patent licensingApple's lawsuit seeks unspecified damages while stating it has been "overcharged billions" by Qualcomm. The lawsuit notes that law enforcement agencies around the world are investigating Qualcomm, which "has been declared a monopolist by three separate governments" in the past two years. Last month, Korean regulators slapped Qualcomm with a $850 million fine over its patent-licensing practices. The US Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm earlier this week, again over patent issues. An Apple spokesperson provided an e-mailed statement on the lawsuit, which reads in full: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm hasn't immediately responded to Apple's allegations. “Monopoly power” Qualcomm has told ETSI, a standard-setting organization for telecommunications, that it has more than 30,000 global patents that are "essential" to modern cell phones. Submitting those patents to ETSI obligates Qualcomm to license them on a "fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory" (FRAND) basis. By refusing to sell chipsets to customers who don't license their patents, Qualcomm "forced purchasers of its chipsets to take a license to its SEPs at extortion-level royalties," Apple claims. "And by foreclosing competitors from dealing with Apple, a key purchaser of chipsets, Qualcomm facilitated the marginalization and exit of many of those competitors, enhancing its own monopoly power." In Apple's view, Qualcomm has "monopoly power" in the market for both CDMA and LTE-enabled chipsets. That lets the company extract payments from Apple that are "anticompetitive" on both its products and its patent licenses. The lawsuit also states that Qualcomm "double-dips" royalty payments. Apple's contracted manufacturers buy Qualcomm chips and take a patent license, and then Apple must take a separate license. Apple claims that Qualcomm's strategy is to gouge it on royalty rates, then offer billions in royalty rebates for "exclusivity or de facto exclusivity" from Apple. "It was only with the iPhone 7, released in September, that Apple was able to use a competitor's chipsets (Intel's) as well as Qualcomm chipsets," write Apple lawyers. That choice cost Apple, which didn't get its usual exclusivity "rebate" from Qualcomm. The amount it cost Apple is redacted from the complaint. The lawsuit accuses Qualcomm of breach of contract, monopolization, and violations of California contract law. The lawsuit also mentions nine specific patents for which Apple was overcharged and says Apple didn't infringe those patents. Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 120 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Apple blamed again for another distracted driving traffic crash Suit says Apple fears losing market share with a "lock-out" feature on iPhones. David Kravets - Jan 24, 2017 7:13 pm UTC Enlarge Spencer Platt, Getty Images reader comments 235 Share this story Weeks ago, Apple was sued on accusations that its FaceTime app contributed to the highway death of a young girl in Texas. The girl's family claims that the iPhone maker should have deployed technology to prohibit motorists from using the app. Further ReadingApple’s FaceTime blamed for girl’s highway crash death in new lawsuit Now there's another lawsuit targeting Apple's decision not to deploy a lock-out mechanism. This one—from an injured Southern California motorist—concerns locking out drivers from texting. This lawsuit from accident victim Julio Ceja, who was rear-ended by a texting driver, does not seek any monetary damages. Instead, it demands that a Los Angeles Superior Court judge block Apple from selling iPhones in the Golden State until the devices are updated to include Apple's patented technology to lock drivers out of their phones while driving. "Apple has the ability to outfit its iPhones with a lock-out device that would disable the smartphone while being used by motorists. In fact, it has had this technology since 2008, and was granted a patent on it by the US Patent and Trademark Office in 2014. Yet, fearful that such a device would cause it to lose valuable market share, Apple refuses to employ the technology, choosing instead to allow the massive carnage to occur," according to the motorist's lawsuit (PDF). The patent at issue concerns a "lock-out mechanism" to prevent iPhone use by drivers; it describes a "motion analyzer" and a "scenery analyzer." However, whether this technology is reliable is questionable. Apple did not immediately respond to Ars for comment. According to the patent: The motion analyzer can detect whether the handheld computing device is in motion beyond a predetermined threshold level. The scenery analyzer can determine whether a holder of handheld computing device is located within a safe operating area of a vehicle. And the lock-out mechanism can disable one or more functions of the handheld computing device based on output of the motion analyzer, and enable the one or more functions based on output of the scenery analyzer. US highway deaths increased by more than 10 percent year-over-year during the first half of 2016, according to the latest figures available. One of the main reasons: distracted driving with mobile phones. The latest suit claims a breach of California's unfair business practices law. "Apple engaged in unfair business acts and practices when it provided advanced smartphone technology to driving consumers, without providing a lock-out device for the product when being used by engaged motorists, while knowing the extreme dangers caused (by) its product, and while having patented the technology for such a lock-out device," the lawsuit says. The suit also claims that "Apple had an improper motive—profit before consumer safety—in its failure to install lock-out devices on its iPhones." David Kravets The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper. Email david.kravets@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dmkravets reader comments 235 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Scientific Method — Inside Apple’s ResearchKit Informed consent and pre-built UIs make gathering medical data a snap. John Timmer - Apr 21, 2015 10:30 pm UTC reader comments 31 Share this story LifeMap SolutionsPerforming large-scale medical studies has never been easy. Getting people to provide informed consent, respond to surveys, or (even worse) show up for testing has often led to high rates of attrition, unreliable information, or both. So it was intriguing to hear that Apple had decided to try to help out in this area. Smartphones have a number of significant advantages: people use them already, users already accept that phones can gather information on everything from our location to our fingerprints, and it's possible to develop sophisticated software that runs on the devices. The problem has been that medical researchers' software talents tend to lie in building statistical models, not sophisticated user-facing software. ResearchKit had the potential to make a decent GUI much more manageable. But Apple hadn't even revealed what was in the framework, so it was difficult to tell how much easier it would be—or even what problems it attempted to solve. Now that it's possible to take a look, it's obvious that Apple has created a simple programming paradigm that works in a number of contexts, one that takes the need to build a GUI almost entirely out of the developer's hands. Under the hood The fundamental unit of action in ResearchKit is a task. Tasks are used for pretty much everything ResearchKit does: providing informed consent, filling out surveys, and providing interactive tests for the user. Each of these items are broken down into a series of steps, and each step is handled by a task. All tasks conform to a protocol called ORKTask, meaning that they have a standard suite of information and functions they can perform. One of those pieces of information is a property called "steps," which contains an ordered array of the individual components of the task. These steps can be as simple as asking a yes-or-no question (like "have you read and understood all of the above"), displaying a more complicated form, or even gathering data from things like voice or memory tests. Each step comes with a view controller (ORKStepViewController), which mediates the interactions between the user interface and the underlying data. The task also has a view controller, which helps manage switching between the individual steps. It also stores the data returned by the users. Further ReadingApple releases open source ResearchKit framework to developers All of these pieces are in keeping with the standard conventions of Mac/iOS programming. The difference comes when making the actual interface. Typically, the developer needs to lay out the interface in Xcode and explicitly load the interface before displaying it. ResearchKit appears to eliminate that requirement. All you have to do is configure a step object (such as ORKQuestionStep) and add it to a task; generating the interface is handled by the underlying framework based on the type of step you've configured. For example, there are a dozen different pre-configured ORKQuestionTypes, from a simple yes/no to things like multiple choice and numerical values, up through dates and free-form text entry. Alternately, you can choose from a set of pre-defined tasks that require more complicated user involvement, like doing a fitness test or spatial memory check. Working with research kit should generally be a matter of configuring a collection of steps meant to get the data you need, grouping them into tasks, and then firing them off. Obviously, there may be circumstances where the built-in features won't work and some custom interface programming will be required. Apple encourages anyone who creates one of these classes to donate it back to the community. ResearchKit and actual, uh, research To get a bit more perspective on how useful this is, we talked to Corey Bridges, the CEO of a company called LifeMap Solutions, which has partnered with some academic institutions to develop some of the initial ResearchKit apps. Bridges told Ars that "ResearchKit streamlines the entire data collection and research process and enables more comprehensive data gathering than was possible with traditional studies." The step/task paradigm would appear to work pretty well for a number of standard research practices. For example, informed consent will often involve displaying a lot of text followed by some simple questions, gathering demographic data will be a series of simple questions, etc. While there will be some specialization (the consent classes include one specialized for determining if the data gathered can be shared, for example), the idea seems to be to take the most common tasks and make them extremely simple to perform. Beyond handling questions, most of the pre-built classes are focused on providing access to things that cell phones handle well. One example is a spatial memory game, where you have to remember where specific images are located after they've been obscured. Another is tracking location during a walk; yet another records speech. There's little doubt that developers will eventually think of other ways to make clever use of cellphone hardware. But they're not the main audience for ResearchKit—it's the developers who wouldn't otherwise think of developing a cellphone app. Typically, they'd be involved in research projects that simply didn't have the budget for this kind of software, with custom UIs needed for consent, data gathering, etc. More generally, simply opening up a large fraction of the smartphone-using population has some significant implications for research. "Typically, the number of participants in a clinical study is limited by geographical constraints and the cost of consenting and enrolling subjects in person," Bridges told Ars. "With ResearchKit, data can be captured in real time from a far larger, more geographically distributed, and more diverse subject pool at much lower cost." Bridges said that in the first week of its release, an app he worked on with Mt. Sinai researchers was able to enroll and obtain informed consent from more than 4,500 participants. Probably the biggest feature that's left out of ResearchKit is the ability to communicate data back to the researchers. Apple doesn't want this data to ever see its servers, so it's up to the researchers to ensure secure transmission back to their home institutions. We asked Bridges what he felt were the most helpful aspects of the framework. He returned to the informed consent. "E-consenting is groundbreaking because it will help medical researchers overcome one of the major barriers encountered in clinical research today," he said. "E-consent will enable us to reach all corners of the globe (wherever people have iPhones and Internet connectivity) to recruit research volunteers and conduct medical research with sample sizes that are orders of magnitude greater than previously possible, for a fraction of the cost." But Bridges was more excited about the sort of data that will come out of it. One of the apps his company worked on focuses on asthma, and he saw a lot of potential for aggregating app and other data. "For example, we can identify correlations between patient’s symptoms/exacerbations, precise geographic location (via GPS), and location-specific environmental data (such as local air quality and pollution)," Bridges said. "This type of granular data allows us to identify and evaluate the impact on asthma of air quality and point sources of allergens and pollution." Listing image by LifeMap Solutions John Timmer John became Ars Technica's science editor in 2007 after spending 15 years doing biology research at places like Berkeley and Cornell. Email jtimmer@arstechnica.com // Twitter @j_timmer reader comments 31 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
BUSINESS Apple expands legal war against Qualcomm's cellular patents into China Qualcomm U-T file photo Qualcomm hasn’t seen the Chinese complaints but learned about it from a Beijing Intellectual Property Court press release. which says Apple is seeking $145 million in damages. Qualcomm hasn’t seen the Chinese complaints but learned about it from a Beijing Intellectual Property Court press release. which says Apple is seeking $145 million in damages. (U-T file photo) Mike FreemanContact Reporter Apple has taken its legal attack on Qualcomm’s patent licensing business global, filing two complaints in Chinese courts challenging the way Qualcomm gets paid for its cellular intellectual property. The move comes after Apple sued Qualcomm last week in San Diego federal court over its patent licensing, among other things. It comes on the heels of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission taking legal action on similar issues three days earlier. Qualcomm hasn’t seen the Chinese complaints but learned about them from a Beijing Intellectual Property Court press release, which says Apple is seeking $145 million in damages. Apple has yet to respond to an email seeking comment. In an earnings conference call with analysts on Wednesday, Qualcomm served up its most thorough defense to date against Apple’s claims. “Apple’s complaint contains a lot of assertions, but in the end this is a commercial dispute over the price of intellectual property,” said Qualcomm Chief Executive Steve Mollenkopf. “They want to pay less than the fair value that Qualcomm has established in the marketplace for our technology — even though Apple has generated billions in profits from using that technology.” Qualcomm has negotiated more than 250 licensing agreements over the years — including more than 100 in the past two years — that reaffirmed the value of its patents, said Mollenkopf. He added that Qualcomm’s intellectual property portfolio has expanded by thousands of patents over the past two decades, yet the company has never raised royalty rates.  According to Qualcomm, Apple has been agitating for regulators to derail the San Diego company’s patent licensing business model. Starting last week, Apple joined the legal fray itself In the China lawsuits, Apple alleges a violation of China’s anti-monopoly law and the other requests a determination of the terms of a patent license between Qualcomm and Apple over cellular standard essential patents. In early 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine and lower patent royalty rates for certain smartphones sold only in China as part of a settlement with the National Development and Reform Commission – China’s anti-monopoly regulator. But the deal kept Qualcomm’s licensing business model intact. Qualcomm offered a patent license to Apple for Chinese sales based on  terms of the NDRC settlement — which 120 Chinese devices makers have agreed to. Apple refused, claiming the San Diego company was still charging too much for key cellular patents. Qualcomm President Derek Aberle said Qualcomm cellular inventions enabled mobile services ranging from Uber to Snapchat, Instagram to WhatsApp, Spotify to Instagram, Siri to Google’s Assistant. “Apple has been among the largest beneficiaries of our efforts and investments by being able to easily enter the smartphone space with little or no investment in core technology,” said Aberle. Steven Re, president of Fairbanks Capital Management and a shareholder of both companies, said smartphone makers that have fought Qualcomm in the past over patents — such as Nokia — have seen competitors pass them by. He hopes Qualcomm continues to “take a strident stance against Apple.” “Qualcomm had a habit of working through these things and as long as their business model doesn’t change, they’ll pay some money or maybe a slightly lower royalty rate to whomever brought the most recent action,” said Re. “This time I detect more firmness on Qualcomm’s part. I think they are finally getting sufficiently disgusted with this.” Re added that Qualcomm could sue Apple for patent infringement. In the conference call with analysts, Qualcomm mentioned “patents that they obviously feel Apple is using” that are not included in licensing deals. In its lawsuits, Apple claims Qualcomm’s practice of charging royalties based on a percentage of the wholesale price of  the entire smartphone — not the chips inside it — results in Qualcomm getting paid for technologies it has nothing to do with. Aberle said Qualcomm licensing agreements have per-smartphone royalty caps — perhaps as low as a couple hundred dollars — above which royalties aren’t applied.  Apple’s average selling price for iPhones tops $600. Charging royalties based on the price of the device has been the practice in mobile and other industries for more than two decades. According to Qualcomm, it’s fair in part because low price smartphones use less of the Qualcomm’s extensive patent portfolio than more expensive devices like iPhones. Apple contends Qualcomm is withholding nearly $1 billion in royalty cap “rebates” to Apple in retaliation for Apple cooperating with South Korea’s anti-trust probe. Qualcomm says it did no such thing and doesn’t owe Apple money.  Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Apple, regulatory disputes case shadow over Qualcomm's first quarter results Apple's lawsuit against Qualcomm signals escalating war on business model Under Trump administration, FTC lawsuit against Qualcomm could disappear Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm slapped with $865 million fine from S. Korea regulator Qualcomm to pay $975 million in China probe Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Snapchat, Inc. The NFL team that might move to San Diego Border wall: San Diego's been there, done that NFL Mock Draft 2017: Three-round projections Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 47°
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK INSERT FLOPPY — After 23 years, the Apple II gets another OS update On 30th anniversary of Apple II GS, devoted developer releases ProDOS 2.4. Sean Gallagher - Sep 16, 2016 5:55 pm UTC reader comments 140 Share this story Hello, old friend The Bitsy Bye file launcher. Old school, new code. Bitsy Boot can boot the system off of ProDOS images on devices in any of seven slots. The utilities: the bare essentials for re-assembling your library of greatest Apple II hits. Apple Basic. Fun. Yesterday, software developer John Brooks released what is clearly a work of pure love: the first update to an operating system for the Apple II computer family since 1993. ProDOS 2.4, released on the 30th anniversary of the introduction of the Apple II GS, brings the enhanced operating system to even older Apple II systems, including the original Apple ][ and ][+. Which is pretty remarkable, considering the Apple ][ and ][+ don't even support lower-case characters. You can test-drive ProDOS 2.4 in a Web-based emulator set up by computer historian Jason Scott on the Internet Archive. The release includes Bitsy Bye, a menu-driven program launcher that allows for navigation through files on multiple floppy (or hacked USB) drives. Bitsy Bye is an example of highly efficient code: it runs in less than 1 kilobyte of RAM. There's also a boot utility that is under 400 bytes—taking up a single block of storage on a disk. Ars is looking forward to booting up the physical Apple ][+ in our computer museum with the latest update, as soon as we straighten out the serial card and can write the disk image to floppy. But for now, we're giving ProDOS 2.4 a spin on Virtual ][, an Apple II emulator, using our (licensed) Apple ][+ ROM image. In addition to the Bitsy Boot boot utility, the ProDOS 2.4 "floppy" includes a collection of utilities, including a MiniBas tiny BASIC interpreter, disk imaging programs to move files from physical floppies to USB and other disk storage, file utilities, and the "Unshrink" expander for uncompressing files archived with Shrinkit (helpful for using Apple II archives scattered about the Internet). All of this fits onto a single 140k 5.25-inch disk image. Sean Gallagher Sean is Ars Technica's IT Editor. A former Navy officer, systems administrator, and network systems integrator with 20 years of IT journalism experience, he lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland. Email sean.gallagher@arstechnica.com // Twitter @thepacketrat reader comments 140 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Appy now? — Google responds in EU antitrust case: “Android hasn’t hurt competition” Search giant faces $7.4 billion fine if found to have blocked competitors in the market. Jennifer Baker (UK) - Nov 10, 2016 2:41 pm UTC Illustration by Aurich Lawson reader comments 89 Share this story Google—as expected—has dismissed the European Commission's charge that the ad giant abused Android’s dominance to block its competitors in the market. Further ReadingWhy Google’s monopoly abuse case in Europe will run and run The company is accused of using Android’s position as the dominant smartphone operating system in Europe to force manufacturers to pre-install Google services while locking out competitors. Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager sent a so-called Statement of Objections to Google in April. On Thursday, the multinational corporation defended its position and spoke of the open source nature of the Android operating system. It also compared a typical Android smartphone to rivals Apple and Microsoft. According to Google, 39 out of 39 pre-installed apps are from Apple on iPhone 7, and 39 out of 47 pre-installed apps on the Microsoft Lumia 550 are from Microsoft. In a blog post on Thursday, Google general counsel Kent Walker said: "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators. Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it." The 100-plus page response to the commission focuses on metrics in an attempt to add weight to the claim that it hasn't abused any competitive advantage. Walker said: The commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS. We don’t see it that way. In fact, 89 percent of respondents to the commission’s own market survey confirmed that Android and Apple compete. To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape. Walker claimed that possible remedies to resolve the case could create fragmentation in the mobile ecosystem. "The commission’s preliminary findings underestimate the importance of developers," he said. Walker continued: The commission argues that we shouldn’t offer some Google apps as part of a suite. No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone. But we do offer manufacturers a suite of apps so that when you buy a new phone, you can access a familiar set of basic services. Android’s competitors, including Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Windows phone, not only do the same, but they allow much less choice. Vestager can fine the search behemoth up to 10 percent of its global turnover—around $7.4 billion (£5.9 billion)—if she finds Google guilty of wrongdoing. Google is currently appealing against a similar case in Russia after authorities fined the company approximately 438 million rubles  ($6.8 million, £5.25 million) in an almost identical Android antitrust case earlier this year. Yandex, Russia's biggest search engine and the main complainant in that case, is also one of four complainants in the EU case. Google rivals Microsoft, Nokia, and Oracle—under the Fairsearch umbrella organisation—lodged the first complaint against Android in 2013. Fairsearch said in a statement to Ars: Google says there's no problem because Android is 'open.' The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Any manufacturer or network operator seeking to differentiate its devices or services is prevented from doing so by the web of Google's contractual restrictions. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity. For example, a phone maker that offers even a few phones that do not comply with Google's straitjacket faces a cut-off from all of Google’s branded products. US ad-blocking firm Disconnect and Aptoide, a rival Portuguese Android app store, have also complained. None had responded to requests for comment from Ars at time of publication. Google separately faces antitrust charges on favouring its own search services and price comparison offerings over those of its rivals and for allegedly breaching competition rules with its mammoth ad business. Last week, Google rebuffed both of those charges. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Jennifer Baker Jennifer Baker has been a journalist for nearly 20 years, the last eight specialising in EU tech policy and legislation. She likes good books, bad films, and is slightly obsessed with data protection law. Email jennifer.baker@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @Brusselsgeek reader comments 89 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — APFS is coming soon: iOS 10.3 will automatically upgrade your filesystem Previously, APFS was only available as a beta in macOS Sierra. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 24, 2017 8:13 pm UTC reader comments 142 Share this story Further ReadingZFS: The other new Apple file system that almost was—until it wasn’t After many years and at least one false start, Apple announced at WWDC last year that it would begin shipping a new, modern file system in 2017. Dubbed APFS (for Apple File System), it is designed to improve support for solid-state storage and encryption and to safeguard data integrity. When released, it will finally replace the nearly two-decade-old HFS+ filesystem that Apple has been tacking new features onto since 1998. An early version of APFS was included in macOS Sierra as a beta for developers to experiment with, but it was intentionally limited in some important ways; it couldn't be used as a boot drive, it didn't support Fusion Drives, and you can't back up APFS volumes with Time Machine. We weren't expecting to hear more about a final APFS rollout until this year's WWDC, but it looks like Apple is getting ready to start the party already: according to the beta release notes for iOS 10.3, devices that are upgraded will automatically have their HFS+ file systems converted to APFS. From the release notes: When you update to iOS 10.3, your iOS device will update its file system to Apple File System (APFS). This conversion preserves existing data on your device. However, as with any software update, it is recommended that you create a backup of your device before updating. Apple's stated end goal is to perform an in-place file system conversion for all its currently supported devices, including all Macs, iPhones, iPads, iPods, Apple TVs, and Apple Watches. iOS 10.3 will provide some early information on how reliable that conversion will be. It's an approach that makes sense; there are way more iDevices than Macs out there, which would increase the number of affected users if anything goes wrong. But iOS doesn't give users direct control of the file system or of their devices' partition maps, so it's a reasonably safe, controlled environment. Macs can have a wider variety of partition and file system setups, increasing the likelihood that some edge case will throw things off. There's no suggestion in the macOS 10.12.4 release notes that any drives will be converted to APFS, and we may need to wait for the next major release of the operating system before that starts happening. We've asked Apple if it has any more information to share about the timing of the APFS rollout, and we'll update this article if we receive a response. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 142 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology iPhone Technology iPhone 8 rumour: Apple planning to ditch iconic Home button and Touch ID fingerprint sensor The Home button has been a feature of the iPhone ever since Steve Jobs unveiled the first handset in 2007  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 19:12, 25 JAN 2017 Updated11:20, 26 JAN 2017 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextBlue Origin rocket's vertical takeoff and landing Watch this video again Watch Next Man meets machine at the Cyborg Olympics in Zurich2:30 Inventor's 'Scarlet Johansson' robot is terrifyin1:50 Virtual reality slaughter house tour could put yo0:45 Holographic communication is HERE thanks to Micro4:46 This new Airbus designed using social media sugge3:27 What is the BBC's Micro:Bit computer? (And what c1:40 Man United v Wigan: FA Cup fourth round preview1:12 Thomas Buffel shares moving videos of his wife an0:49 A look back at Sir John Hurt's most memorable rol1:34 Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag become EIGHTH evic Trump signs executive order for tighter vetting0:46 Video will play in Is this a tantalizing glimpse of the new iPhone? Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple is planning to do away with one of the iPhone's most iconic features, according to multiple reports. The Home button at the bottom of the screen has been a feature of the iPhone ever since Steve Jobs unveiled the first handset in 2007. Now KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a track record of leaking accurate information on Apple products, has predicted that the iPhone 8 will ship without one. In a research report, Kuo said that the biometric fingerprint sensor would also be relocated under the screen, so the front panel will appear as a single unbroken pane of glass. iPhone concept with touch-sensitive digital button (Photo: Yasser Farahi) This new placement will "complement its full-screen (zero bezel) form factor design and to enhance transactions security," he wrote in a report. Kuo predicts that Apple could also introduce a new facial recognition system, which would work in tandem with the fingerprint sensor for authentication. Read More Will the iPhone 8 have an edge-to-edge display? Apple patent hints at borderless screen Rumours have been swirling for some time that Apple is planning to get rid of the traditional physical Home button and replace it with a touch-sensitive digital button. Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen (Photo: Marek Weidlich) A Chinese website called Storm previously reported that the virtual home button will have the same haptic feedback motors used in the iPhone 7 to create the illusion of a Home button, even if it's really just a flat capacitive surface. Designers around the world have been speculating about what Apple has planned, and one artist, Marek Weidlich , has created an intriguing concept video (see above). Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen - leaving no home button or any visible bezel. Amazing 'liquidmetal' iPhone 7 concept shows what Apple's next-generation smartphone could look like (Photo: Herman Haidin) Another concept by industrial designer Herman Haidin envisions an iPhone made from a material known as "liquidmetal", which is tougher and more water-resistant than typical aluminium. Read More iPhone 8 could ship without a single port or socket as Apple sets its sights on wireless charging In the concept, Haidin envisions the new iPhone as a mere 3mm thick with a body formed of glass and liquidmetal. In order to get to this level of thinness, the concept ditches bulky ports such as the Lightning charging port and the 3.5mm headphone jack, as well as the physical Home button. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Steve Jobs iPad iPhone Smartphones Technology all Most Read Most Recent HeadphonesForget the AirPods, Motorola answers Apple with new VerveOne wireless headphones The totally wireless new plugs are touted to have an 8-hour battery life and will work with iOS and Android gadgets CopyrightKodi warning issued for people who are using the boxes to stream shows illegally The emergence of Kodi or certainly those who use it illegally is now seemingly the top priority for rightsholders iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Eastman Kodak CompanyKodak u-turn as it announces it WILL bring back old-fashioned film almost five years after axing it for good Ektachrome - dubbed the gold standard by photographers - will return to shelves this year Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8 release date and final design revealed with latest leaked pictures The upcoming flagship smartphone from Samsung sports a radically different design from last year's Samsung Galaxy S7 Eastman Kodak CompanyKodak u-turn as it announces it WILL bring back old-fashioned film almost five years after axing it for good Ektachrome - dubbed the gold standard by photographers - will return to shelves this year HeadphonesForget the AirPods, Motorola answers Apple with new VerveOne wireless headphones The totally wireless new plugs are touted to have an 8-hour battery life and will work with iOS and Android gadgets Buzz AldrinBuzz Aldrin gives touching tribute on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 fire "We didn't only lose fellow astronauts. We lost friends" Amazon AlexaSomeone has made a terrifying robotic face for their Amazon Alexa voice controlled speaker The scary-looking robot lets you put a face to a name - but we're not sure we're on board FacebookFacebook is making ANOTHER change to your news feed - and it involves playing videos The social network will now rank videos based on a new metric called 'percent completion' Most Read Most Recent John HurtJohn Hurt dead: Tributes paid to star of Elephant Man, Alien and Harry Potter who dies aged 77 The actor, whose career spanned over six decades, had battled with both cancer and an intestinal complaint in recent years. Coronation StreetCorrie fans surprised to see a VERY familiar soap face as new waitress starts in the Bistro Flirty Nancy had viewers scratching their heads over where they'd seen her before Melania TrumpIs this why Melania's face dropped at Donald Trump's inauguration? Viewers think they've spotted cause What did Trump say to his wife in the 'Save Melania' meme? It appears nothing - but some think they've worked out why she looks so sad January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea latest from the January window Stick with us as we bring you all the latest news, rumours, gossip and done deals from the January sales Ronan KeatingSmirking child rapist stands arm-in-arm with Ronan Keating and wife Storm after worming his way into charity gala Organisers at the Boyzone star's charity had no idea about John Costello's sordid history of abusing young girls UFCFrancis Ngannou bids to continue journey towards UFC heavyweight title and bring belt back to Paris Ngannou faces former champion Andrei Arlovski in Denver Manchester United FCJose Mourinho confirms Luke Shaw and Anthony Martial will start Manchester United's FA Cup clash with Wigan Shaw hasn't played for two months but is set to return at Old Trafford while Martial hasn't been in the squad for United's last two matches Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Reds to miss out on Inter wonderkid Andrea Pinamonti? PLUS: Philippe Coutinho wants to become an Anfield legend after penning a new deal and Jurgen Klopp has responded to criticisms of his training John HurtJohn Hurt's secret heartbreak before finding love again: Actor saw French model fiancée killed in horse riding accident It was the screen legend's longest relationship - and Marie-Lise Volpeliere-Pierrot's sudden death was to devastate him FA CupWhen is the FA Cup fifth round draw? TV channel and ball numbers revealed ahead of next stage of competition The big boys are still in the hat but some must see off their lower league opponents in round four to secure their places in the last 16 of the competition Top Stories 9/11 attacksHeroic 9/11 Irish firefighter becomes 124th officer to die from breathing in toxic air at Twin Towers Brian J Masterson worked tirelessly at the scene of the terrorist attack in New York on the day the planes struck the World Trade Center in 2001 - and for months afterwards CancerI've got six months to find a new mum for my disabled daughter before I die: Mission of single mum with terminal cancer Single mum Vicky Pickard was determined to use what time she had left to seek out a new mum for disabled daughter Jessica CrimeBrazen conman managed to spend SIX MONTHS living £700-a-day high-life at top hotels before he was caught David Johnstone, 47, used a cancelled credit card to book the Presidential Suite at Park Regis hotel in Birmingham Donald TrumpTrump bans ALL refugees from entering the US for four months and Syrian refugees indefinitely - on Holocaust Memorial Day Campaigners were left angry and distraught as details of the President's ban emerged without warning - causing chaos for many families Take Me OutTake Me Out contestant resigns as Tory councillor 'after sending snap of his penis to teenager' Ian Lobb was said to have left the young woman traumatised after he allegedly sent an explicit photo in a text message WeatherPrepare for 'barrage of storms' in February as freeze gives way to dramatic wind and rain Cold conditions will finally lift but much more unsettled weather will swing in from the Atlantic CarsDrivers of 'polluting' diesel cars to be hit with 50 per cent parking surcharge Westminster City Council says the pilot scheme will improve air quality for locals and visitors SchoolsTeacher awarded £347,000 after she was forced to quit and live on benefits in a caravan Nicola Sinclair forced to resign from Bishop of Llandaff Church in Wales High School after being 'victimised and bullied'  after she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder DrugsThree teenage pupils at posh £37,350-a-year Harrow School collapse 'after taking ecstasy tablets' The boys are thought to have bought the Class A drugs in the town centre before returning to their boarding house Celebrity NewsCelebrity deaths in 2017: Famous faces gone too soon from John Hurt to Gorden Kaye We remember the famous faces who have sadly died this year and look back at their lives, careers and the lasting memories they have left behind Manchester United transfer newsManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils target Paulo Dybala to pen new Juventus deal? PLUS: Wayne Rooney is contemplating what the future holds and Anthony Martial is set to be given the nod in the FA Cup against Wigan John Hurt"We're all just passing time and occupy our chair very briefly": John Hurt's moving interview about his battle with cancer The Bafta-winning actor spoke about being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in June and said that he wasn't afraid of death News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path GalaxyS8 NintendoSwitch Trump Tesla RokuTips Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Can Microsoft Reinvent the PC? Can Microsoft Reinvent the PC? By Matthew Buzzi January 25, 2017 10 Comments Phones and tablets have left traditional PCs and desktops searching for an identity as their roles diminish. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY The growth in computing power and battery life for phones and tablets has left traditional PCs and desktops searching for an identity. This has forced manufacturers to reexamine the form, functionality, and purpose of PCs overall and desktops in particular. If a tablet can do what once required the power of larger systems, do desktops even have a place in the market? PC sales continue to decline, so perhaps a natural conclusion is to write off the whole category. Instead, manufacturers are capitalizing on the size and power of specialized desktops, with machines that tackle specific tasks and audiences and give traditional systems a reason to stick around. They may not reach the sales numbers seen during the golden age of PCs, but the business is there. One roadblock for Windows machines is that Apple long ago claimed skilled creators—photographers, graphic designers, artists, engineers, and animators—who need big-screened, lightning-fast systems for artistic and data-crunching work. The first Intel-based iMac in 2006 in particular cornered the market on professional and home-office use. Microsoft and its partners have only just started to respond. Windows systems have long been seen as stodgy and business-facing, but Microsoft's Surface line and other increasingly slim and sleek Windows systems have helped to reverse that in recent years. But despite the addition of some pretty impressive all-in-ones, non-Apple desktops are still waiting for their savior. Innovative Apple? Apple could be accused of stagnation under Tim Cook, and while I'm not so quick to blame the man himself, you can make a case that we've mostly seen iterative upgrades through his reign. As such, Cupertino's control of the personal computer space is waning. The MacBook Pro line is notoriously slow to update, and for the most part, the once-revolutionary iMac has merely decreased thickness and increased screen resolution for several generations. Apple has drawn a clear line between its touch-based mobile operating system, iOS, and its computer OS, macOS, with no plans to combine the two. They might work together, share a payment system, and take advantage of top-notch integrated software, but the company clearly sees them as two separate platforms. The new MacBook Pro's Touch Bar is a step in that direction, but if anything, it feels like an effort to relegate touch functionality to a corner of the experience. By contrast, those sleek Windows all-in-ones often incorporate touch control while adding little to their capabilities. Microsoft Surface Studio Enter the Surface Studio. Its use of touch technology will—for now, at least—most set the Studio apart from the iMac. This stunning 28-inch desktop does not simply include a touch screen but embraces it as a core part of its design. Not only does it look gorgeous, with an all-aluminum body and the world's thinnest display (inspiration was undeniably drawn from the iMac itself), but it goes right for the jugular in terms of audience. I was in attendance when Microsoft Corporate VP of Devices Panos Panay debuted the system. He especially wowed the crowd with the Studio's flexible hinge, which allows you to fold it down nearly flat to serve as a natural drawing surface. In this way, the touch screen calls out to designers and artists, offering something cool and genuinely useful. As such, it serves as your large high-res monitor, powerful processor, and digital canvas all in one, which has advantages. For one, you don't have to buy multiple devices to do the same job, and you may in fact end up saving money despite the Surface Studio's high $2,999 starting price. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY Regardless, the Surface Studio is a remarkable achievement in engineering and could very well be the innovation needed to revitalize the market. Apple's comparative lack of imagination is surprising (and disheartening for longtime users, to be sure), and it might just lose the company a large chunk of the creative market. Microsoft also made a very savvy marketing decision by featuring kids and young teens in its initial presentation. PCMag's Sascha Segan has written about this in greater detail, but children were shown a lot in the Windows 10 Creators Update portion of the show. Microsoft is not only aiming its premium desktop and entire operating system at creatives, but the company is also including tools and software meant for children. They'll feel welcomed by Windows from an early age and won't associate digital creation only with Apple. It's a very smart strategy and key in linking the present to the future. Will 2-in-1s Save PCs? It remains to be seen whether the Studio will truly spark a sales turnaround and light a fire for the PC market. This isn't entirely wishful thinking, though: The Surface Pro line had a measurable impact on the PC space. Two-in-ones have consistently shown the best growth in PC sales even as overall numbers have declined, and that's largely due to the appeal and success of Microsoft's device. Other manufacturers have followed suit with sleek convertibles and detachables of their own. Products such as the Lenovo Yoga 900S, Acer Aspire Switch 11 V, and HP Spectre x360 15t occupy different parts of the 2-in-1 spectrum in terms of price and functionality, but they aim for the appealing combination of portability, touch, and power. And Microsoft stands to benefit either way as more users embrace its software platform. Additionally, Dell unveiled the Studio-like Canvas at CES in January. It has some key differences from the Studio (primarily that it's not a PC in and of itself but rather a huge horizontal touch-and-drawing display that connects to a computer), but they aim to achieve the same goal for creatives on Windows. The Canvas was in development alongside the Studio, so it's not a direct reaction to it; and both Microsoft and Dell stand to benefit if this concept takes off. With the right execution, the Surface Studio may succeed as the Surface Pro did before it. And its descendants will be adopted by a whole new generation of artists, graphic designers, modelers, animators, architects, and game designers. We're looking forward to seeing how it shakes out. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY Back to top Previous : Why PC Buyers Need to Consider 2-in-1s By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Falcon Northwest Tiki (2017) The 2017 Falcon Northwest Tiki is a cutting-edge gaming desktop nearly unmatched in power given its ... More » Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 The Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 is a high-end gaming keyboard that boasts plenty of color and functio... More » Intel Core i7-7700K Intel's Kaby Lake–based Core i7-7700K is the fastest mainline consumer processor available, and it c... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success The Lost World of Early Nintendo Consoles Why Trump Has the Tech World Nervous Everything Leaving Netflix in February Can Online Games Keep the Modern World From Falling Apart? 5 Sci-Fi Movies Set in 2017: What They Got Wrong and Eerily Right »See More //Related Reviews Acer Chromebook 14 Lenovo Yoga 910 Razer Blade Pro (2016) New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — The Tor browser for iOS is free to use Onion Browser developer Mike Tigas tells Ars he gave up $25,000 in sales a year. J.M. Porup (UK) - Jan 9, 2017 1:42 pm UTC Enlarge Techno Fishy reader comments 40 Share this story When Mike Tigas first created the Onion Browser app for iOS in 2012, he never expected it to become popular. He was working as a newsroom Web developer at The Spokesman-Review in Spokane, Washington, at the time, and wanted a Tor browser app for himself and his colleagues. Expecting little interest, he then put Onion Browser on the Apple App Store at just $0.99/£0.69, the lowest non-zero price that Apple allows. Fast forward to 2016, and Tigas found himself living in New York City, working as a developer and investigative journalist at ProPublica, while earning upwards of $2,000 a month from the app—and worrying that charging for it was keeping anonymous browsing out of the hands of people who needed it. Further ReadingDonald Trump elected US president: What it means for tech and scienceSo a few weeks ago, he made the app free. Since then, its popularity has exploded, with thousands of downloads recorded every day. The results of the recent US presidential election might have had something to do with this decision, and its impressive results, Tigas told Ars. "Given recent events, many believe it's more important than ever to exercise and support freedom of speech, privacy rights, and digital security," he wrote in a blog post. "I think now is as good a time as ever to make Onion Browser more accessible to everyone." Global concerns also influenced his decision. "Iran is not technically a country where you can get an iPhone, but on the grey market you can," he told Ars. "People over there can't get apps you have to pay for, because you have to have a credit card that Apple actually accepts," he added, noting that economic sanctions forbid Apple from selling to Iranian iOS users. Onion Browser is the leading, community-supported Tor Web browser for iOS, but it lacks some of the features available for Tor Browser (Linux, MacOS, Windows) and OrFox (Android), due to technical roadblocks peculiar to iOS. (The Tor Project has so far declined to officially endorse an app for iOS.) Onion Browser for iOS. In order to gain control over the browser's network settings, and route web traffic over Tor, Tigas has to use the older WebKit API (UIWebView) instead of the newer version (WKWebView). The newer version uses the device's system settings for network and proxy settings and cannot be modified by an app. Onion Browser settings The two biggest challenges Tor developers on iOS face, as Tigas outlined in this blog post on the Tor Project website, are Apple's requirement that all browsers use the iOS WebKit rendering engine, and the inability to run Tor as a system-wide service or daemon on iOS. Developers have found workarounds to both problems, and iOS users can soon expect to see a new, improved Onion Browser, as well as a Tor VPN that routes all device traffic over Tor—probably in the first quarter of 2017. Not quite as secure Unlike the Tor or OrFox, Onion Browser is not based on the Firefox Gecko rendering engine. This is good—Onion Browser is not vulnerable to Firefox exploits—but also bad, because code cannot be reused. A further challenge, Tigas said, is that Apple’s WebKit APIs "don’t allow a lot of control over the rendering and execution of Web pages, making a Tor Browser-style security slider very difficult to implement." Many of iOS's multimedia features don't use the browser's network stack, making it difficult to ensure the native video player does not leak traffic outside of Tor. "Onion Browser tries to provide some functionality to block JavaScript and multimedia, but these features aren’t yet as robust as on other platforms," Tigas wrote. Moreover, it doesn't support tabbed browsing, and the UX is pretty basic, but Tigas is working on a rewrite based on Endless. "It adds a lot of important features over the existing Onion Browser,” he said, “like a nicer user-interface with tabbed browsing, HTTPS Everywhere, and HSTS Preloading. There’s a new version of Onion Browser in the works that’s based on Endless that will hopefully enter beta testing this month." Page: 1 2 Next → reader comments 40 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — Newly discovered Mac malware found in the wild also works well on Linux Apple issues MacOS update that automatically protects infected machines. Dan Goodin - Jan 18, 2017 7:18 pm UTC reader comments 71 Share this story A newly discovered family of Mac malware has been conducting detailed surveillance on targeted networks, possibly for more than two years, a researcher reported Wednesday. The malware, which a recent Mac OS update released by Apple is detecting as Fruitfly, contains code that captures screenshots and webcam images, collects information about each device connected to the same network as the infected Mac, and can then connect to those devices, according to a blog post published by anti-malware provider Malwarebytes. It was discovered only this month, despite being painfully easy to detect and despite indications that it may have been circulating since the release of the Yosemite release of OS X in October 2014. It's still unclear how machines get infected. "The first Mac malware of 2017 was brought to my attention by an IT admin, who spotted some strange outgoing network traffic from a particular Mac," Thomas Reed, director of Mac offerings at Malwarebytes, wrote in the post. "This led to the discovery of a piece of malware unlike anything I've seen before, which appears to have actually been in existence, undetected for some time, and which seems to be targeting biomedical research centers." Ancient artifacts The malware contains coding functions that were in vogue prior to the first release of OS X in 2001. Open source code known as libjpeg, which the malware uses to open or create JPG-formatted image files, was last updated in 1998. It's possible Fruitfly wasn't developed until much later and simply incorporated those antiquated components. Still other evidence—including a comment in the code referring to a change made in Yosemite and a launch agent file with a creation date of January 2015—suggests the malware has been in the wild for at least two years. Enlarge "The only reason I can think of that this malware hasn’t been spotted before now is that it is being used in very tightly targeted attacks, limiting its exposure," Reed wrote. "There have been a number of stories over the past few years about Chinese and Russian hackers targeting and stealing US and European scientific research. Although there is no evidence at this point linking this malware to a specific group, the fact that it’s been seen specifically at biomedical research institutions certainly seems like it could be the result of exactly that kind of espionage." Another intriguing finding: with the exception of Mac-formatted Mach object file binary, the entire Fruitfly malware library runs just fine on Linux computers. Reed said Malwarebytes has yet to spot a Linux variant, but he said he wouldn't be surprised if one existed. He said he has also come across Windows-based malware that connected to the same control server used by the Mac malware. Despite its functionality, Fruitfly remains unsophisticated compared to some malware. Its control servers are simply the IP address 99.153.29.240 and the dynamic DNS address eidk.hopto.org. Its method for keeping Macs infected even after they're rebooted—a hidden file and a launch agent—is also outdated because it's so easy to detect and remove. People who work with Macs inside research labs should consider checking their machines for infections. Besides the update automatically pushed by Apple, Malwarebytes also detects the infection, although it's known as OSX.Backdoor.Quimitchip. Dan Goodin Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications. Email dan.goodin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dangoodin001 reader comments 71 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers MacOS Sierra 10.12.4 Beta Update Brings iOS’ Night Shift Mode to Mac, MacBook By Gurmeet Singh Pandher on January 26 2017 04:08 AM PHOTOGRAPH: YouTube | Mac Night Shift Mode feature Share Tweet Share Share Email One of the beloved iOS features is finally arriving for Mac users. Apple is seeding MacOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta update for developers and it brings the Night Shift Mode for Macs and Macbooks. The feature can be toggled on or off from within the System Preferences app. First introduced in iOS 9.3, the Night Shift Mode automatically adjusts the color temperature of the display depending on the time of day. The idea is transitioning from a blue light glare to a softer yellow display, that helps you sleep better. Scientific studies have shown that shorter blue wavelength can upset the body’s circadian rhythm and disturb the sleep cycles. In order to use the Night Shift on Mac, you access System Preferences and go to Displays. The Night Shift is on the third tab, and features the same options as on the iOS. Users can either set a custom schedule or use automatic timings based on the sunset and sunrise. However, the feature is available only on the developer beta and not the public beta, which can be found at the Apple Developer Center. A public beta release for the same can be expected soon. Still, it will be a little while until the update rolls out publicly. Pexels.com More MacOS 10.12.4 features In addition, the MacOS Sierra 10.12.4 brings cricket score, schedules and stats support for Siri. Users can now ask Siri for details on the Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council. Siri will tell users information including stats on individual players, when their favourite team will be playing next, schedule for the series and more. Apple has also added this feature to Siri on iOS 10.3 beta update as well. The Sierra 10.12.4 update also includes Shanghainese dictation support for converting text to speech. Other than that, bug fixes can be as well expected with the update. Apple, however, has not confirmed when the final public build for MacOS 10.12.4 will roll out. For more information on the same, stay tuned. New features in macOS 10.12.4: Night Shift now available on the Mac. Dictation support for Shanghainese. Ask Siri about cricket scores, schedules and player rosters. Siri knows about statistics and data from the Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council. Updated PDFKit APIs for better displaying of PDFs in apps that use the framework. Also Read: Apple iMac 2017 Might Not Come until Second Half of 2017 Related Items:macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Update, Night Shift Mode in MacBooks, Night Shift Mode MacOS Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Gurmeet Singh Pandher A movie buff and tech enthusiast, Gurmeet loves reading everything from politics and science to sci-fi, fantasy, thriller novels. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Game of Thrones games Pokemon Go Update NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK shutter bugs — Mini-shootout: $900 smartphone vs. $3,000 DSLR, round three It’s still not a match at the extremes, but it’s definitely “good enough.” Lee Hutchinson - Dec 28, 2016 2:00 pm UTC Enlarge / Detail shot of the CONTROL console, which watched over the hardware portions of the Apollo Lunar Module's guidance systems. Jay Lee reader comments 278 Share this story The smartphone-vs-DSLR shootout has become something of a tradition here at the Ars Orbiting HQ. We did one in 2014 and another in 2015, relying on my own (small) skills as a photographer to stage and shoot a bunch of different images using both the latest model iPhone and my Canon 5D Mark III DSLR. For the past two years, we’ve had essentially the same two takeaways: first, that smartphones take pretty solid pictures when the lighting is good; second, I am a crap photographer and we need to hire someone who knows how to compose a scene if we’re going to keep doing these. Further ReadingShootout: How does a high-end smartphone camera compare to a $3,400 DSLR? Well, good news, everyone: this time around, for this shootout, we got together with Houston-area pro photographer Jay Lee. This partnership has resulted in some excellent images without any of the casual mistakes my shots exhibited in past comparisons. (If Jay’s name sounds familiar, it’s because he gained some Internet fame a few years ago when Slashdot featured his efforts to fight a paranoid conspiracy theorist illegally using his photos.) We also tried hard to find interesting environments to shoot and wound up at some neat places—inside NASA’s Apollo mission control center, deep underground in a forgotten cistern, and behind the scenes at a local network TV station control room. The idea was to gather shots in several distinct environments: very low light, normal low indoor light, and bright outdoor sun. We also constructed a few shots specifically to show off the iPhone 7 Plus’ dual-camera “zoom” feature, along with its software-based background blur bokeh function. A note on goals The idea, as with past tests, was to shoot the same scenes with both a smartphone and a DSLR and then compare the quality of the output. As with all past tests, the DSLRs tend to come out on top—but the thing we’re really looking at is how close the smartphone comes to equaling the DSLR. And, as with past tests, there are a number of areas where the smartphone looks pretty damn good. Further ReadingShootout redux: Smartphone camera vs tricked-out DSLR, one year later Nobody—except possibly Apple’s marketing department—claims that smartphones are better than DSLRs. However, phones long ago left “good enough” territory; images produced by a modern smartphone like the iPhone 7 Plus or Google Pixel can be flat-out excellent when the images are constructed to play to the smartphones’ strengths. Conversely, throwing money at a DSLR and lenses and speedlights won’t automatically mean you produce amazing images—the picture-taker’s ability to compose the shot is still overwhelmingly important. The gear For this roundup, we went with Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus as our representative smartphone and a pair of Sony Alpha bodies (an A7S and an A99V) for our DSLR exemplars. “But Lee,” you ask, “why an iPhone 7 Plus instead of a Google Pixel phone? The Pixel has the best smartphone camera on the planet!” Great question! The iPhone 7 Plus was our first pick for this particular piece because of two things. First, its fancy double-camera arrangement, which includes both a “standard” lens and sensor and a second “telephoto” lens and sensor. The “telephoto” lens and sensor give the phone an advantage over other smartphones when shooting zoomed images, since most other smartphones use digital zoom instead of optical. Enlarge / The iPhone 7 Plus' dual camera arrangement. Apple Second, because it does something interesting with its two cameras in an attempt to mimic DSLR results. Both images can be combined in software to produce a portrait-style image—a sharp foreground and a pleasingly blurred background. This kind of image is easy to produce on a standalone interchangeable lens-type camera, where you can compose a shot with a shallow depth of field, but considerably more difficult to do with a smartphone. Apple’s solution uses software to fake the blur, and we wanted to see exactly how well it works (spoiler: it’s alright but noticeably less good than the real thing). Still, the Pixel's camera looks intriguing, and now that the Pixel is widely available—which it wasn't when we took these shots a few months back—we will include it in our next roundup, coming in the first half of 2017. For each of the shoots below, we tried to match the composition as closely as we could between the iPhone and the DSLR. I had Jay shoot in RAW on all devices and asked him to post-process all the images—iPhone and DSLR both—as he would if he were going to use the photos professionally. The gallery thumbnails below have been further resized and scaled for Web display, but the original full-size images are available if you click through each image. (For reference, Jay used DxO OpticsPro for post-processing—I am also a fan of DxO and have been using it instead of Lightroom for about a year now.) Scenario 1: Very low light Our first shoot took us to Houston’s Buffalo Bayou Park Cistern, an abandoned underground drinking water reservoir near downtown Houston that has been renovated and repurposed as a quiet tourist destination. Visitors enter the cistern through a newly constructed public entrance that meanders a bit to give eyes a chance to adjust from sunlight to dimness; the path opens onto a narrow, inclined ledge that rings the chamber. The cistern is fully enclosed and dark, with light coming from red exit signs and dim orange overhead bulbs. The ledge that circles the space has been reinforced and made safe for the public, but it’s still a fascinatingly creepy vault. Concrete columns rise through the center of the space that was once filled with water; sounds echo for almost thirty seconds. A few people murmuring produces an oddly unsettling aural effect, as if a vast multitude was conversing just behind the rough concrete walls. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 second at f/2.8, ISO 1600. The dimness of the cistern proved difficult for the iPhone to deal with, and we had some trouble setting up a timer shot with the RAW app we were using. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4 second at f/1.8, ISO 1250. Forcing a longer exposure helped a bit, but the iPhone is clearly not meant for this dark of an environment. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM lens @ 30mm, 30 seconds at f/3.5, ISO 100. The A99V fared much better, since we could easily set up a long exposure shot for it to drink in all the available light. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 second at f/1.8, ISO 1600. The phone tries its best, but without a 3rd-party app to allow long exposures, this isn't the right place to use an iPhone. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM lens @ 22mm, 30 seconds at f/3.5, ISO 100. The A99V DSLR, on the other hand, is happy in low light. Jay Lee Scenario 2: Normal indoor light We could shoot indoors anywhere, but with the Johnson Space Center just a few minutes away, why not feature someplace worth seeing? JSC’s Public Affairs Office was happy to let us use the restored Apollo Mission Operations Control Room #2 (MOCR 2) on the third floor of Building 30 to take some indoor shots. This wasn’t our first time in MOCR 2—we've written extensively about Apollo Mission Control in this piece a few years ago, where Apollo flight controller Sy Liebergot gave us the skinny on exactly how Mission Control functioned and what each flight controller’s console was used for. The room was then, and remains now, almost a holy place, quiet as a church, and the carpeted raised-floor tiles bear the coffee stains of five decades of human space flight. The sage green Ford Philco consoles are vividly iconic, looking simultaneously futuristic and almost laughably antiquated. Most of the consoles at this point sport a mix of Shuttle- and Apollo-era control panels, and none are in an original flight configuration (which varied from mission to mission anyway). Still, the knobs and buttons proved as irresistible as ever; while Jay tirelessly set up and shot pictures, I chatted with our PAO representative and idly toggled switches on and off. The buttons are heavy and chunky, requiring several pounds of pressure to depress, and they all make the same metallic “CHUNK” when engaged. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/20 sec at f/1.8, ISO 200. Standing at the rear corner of MOCR2. It's dim, but not overly so; the iPhone picks up the room without problems. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 4000. Shooting at f/2.8 to trade some aperture for shutter speed, the background is a bit behind the focal plane. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. A close-up of CONTROL, one of the Lunar Module-specific stations. The tiny iPhone lens doesn't really do a depth-of-field blur, so the background remains in focus. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 50mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 5000. A similar but very different shot with the DSLR, focusing on the console at f/2.8 and letting the background blur away. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Looking at the Flight Director's console, with the red NASA Bat Phone for a splash of color. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 3200. The DSLR again lets the background blur away, bringing attention to the foreground. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Detail on one of the ABORT panels at the FIDO console. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 50mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 2500. When viewed at original size, the DSLR's full-frame sensor clearly captures more data than the iPhone's. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Peeking inside one of the consoles to see some of the guts. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 26mm, 1/100 sec at f/2.8, ISO 12800. Pushing the DSLR to ISO 12800 to grab more details. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/25 sec at f/1.8, ISO 40. Standing in the lobby of Building 30, just outside the MCC security doors. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 1600. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Standing in the front of MOCR2, looking back at the consoles. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16mm F2.8 Fisheye, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 3200. Swapping in a fisheye for a wide shot of the room on the DSLR. Jay Lee Jay also did some additional indoor comparisons at the Channel 13 studio in Houston, snapping images of the control room and main anchor desk. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/31 sec at f/1.8, ISO 32. The anchor desk at our local ABC affiliate. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 16mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 1600. Plenty of light to work with, so aside from the different framing from the lens, the pictures are pretty close. The DSLR has perhaps a bit less noise. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/8 sec at f/1.8, ISO 80. Though the control room is dim, the iPhone pulls out a solid image (though it's a bit noisy in spots). Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 4000. The DSLR copes with the dimness by pushing the ISO. Jay Lee Scenario 3: Outdoors The Buffalo Bayou park area of Houston provided excellent fodder for full-sun outdoor shots, with enough visually interesting buildings to make for some good comparisons. As with most smartphone cameras, the iPhone 7 Plus camera is at its best when it has lots of light to work with. The images produced are indistinguishable at a quick glance from the DSLR images. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/2500 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Out in the sun, the iPhone's pix are vibrant. Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. The DSLR, of course, also looks great—and benefits from being able to easily control the depth of field. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/3000 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/320 sec at f/8, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/2500 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4000 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 18mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/3400 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 22mm, 1/100 sec at f/11, ISO 100. The DSLR also benefits here with a wider field of view with this lens, presenting the building in a more traditional portrait style. Jay Lee Scenario 4: Zoom and portrait bokeh The last set of images compares the zoom and portrait mode functionality of the iPhone with that of a DSLR. The big takeaway here is that the DSLR, with its multitude of lenses and fine control over settings, provides a tremendous amount of flexibility in framing and shooting portraits. Tight manual control over the depth of field coupled with a large lens means you can choose to zoom on objects and still shoot them with a blurred or unblurred background, depending on how you set your F-stop, whereas the iPhone has to use software trickery and produces a much less pleasing blur. The images from iPhone’s zoom lens are also not super great—though they are unquestionably superior to the digital zooms of the past. iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 500. This first attempt at a portrait led to a noisy foreground. The background is appropriately blurred, but the image doesn't look that great. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/60 sec at f/1.8, ISO 200. Similar framing on a DSLR shows how it should look, with a sharp foreground and a creamy, even blur in the back. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/53 sec at f/2.8, ISO 80. In a different environment with more light, though, the iPhone steps it up. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/250 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. The DSLR's picture doesn't look that different. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/54 sec at f/2.8, ISO 80. However, this shot shows the limitations of software-based background blurring. Compare it to the DSLR frame up next. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/160 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Beautifully isolated subject and wonderful bokeh in the back. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 50. The iPhone's zoom lens works best when there's plenty of light. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM at @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 400. But the DSLR still wins on detail and subject isolation. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 100. Away from direct sunlight, the images from the iPhone's zoom lens turn noisy and washed out. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM at @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 800. The DSLR's full-frame sensor and huge lens scoop up light and detail the iPhone can't get. Jay Lee The art of good enough This year’s shootout comes to essentially the same conclusion as the last: a high-end smartphone camera can under many circumstances produce images that are as good as a DSLR’s images. But “many circumstances” doesn’t mean “all the time,” and if you’re going somewhere specifically to take pictures, you’ll still want a high-quality standalone camera. On the other hand, state-of-the-art smartphone cameras have for years now been good enough to use for basically everything, and the iPhone has the advantage of being on you all the time. The best camera, as they say, is the one you have with you, and an Internet-connected smartphone remains the easiest way for just about anyone to take a picture of a thing and then share that thing with the world. Lee Hutchinson Lee is the Senior Technology Editor at Ars and oversees gadget, automotive, IT, and culture content. He also knows stuff about enterprise storage, security, and manned space flight. Lee is based in Houston, TX. Email lee.hutchinson@arstechnica.com // Twitter @Lee_Ars reader comments 278 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK We can rebuild him — You can’t unsee Tedlexa, the Internet of Things/AI bear of your nightmares A Teddy Ruxpin + an Arduino + a Raspberry Pi + Amazon Alexa = What could go wrong? Sean Gallagher - Jan 4, 2017 12:00 pm UTC Enlarge / Alexa, how do I create something that combines AI with a creepy 1980s toy? Sean Gallagher reader comments 90 Share this story It's been 50 years since Captain Kirk first spoke commands to an unseen, all-knowing Computer on Star Trek and not quite as long since David Bowman was serenaded by HAL 9000's rendition of "A Bicycle Built for Two" in 2001: A Space Odyssey. While we've been talking to our computers and other devices for years (often in the form of expletive interjections), we're only now beginning to scratch the surface of what's possible when voice commands are connected to artificial intelligence software. Meanwhile, we've always seemingly fantasized about talking toys, from Woody and Buzz in Toy Story to that creepy AI teddy bear that tagged along with Haley Joel Osment in Steven Spielberg's A.I. (Well, maybe people aren't dreaming of that teddy bear.) And ever since the Furby craze, toymakers have been trying to make toys smarter. They've even connected them to the cloud—with predictably mixed results. Further ReadingBearDuino: Hacking Teddy Ruxpin with Arduino Naturally, I decided it was time to push things forward. I had an idea to connect a speech-driven AI and the Internet of Things to an animatronic bear—all the better to stare into the lifeless, occasionally blinking eyes of the Singularity itself with. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Tedlexa: a gutted 1998 model of the Teddy Ruxpin animatronic bear tethered to Amazon's Alexa Voice Service. Introducing Tedlexa, the personal assistant of your nightmares I was not the first, by any means, to bridge the gap between animatronic toys and voice interfaces. Brian Kane, an instructor at the Rhode Island School of Design, threw down the gauntlet with a video of Alexa connected to that other servo-animated icon, Billy the Big Mouthed Bass. This Frakenfish was all powered by an Arduino. I could not let Kane's hack go unanswered, having previously explored the uncanny valley with Bearduino—a hardware hacking project of Portland-based developer/artist Sean Hathaway. With a hardware-hacked bear and Arduino already in hand (plus a Raspberry Pi II and assorted other toys at my disposal), I set off to create the ultimate talking teddy bear. To our future robo-overlords: please, forgive me. His master's voice Amazon is one of a pack of companies vying to connect voice commands to the vast computing power of "the cloud" and the ever-growing Internet of (Consumer) Things. Microsoft, Apple, Google, and many other contenders have sought to connect voice interfaces in their devices to an exponentially expanding number of cloud services, which in turn can be tethered to home automation systems and other "cyberphysical" systems. While Microsoft's Project Oxford services have remained largely experimental and Apple's Siri remains bound to Apple hardware, Amazon and Google have rushed headlong into a battle to become the voice service incumbent. As ads for Amazon's Echo and Google Home have saturated broadcast and cable television, the two companies have simultaneously started to open the associated software services up to others. I chose Alexa as a starting point for our descent into IoT hell for a number of reasons. One of them is that Amazon lets other developers build “skills” for Alexa that users can choose from a marketplace, like mobile apps. These skills determine how Alexa interprets certain voice commands, and they can be built on Amazon’s Lambda application platform or hosted by the developers themselves on their own server. (Rest assured, I’m going to be doing some future work with skills.) Another point of interest is that Amazon has been fairly aggressive about getting developers to build Alexa into their own gadgets—including hardware hackers. Amazon has also released its own demonstration version of an Alexa client for a number of platforms, including the Raspberry Pi. AVS, or Alexa Voice Services, requires a fairly small computing footprint on the user's end.  All of the voice recognition and synthesis of voice responses happens in Amazon's cloud; the client simply listens for commands, records them, and forwards them as an HTTP POST request carrying an JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) object to AVS' Web-based interfaces. The voice responses are sent as audio files to be played by the client, wrapped in a returned JSON object. Sometimes, they include a hand-off for streamed audio to a local audio player, as with AVS's "Flash Briefing" feature (and music streaming—but that's only available on commercial AVS products right now). Before I could build anything with Alexa on a Raspberry Pi, I needed to create a project profile on Amazon’s developer site. When you create an AVS project on the site, it creates a set of credentials and shared encryption keys used to configure whatever software you use to access the service. The Amazon Developer Console, where you create the configuration for a prototype Alexa device. First, it needs a name. The next step in creating a configuration: the generation of a security profile. These are used to authenticate the device via OAuth with Amazon's Alexa back-end. These source addresses for the device are required to allow local setup details to be passed via OAuth to Alexa. The first set of URLs under each setting here are for the AWS sample app's configuration; the second set (including the third address) are for the AlexaPi code I used on this project. Note they're not HTTPS—something to fix later. Amazon wants some more details on your "product" to finish the configuration profile. Once you've got the AVS client running, it needs to be configured with a Login With Amazon (LWA) token through its own setup Web page—giving it access to Amazon's services (and potentially, to Amazon payment processing). So, in essence, I would be creating a Teddy Ruxpin with access to my credit card. This will be a topic for some future security research on IoT on my part. Amazon offers developers a sample Alexa client to get started, including one implementation that will run on Raspbian, the Raspberry Pi implementation of Debian Linux. However, the official demo client is written largely in Java. Despite, or perhaps because of, my past Java experience, I was leery of trying to do any interconnection between the sample code and the Arduino-driven bear. As far as I could determine, I had two possible courses of action: A hardware-focused approach that used the audio stream from Alexa to drive the animation of the bear. Finding a more accessible client or writing my own, preferably in an accessible language like Python, that could drive the Arduino with serial commands. Naturally, being a software-focused guy and having already done a significant amount of software work with Arduino, I chose…the hardware route. Hoping to overcome my lack of experience with electronics with a combination of Internet searches and raw enthusiasm, I grabbed my soldering iron. Plan A: Audio in, servo out My plan was to use a splitter cable for the Raspberry Pi’s audio and to run the audio both to a speaker and to the Arduino. The audio signal would be read as analog input by the Arduino, and I would somehow convert the changes in volume in the signal into values that would in turn be converted to digital output to the servo in the bear’s head. The elegance of this solution was that I would be able to use the animated robo-bear with any audio source—leading to hours of entertainment value. It turns out this is the approach Kane took with his Bass-lexa. In a phone conversation, he revealed for the first time how he pulled off his talking fish as an example of rapid prototyping for his students at RISD. "It's all about making it as quickly as possible so people can experience it," he explained. "Otherwise, you end up with a big project that doesn't get into people's hands until it's almost done." So, Kane's rapid-prototyping solution: connecting an audio sensor physically duct-taped to an Amazon Echo to an Arduino controlling the motors driving the fish. Enlarge / Kane texted me this photo of his prototype—audio sensor and breadboard taped atop an Amazon Echo. Brian Kane Of course, I knew none of this when I began my project. I also didn't have an Echo or a $4 audio sensor. Instead, I was stumbling around the Internet looking for ways to hotwire the audio jack of my Raspberry Pi into the Arduino. I knew that audio signals are alternating current, forming a waveform that drives headphones and speakers. The analog pins on the Arduino can only read positive direct current voltages, however, so in theory the negative-value peaks in the waves would be read with a value of zero. I was given false hope by an Instructable I found that moved a servo arm in time with music—simply by soldering a 1,000 ohm resistor to the ground of the audio cable. After looking at the Instructable, I started to doubt its sanity a bit even as I moved boldly forward. I need sanity check on this Instructs le: wtf with the soldering? https://t.co/Mc3HlqqNtW — Sean Gallagher (@thepacketrat) November 15, 2016 Me, after a few hours with a soldering iron. pic.twitter.com/16aaWkI4Em — Sean Gallagher (@thepacketrat) November 15, 2016 While I saw data from the audio cable streaming in via test code running on the Arduino, it was mostly zeros. So after taking some time to review some other projects, I realized that the resistor was damping down the signal so much it was barely registering at all. This turned out to be a good thing—doing a direct patch based on the approach the Instructable presented would have put 5 volts or more into the Arduino’s analog input (more than double its maximum). Getting the Arduino-only approach to work would mean making an extra run to another electronics supply store. Sadly, I discovered my go-to, Baynesville Electronics, was in the last stages of its Going Out of Business Sale and was running low on stock. But I pushed forward, needing to procure the components to build an amplifier with a DC offset to convert the audio signal into something I could work with. It was when I started shopping for oscilloscopes that I realized I had ventured into the wrong bear den. Fortunately, there was a software answer waiting in the wings for me—a GitHub project called AlexaPi. Page: 1 2 Next → Sean Gallagher Sean is Ars Technica's IT Editor. A former Navy officer, systems administrator, and network systems integrator with 20 years of IT journalism experience, he lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland. Email sean.gallagher@arstechnica.com // Twitter @thepacketrat reader comments 90 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Why Apple added little-known C-Spire as a US iPhone carrier Apple will be expanding its iPhone 4S availability to another US carrier in … Christina Bonnington, wired.com - Oct 20, 2011 11:27 am UTC reader comments Share this story Apple will be expanding its iPhone 4S availability to another US carrier  in the next few weeks. No, it’s not T-Mobile, but rather C Spire Wireless, a small, regional carrier that’s popular in Mississippi and pockets of the Southeast. It’s hard to resist that Southern charm. C Spire, which runs a CDMA-based network like Verizon and Sprint, will begin selling the iPhone 4S “in the coming weeks.” C Spire hasn’t released many details about the announcement, but Jim Richmond, director of corporate communications, said that interested consumers can sign up on the C Spire website to find out more information as it becomes available. The C Spire announcement comes as a surprise to most Apple enthusiasts, as C Spire isn’t as well known as other national carriers, such as T-Mobile, or even Cricket Wireless. But maybe all the surprise stems from a likelihood that most Apple watchers are concentrated in large, metropolitan markets. “C Spire offers Apple access to a region typically neglected by the larger carriers and provides the potential for additional growth away from the urban centers Apple already dominates,” John Feland, CEO of analytics firm Argus Insights, says. Another reason so few people have heard of C Spire Wireless: the company used to be known as Cellular South. The privately held regional carrier primarily has store locations in Mississippi, along with a few locations in neighboring regions of Alabama, Tennessee and Florida. The iPhone 4S originally launched on AT&T, Verizon and Sprint on Friday, October 14. The handset promises to be a big money maker for carrier partners, and has already sold more than 4 million units in its first weekend alone. In the past, the iPhone was exclusive to AT&T, and then Verizon began supporting the iPhone 4 in January of this year. Given lowered price points for the iPhone 3GS and 4, it’s clear that Apple is trying to branch out and make its smartphone accessible to more customers. The majority of cellphone owners aren’t yet smartphone owners, whether due to tight personal budgets, network coverage issues, or because they feel they don’t need smartphone features. But partnering with a carrier in an under-served area where smartphones don’t yet rule the roost could provide Apple with a large number of potential new adopters. Indeed, the location of C Spire’s customer base offers a number of benefits for Apple that may not be immediately obvious. First, southerners are typically late technology adopters, says Feland (and as a Texas native who spent several years in Tennessee and Mississippi, I can attest to this as well). This means C Spire has strong potential in converting “feature phone” users to iPhone users. What’s more, thanks to an improved broadband infrastructure and the exploding popularity of social media platforms like Facebook, technology-averse Southern customers might now be more easily swayed to purchase an iPhone, confident that (a) they’ll actually have reliable network service, and (b) they’ll have something really fun to do with their new devices. But what of T-Mobile? Well, it’s a large national carrier, but already has a presence in the same places as AT&T, Sprint and Verizon. Because of this, “there are marginal additional unit sales available” for Apple to leverage, says Feland. And, of course, adding a heavyweight like T-Mobile to the mix could anger Apple’s existing iPhone partners. Working with lil’-old C Spire, meanwhile, shouldn’t give anyone a scare. “C Spire’s strong regional presence offers Apple more bang for their buck as they continue to push off an iPhone in every hand and an iPad in every home,” says Feland. “The Southern market is ripe for Apple’s picking.” Whether C Spire will sell the iPhone 3GS or 4 isn’t yet known. Nor are the carrier’s pricing plans. However, C Spire could potentially offer unlimited data, as the company has an “80/40 plan” that offers unlimited minutes, data and messaging for $80 per month for the first line on a plan, and a mere $40 for additional lines. Currently, Sprint is the only carrier that offers an unlimited data plan for iPhone 4S owners. reader comments Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Why Thunderbolt cables will be expensive until 2013 Competition hasn't yet led to lowered prices, but things are changing. Chris Foresman - Jul 3, 2012 9:10 pm UTC Sumitomo's distinctive black Thunderbolt cables aren't being sold directly in the US. Chris Foresman reader comments Share this story Intel's Thunderbolt high-speed interconnect has been shipping for over a year now, and new vendors have been announcing products compatible with the standard ever since. One sticking point, however, has been that Thunderbolt devices require an expensive $50 cable—only available from Apple until recently. And unfortunately, prices aren't coming down any time soon. While other vendors are now offering their own Thunderbolt cables, prices have mostly stayed the same—in fact, some have gone up. We found this surprising; typically more vendors offering competing products leads to lower prices. And as the high cable price represents a fairly high barrier to entry for Thunderbolt devices, it relegates the standard to niche, early-adopter territory. This isn't likely to change in the near future. Our research shows that for the rest of 2012, Thunderbolt cables are going to remain in the $45-60 price range. Prices aren't likely to drop noticeably until early 2013, when second-generation silicon for Thunderbolt's active cabling becomes available in production quantities. The current landscape Belkin, Elgato, and Kanex are some of the latest vendors offering Thunderbolt cables to work with a growing number of drives, docks, and other devices coming to market. But in many cases, the cables are more expensive than Apple's $50 cable. Kanex offers its own 2m cable for $60. Elgato, which recently released a portable Thunderbolt SSD, sells a 0.5m cable to go along with it, also $60. The only "cheaper" cable out there is a 1m branded one Belkin offers to go along with its upcoming Thunderbolt Express Dock for $45. Besides Apple, the only volume supplier of Thunderbolt cables currently seems to be Japanese electrical cable manufacturer Sumitomo. Intel has been using the distinctive black version of the cables in demonstrations throughout the year, including at CES and Computex. We found Sumitomo's cables available from Amazon Japan in sizes from 0.3m to 3m, for the equivalent of $48-$62. Its 2m cable, available in white or black, costs $56 (plus shipping from Japan). A Sumitomo representative told Ars that the company has no plans to retail its cables in the US; instead, it is partnering with local vendors to brand and distribute the cables. The Elgato and Belkin cables appear to be made by Sumitomo, though neither company would confirm that to us. Kanex's cable appears to be manufactured by another OEM. Change in motion All these cables have one thing in common, according to John Mitchell, marketing manager for signal processing chip maker Intersil. "All of them are based on the Gennum transceiver, what we call first-gen cable," Mitchell explained. That transceiver—now manufactured by Semtech, which acquired Gennum in March—is the same one used in Apple's cable. The Semtech (née Gennum) Thunderbolt transceiver used in Apple's Thunderbolt cable iFixit The chip is built using silicon germanium, "an expensive semiconductor process typically used for telecom applications," Mitchell told Ars. It's likely that Intel and Apple chose the Semtech part because it was either an already existing part that fit the requirements for Thunderbolt's high 10Gbps bi-directional data rate, or Semtech had something similar that was easily adaptable. In addition to the transceiver, the current reference design also requires a separate microcontroller, as well as power management and voltage regulation chips to deliver the 3V data signals and 15V optional power supply for bus-powered devices. Essentially, there are four integrated circuits (IC) at either end of a Thunderbolt cable. "Active cables need clock and data recovery chips on either end, even for optical cables," Mitchell said. "This makes Thunderbolt very robust—signal is cleaned up by the cable, even if a device is 'noisy.'" Combined with relatively high-quality copper cable, Thunderbolt quickly becomes rather expensive equipment. For comparison, passive cables (such as those used for HDMI or USB) cost under $10 for a 2m cable. But Mitchell said that his company has a solution to the problem currently in the pipeline and set to ship in volume in the latter part of this year. What Intersil calls an "Active Cable IC Solution for Thunderbolt Technology" appears to be the only complete turnkey solution we could find among manufacturers selling ICs for Thunderbolt. It combines the microcontroller and transceiver into a single signal processing chip, and combines power management and voltage regulators into a single power management chip. This cuts the number of required ICs from four to two. Enlarge / Intersil's active Thunderbolt cable solution reduces the number of necessary ICs from four to two. Intersil The chips are manufactured on a lower cost, 40nm CMOS process, improving yields and lowering costs significantly. The 40nm process also dissipates less heat, reducing the need for bulky heat sinking within the cable plug. The chipset also uses Intersil's patented "cable compensation" techniques, which account for signal skew and dispersion within the copper conductors. "We've been designing around these problems for data center applications, by using advanced equalization and cable impairment correction," Mitchell said. Bringing the technology to Thunderbolt will allow cable manufacturers to use a lower-grade cable while still maintaining 10Gbps throughput. In addition to these improvements, Intersil's chipset includes features like integrated error-rate testers and switching loopbacks, all designed to aid in automated testing. "These features help cable assemblers test the cables during the manufacturing process, streamlining the workflow," Mitchell said. "Our solution is half the chips, half the size, uses half the power, and cheaper conductors can be used. By the end of the year, cables will be less expensive." That news bodes well for the Thunderbolt ecosystem, which will begin expanding this year as a new wave of Thunderbolt-equipped Macs and PCs work their way into consumers' hands. "It's pretty much been an Apple thing with a few drives," Mitchell told Ars of the current landscape. "But with Ivy Bridge and Intel's new Thunderbolt controllers, the rest of this year is going be very interesting." Further reading: Upcoming low-cost Thunderbolt controller could broaden reach of spec Will 2012 be Thunderbolt's year? Devices arrive in force at CES First look: Drobo's new Thunderbolt-equipped Drobo Mini and Drobo 5D Thunderbolt smokes USB, FireWire with 10Gbps throughput Promoted Comments IntergalacticWalrus | Ars Praetorian jump to post People need to stop seeing Thunderbolt and USB 3 as competing technologies. (I mostly blame Apple for this, as they released their first TB Macs around the same time everybody else introduced USB 3.) Thunderbolt is basically an external PCIe bus, it's needlessly overkill for many uses that USB 3 will do just fine (and with plain inexpensive cables!), but very useful for others, like external docks or GPUs, where USB 3 is not low-level enough. 547 posts | registered Nov 17, 2009 dlux | Ars Tribunus Angusticlavius jump to post For anyone wondering why these higher-speed interfaces seem needlessly complex, look through this pictorial and read the captions (also zoom the images for a higher-res version): http://www.tomshardware.com/picturestor ... 10gbe.html Now that's for 10G Ethernet, not Thunderbolt, but a lot of the electrical challenges still apply when transmitting data outside of the device in a sometimes-hostile environment. (Also, that article also addresses some of the work needed to refine successive generations of a given interconnect. The original single-port 10G card consumed 25 watts, and that was just at one end of the cable. A single 10G Ethernet channel meant 50W of power end-to-end, and if you have multiple hundreds of those in a data center you can do the math...) Last edited by dlux on 03 Jul 2012 16:48 7718 posts | registered Jan 1, 2006 Chris Foresman Chris is an Associate Writer at Ars Technica, where he has spent the last five years writing about Apple, smartphones, digital photography, and patent litigation, among other topics. Email chris.foresman@arstechnica.com // Twitter @foresmac reader comments Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Bee Gees And ‘Saturday Night Fever’ Tribute To Be Held On Valentine’s Day, Special To Air Later On CBS Entertainment 2017-01-27 Barron Trump Character In Comedy Show: Despite Choppy Waters, Show Opens Saturday Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-28 Mixed Reactions From Muslims In America To Trump’s Anti-Immigration Actions News 2017-01-28 Jewish Groups Condemn Trump For Signing Refugee Ban On Holocaust Remembrance Day News 2017-01-28 The United States’ Ground Combat Systems Could Soon Be Surpassed By The Russians And The Chinese News 2017-01-27 ‘Virgin Mary Will Marry Prophet Mohammed In Heaven’: Egyptian Scholar’s Statement Leave Christians Fuming Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-28 WWE Rumors: Rey Mysterio Returning To WWE During ‘Royal Rumble’ Football 2017-01-28 Senior Bowl: NFL Draft Prospects To Watch In The 2017 Showcase Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bayley Explains The Biggest Difference Between WWE And NXT Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors, Spoilers: Upcoming Advertisements May Have Spoiled WWE Universal Championship Match Results For ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Apple Watch: New Updates Excite Owners Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Chinese New Year 2017: Find All The Best Greetings To Ring In The New Year, Plus What Animal Represents 2017 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Trump Didn’t Photoshop His Hands To Look Bigger — But He Did Hold Theresa May’s Hand [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Calexit: California Secession Movement Fueled By Trump Presidency BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss A Complaint Filed By Nokia Will Be Investigated, Confirms U.S. Trade Commission Technology 2 0 0 January 25, 2017 A Complaint Filed By Nokia Will Be Investigated, Confirms U.S. Trade Commission Jeremy Winslow While Apple is battling Qualcomm for $1 billion in royalties, Nokia’s litigation filed in December of last year is finally progressing. It seems Apple may have another business to worry about, and this one is just as important as the Qualcomm case. The U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) confirmed on Tuesday, January 24 that it will “investigate a complaint by Nokia Technologies alleging that Apple Inc. has imported smartphones, tablet computers and other electronics that infringe upon its patents,” as reported by Reuters. The official Nokia website states that on December 21, the company has “filed a number of complaints against Apple in Germany and the US, alleging that Apple products infringe a number of Nokia patents.” [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] The press release continues, “As one of the world’s leading innovators, and following the acquisition of full ownership of NSN in 2013 and Alcatel-Lucent in 2016, Nokia now owns three valuable portfolios of intellectual property. Built on more than EUR 115 billion invested in R&D over the past twenty years, our tens of thousands of patents cover many important technologies used in smartphones, tablets, personal computers and similar devices. Since agreeing a license covering some patents from the Nokia Technologies portfolio in 2011, Apple has declined subsequent offers made by Nokia to license other of its patented inventions which are used by many of Apple’s products.” According to the New York Times, the pact agreed upon by both Apple and Nokia expired on December 31. It can be interpreted that the Finland-based company wants to strangle the Cupertino-based company, squeezing the blood from the stone and continuing collect payments from Apple. Apple, however, is accusing Nokia of extortion. “Apple is saying, ‘we want to pay one low price and not have to deal with any of your patents again.’ Nokia is saying, ‘I don’t want that low price because my patents are worth more than that,'” Clem Roberts, an intellectual property lawyer at Durie Tangri in San Francisco, said to the New York Times. Ilkka Rahnasto, the head of Patent Business at Nokia, said in the Nokia press release, “Through our sustained investment in research and development, Nokia has created or contributed to many of the fundamental technologies used in today’s mobile devices, including Apple products. After several years of negotiations trying to reach agreement to cover Apple’s use of these patents, we are now taking action to defend our rights.” In an official statement from Apple, the company said, “Unfortunately, Nokia has refused to license their patents on a fair basis and is now using the tactics of a patent troll to attempt to extort money from Apple by applying a royalty rate to Apple’s own inventions they had nothing to do with.” [Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] On December 22, the lawsuit expanded to 11 countries, where there are now 40 patents in suit, including displays, user interfaces, software, antennas, video coding, and more. Immediately following the lawsuit, sometime between December 24 and 25, Apple swiftly removed all of Nokia’s Withings products from its stores. However, it’s unclear whether this removal occurred in both online and retail, though the online removal absolutely did happen. In April of last year, Nokia bought Withings — a French-based consumer electronic company responsible for Wi-Fi scales and other digital health and fitness gear — for $119 million in cash. Evidently, this isn’t the first time Apple and Nokia have fought over patents. In December of 2009, Nokia requested the USITC to investigate Apple’s potential patent infringement. The agency agreed, sparking a two-year tumultuous back-and-forth between the two companies over patents and technology. In June of 2011, the two finally settled, ending the long battle with a patent license agreement expected to have a positive financial impact on Nokia. At this time, the USITC said it had not yet made any decision on the merits of the case by Nokia, which is seeking a cease-and-desist order and a limited exclusion order in the case. [Featured Image by Jack Taylor/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Apple Watch: New Updates Excite Owners Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: Apple, federal trade commission, FTC, iphone January 28, 2017 Donald Trump Approval Rating Up Six Points In First Week January 26, 2017 Donald Trump’s Border Wall: How Mexico Could Pay For It Revealed View full timeline 3 days ago A Complaint Filed By Nokia Will Be Investigated, Confirms U.S. Trade Commission 4 days ago Apple Rumors: Pencil 2 To Be Unveiled With 10.5-Inch iPad Pro In March? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mixed Reactions From Muslims In America To Trump’s Anti-Immigration Actions Carrie Fisher And Debbie Reynolds Public Memorial Location And Date Announced The Weeknd ‘Secretly Dated Selena Gomez For A Year,’ Bella Hadid Blindsided By Alleged Affair Corn Diet Causing Hamsters To Turn Cannibal, Devour Offspring: Humans Susceptible As Well, Research Reveals Caitlyn Jenner Pushing Kanye West For Presidency Campaign Amid Kardashian Backlash Over Trump Support The Weeknd Writing Justin Bieber Diss Track Amid Selena Gomez Rumors: Feud Erupts? Kourtney Kardashian: Scott Disick Bails On Family, ‘KUWTK’ Star Cancels Reconciliation Plans Bella Hadid Called ‘Too Skinny’ In Recent Photo Showing Off Model’s Figure ‘Essential Michael Jackson’ A Top 40 Hit In 2017 After MJ’s Death In 2009 Kim Kardashian No Sex Policy: Kanye West Divorce Allegedly Moving Forward, Marriage Over? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.9k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ 4.3k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.8k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 75k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Latest News PM Narendra Modi raises poll heat: Congress an opportunist, will have any tie-up to survive Srinagar cut off, no air tickets left for Delhi, Mumbai flights over the weekend Arvind Kejriwal storms Captain Amarinder Singh bastion of Patiala with huge road show Centralised online applications: Nursery process may begin year in advance in Delhi Before resignation under sexual harassment cloud, Meghalaya Governor held interviews, promoted PA Home Business Companies Apple meets panel for incentives Apple meets panel for incentives In a communication with the “highest level” of the government, the company has sought sops, including a 15-year customs duty holiday on imports of certain components. By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:January 26, 2017 12:38 am An Apple spokesperson said: “We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India and are proud to deliver the best products and services in the world to our customers here. “ Senior executives of iPhone maker Apple made a fresh pitch before an inter-ministerial panel on Wednesday for incentives, fiscal and otherwise, as the firm is learnt to have displayed a greater level of interest in setting up a manufacturing unit in India. In a presentation to the panel — chaired by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion Secretary Ramesh Abhishek and comprising senior officials of the ministries of electronics and information technology, finance, commerce and environment — the company’s executives are learnt to have showcased what they do elsewhere, and explained why they need certain sops to be able to set up a unit here. Watch What Else Is making News An Apple spokesperson said: “We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India and are proud to deliver the best products and services in the world to our customers here. We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we have had with the government about further expanding our local operations.” In a communication with the “highest level” of the government, the company has sought sops, including a 15-year customs duty holiday on imports of certain components. Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express J-K: Five soldiers feared trapped after Army post caved in under snow in Kupwara district EntertainmentAlia Bhatt, Hrithik Roshan, Karan Johar stand with Sanjay Leela Bhansali. See tweets EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 3: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 59.83 crore EntertainmentHere's the real reason why Sanjay Leela Bhansali was slapped, punched. Padmavati is just a small part of it EntertainmentFIR actor Kavita Kaushik gets married in the lap of Kedarnath mountains. See pics Must Read SportsInd vs Eng: Hosts move back the boundary rope SportsAustralian Open Live: Serena vs Venus Williams SportsNot happy to give back my 2008 Oly medal: Bolt TechnologyOnePlus Bullets V2 earphones review: Pretty good for the price TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 renders leaked again: Is this official? TechnologyFacebook introduces support for physical 'security key' to counter hacking LifestyleHow India's Chinese community celebrates its New Year closer to 'home' Jan 28: Latest News Ludhiana: One killed, AAP candidate among 5 injured in vehicle collision Anupam Kher praises Vidya Balan’s ‘grace, charm’, see pics Abhinav Mukund to lead India A vs Bangladesh, fitness test for Jayant Yadav Devendra Fadnavis pays tributes to Maharashtra soldiers killed in avalanches Voice from Goa: Why are taxi prices so high in this tourist state?                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 22 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements Wednesday January 25, 2017 10:21 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 22 includes bug fixes and updates for JavaScript, CSS, Form Validation, Web Inspector, Web API, Media, Rendering, and more. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's aim with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 34 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) zigmund555 3 days ago at 11:08 am Chrome is bloated CPU and battery hogging garbage. I use tech preview as my main browser, have since it came out and it's fine. Rating: 7 Votes CarlJ 3 days ago at 11:23 am Chrome is still kingIn related news, McDonalds makes the best food in the world. Rating: 7 Votes star-affinity 2 days ago at 01:57 am Anyone got a tip how i can change the name in the Menu to something shorter? Safari Technology Preview kills half the others icons i have stored up there. If you edit the string under <key>CFBundleName</key> in the file here: /Applications/Safari Technology Preview.app/Contents/Info.plist That should do it. (Right-click on the ”Safari Technology Preview.app” in the Finder and choose ”Show Package Contents” to be able to navigate to the Info.plist file in the Finder) Rating: 1 Votes Vashetti 3 days ago at 10:24 am Still 419 out of 555 on html5test Seems to have fixed an annoying page reload bug I was getting on reddit in the last build though. Rating: 1 Votes nvmls 2 days ago at 05:50 am Lol it's amazing really.. some saying it's been fine since release 1, I could make a list with over 25 broken things since 1st release, up until last one, unchecked CSS properties in inspector were commented and when checking them back wouldn't un-comment them, also this is the 3rd straight release without HTML5 points improvement, it took them 3 versions to fix something as basic as pixel dimension popover when inspecting elements. Funny how a dev browser has broken tools and some people say it's been fine since release 1? LOL, sure. Also, what's the deal with favicons? If you think having over 30+ open tabs and that favicons are annoying, you must be loving the horizontal tab management behavior as well, as if those monochrome pinned tab icons were a widespread standard today lol, they are so easy to setup and test, it's not like you gotta clear cache everytime or restart the browser, another well thought components for devs. Please go back to school and finish it, being rich ain't enough.. this is the apple consumer today. Also, for the person stucked with version 16.. JS alert dialogs pop-up empty, try it for yourself. Rating: 1 Votes acedout 2 days ago at 04:20 pm Still no webRTC. Yawn. Rating: 1 Votes Elwe 3 days ago at 11:08 am Safari Technology Preview? No, I hope no one uses that as their main browser. ;) Safari, maybe. Personally, I think Safari is fine, but I prefer Firefox (whose marketshare appears to have fallen in the last few years) from both a philosophical standpoint and for the fact that I have bookmarks synced across different computers (and OSes) with it. God knows I don't use it for the snappy performance. I assume I'm in the minority on the Mac for this preference. :) If you believe most browser statistics, yes--about half of all Web traffic comes from Chrome, though probably a bit less on the Mac (haven't looked it it broken down by OS myself). I do use it as my main browser, and I have done so for many months. I have a reasonably modern and well-equipped 15" MacBook Pro. Quad-core processor, 16gb of ram, and a speedy SSD drive. All that and I still had (and still have at times) resource problems with Chrome over time. I do keep a lot of tabs open, and by over time I mean from a few days to a few weeks. Inevitably, I have to hard kill/restart chrome. I have similar problems on a modern Ubuntu-based workstation. That said, "in a vacuum", I think I prefer the "look and UI" functionality of Chrome amongst all the modern browsers. It is just that Safari has and continues to run the best over time* on my MacBook Pro (Sierra and the previous two main OS versions). Because I use a lot of tabs, I was unwilling to use the mainline Safari 9.x, and so turned to using the Technology Previews. I added a few extensions, and have a fairly stable experience. With the release of Safari 10.x, I supposed I could have moved to the mainline release. But I have not seen the need yet, and I actually like the more frequent release patterns for browsers that Firefox and Chrome and now Edge and Safari (Technology Previews) have embarked on. Some bugs do seem to get fixed faster. * By best over time I mean lowest cpu and memory utilization over time, with fewer crashes. I should say that I have not recently given Firefox a lot of use on my MacBook Pro. It used to be my main browser everywhere, but I was finding a few years ago that Chrome outperformed it quite handily. So I switched to Chrome pretty much everywhere except iOS, and just lived with having to restart every so often (which is admittedly easier with the right extensions installed). But the use of Safari Technology Preview has eliminated even the need for that on my MacBook Pro . . . at least until new revisions are released every month or so. More people should try it as their main browser. I think they would like it, mostly, and appreciate its performance on its native system; though again I do still like the "look and UI" in Chrome a bit more still. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook met with senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) on Friday afternoon to discuss topics like technology and economy, reports BuzzFeed. Hatch, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee... 53 comments Apple and Amazon Adopt Opposing Strategies as Smart Home War Heats Up 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple has been in the smart home market for over two years, having introduced its HomeKit framework in the fall of 2014 alongside iOS 8, but HomeKit has been slow to get off the ground because of the... 173 comments Microsoft Says Windows PC Makers Seeing 'Continued Growth' in Premium Market Led by Apple 18 hours ago on Front Page Microsoft on Thursday reported a 5% increase in revenue from licensing Windows to PC makers as part of its latest quarterly earnings results. In a subsequent conference call, Microsoft's... 281 comments Seven Years Ago Today: Steve Jobs Introduces the iPad 19 hours ago on Front Page After teasing fans to "come see our latest creation" in the weeks leading up to one of its famous media events, seven years ago today former Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the first-generation... 171 comments Apple Releases First macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta With New Night Shift Mode 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, two days after seeding the first 10.12.4 beta to developers and three days... 115 comments Apple Releases First iOS 10.3 Public Beta With Find My AirPods Feature 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, more than a month after releasing iOS 10.2 and two days after providing the iOS 10.3 beta... 68 comments Apple Set to Join Microsoft, Google, and Facebook in AI Research Group 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will take a significant step toward disclosing more of its artificial intelligence research this week by becoming a member of a non-profit AI research consortium founded by five of the tech... 70 comments Hands-On With iOS 10.3's New 'Find My AirPods' Feature 3 days ago on Front Page iOS 10.3 introduces a new "Find My AirPods" feature, giving AirPods owners a way to keep track of the tiny wire-free earphones Apple started selling back in December. Because iOS 10.3 is... 89 comments • Huawei Closing in on Apple, Aims to Become World's Largest Smartphone Maker Within Four Years (240) • Apple's LG 5K Display Store Listing Now Accepting Reviews (87) • Apple Resellers and Service Providers Speak Out Following Simply Mac Closures (134) • New Mac App Subscription Service 'Setapp' Offers 60 Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month (155) • Hands-On With the New Night Shift Mode in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 (130) • What's New in iOS 10.3: Find My AirPods, APFS File System, New Apple ID Setting and More (127) • 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch (116)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade What Even Is a Spinki? - The TouchArcade Show #292 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Splitter Critters' Two New 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Videos Give Us a Lengthy Look at the Heroes and Heroines in the Game 'Kingdom: New Lands' iOS and Android Versions Mysteriously Delayed PAX South 2017: 'MetaArcade' Wants You to Create Your Own Gamebook Adventures AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple to Build 200 Megawatts of Solar Energy in Nevada Through NV Energy Partnership Wednesday January 25, 2017 10:49 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple and Nevada energy company NV Energy today announced a new agreement that will see the two partnering to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy in Nevada by 2019, which will support Apple's data center in Reno, Nevada. NV Energy will soon enter into a power purchase agreement for the solar power plant, and in the future, Apple will dedicate up to five megawatts of power to NV's upcoming subscription solar program. Image of Apple's Reno data center via the Reno Gazette-Journal "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100 percent renewable energy across all our operations," said Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives Lisa Jackson. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses."Apple has expanded its Reno data center multiple times over the course of the last few years, and is working on a second data center at the same location. Apple's data centers, including the Reno center, are powered by renewable energy, much of which is derived from solar panel farms located nearby the centers. Apple started building a Reno solar farm back in 2013, and will now expand on it. 10 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) vertical smile 3 days ago at 11:10 am Apple and Nevada energy company NV Energy today announced ('http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nv-energy-announces-solar-agreement-with-apple-300396620.html') a new agreement that will see the two partnering to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Rating: 4 Votes mw360 3 days ago at 01:35 pm Powered by 100% solar energy...except for in the night when its powered by nuclear or coal most likely. At least with companies like Tesla they can charge batteries in the day time but with Apple their data centres don't shut down when the sun goes down The solar farms produce enough excess during the day to offset the non-solar usage at night. That means somewhere less coal or uranium is getting burned to the same degree or better than if the solar plant could run during the night. Since all the energy gets mixed into the grid anyway, it doesn't make any sense to talk about where the energy actually goes and comes from. So long as it's made cleanly, the right customer pays for it, and some dirty energy is scaled back to compensate. I can't speak for the US energy grid but other countries are developing batteries in the 200MW range to address the future issue of supply peaks failing to meet demand peaks. Rating: 3 Votes justperry 3 days ago at 12:21 pm 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Now this one will blow your mind then: Last year, China installed 15.13GW of new solar photovoltaic (PV) capacity, reaching a cumulative solar capacity of 43.48GW. China's sets a 2020 solar PV target at 150GW to 200GW. http://www.computerworld.com/article/3147845/sustainable-it/china-leads-the-world-in-solar-power-installations.html ('http://www.computerworld.com/article/3147845/sustainable-it/china-leads-the-world-in-solar-power-installations.html') Rating: 2 Votes Porco 3 days ago at 12:15 pm 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Well, they've been promoting their Time Machine for years after all... :D Anyway, this is very good news. Especially when others are taking the concept of a huge pipeline rather more literally than Apple do... Rating: 2 Votes mw360 2 days ago at 05:10 am That is pure garbage. The amount of power that needs to be generated at night remains constant and solar power has little impact on that. Power usage at night si actually frustrating for everybody involved in energy generation because often the light loads end up being handled in very inefficient ways. I've no idea how this backs up you 'pure garbage' claim. If Apple is sharing x hundred excess megawatts into the grid during daylight hours, then somewhere else a power station can ramp down its output during those same hours by x hundred megawatts. I think you're saying that isn't fair because the overnight usage, necessarily brings with the the baggage of overnight inefficiencies. Yeah, I could concede that and deduct, what 10% of Apple's kudos? Hardly merits a 'total garbage' though does it? If I didn't want to concede that point, I'd point out that oversupply is really just a problem for fuel-based energy suppliers and it's their problem to solve, not pass blame onto customers. They get suitably punished in their margins, so the free market is applying the pressure there. First; off Uranium is not burned, the heat for the steam generators is generated via nuclear processes. Come on, I know that. Creative license for the sake of brevity. They rest I'd love to chat about, but time is short for me right now. Rating: 1 Votes york2600 2 days ago at 09:27 pm True, Apple doesn't power down their data center at night, but modern servers have a huge variance in power usage depending on system load. I did large scale video processing a few jobs back. Think thousands of servers around the world spitting out videos in different formats for set top and mobile devices. Your servers are working hard when your customers are awake sending you content and they sit fairly idle when your customers are sleeping. Modern servers have really solid power saving functionality. When people are uploading tons of files to iCloud, downloading new apps, or just signing into iCloud Apple's servers are probably running decently hot. 3am: not so much. Here's a Tom's Hardware breakdown on a 1U Intel Xeon 2600 v3s system, which is pretty standard stuff: Idle: 91W Full load: 528W Granted you don't usually run your servers at 100% unless you're doing image/video processing workloads, but you get the point here. Their datacenter can easily drop power usage by 1/2 at night. Peak loads in the day on power grids are crazy. Most places use natural gas generators to supplement their baseline generation. Natural gas is cleaner than coal, but still not the best stuff. Natural gas in your water post fracking is less than great. Generating large amounts of solar during the day absolutely offsets other forms of energy generation. source: paid a power bill more expensive than a lot of houses Rating: 1 Votes Reason077 2 days ago at 04:40 pm That is pure garbage. The amount of power that needs to be generated at night remains constant Grid demand at night is much lower than during the daytime. Peak solar hours correspond fairly well (but not perfectly) with peak demand hours in most regions. Power usage at night si actually frustrating for everybody involved in energy generation because often the light loads end up being handled in very inefficient ways. That's true. Solar, along with storage technologies, helps with this by flattening out the peaks and troughs in demand across the day. That means less need to start and stop gas peaker plants and less need to keep plants idling as spinning reserve, which can be expensive and wasteful. Second; the amount of solar energy generated in this country is a tiny fraction of what is needed to power the country. That tiny contribution to the electrical grid comes with a massive waste of land space, often in areas with sensitive ecosystems. Nonsense. The daily energy demand for the entire USA could be supplied by about 11 million acres of solar panels. That's equivalent to a small corner of Nevada, which has plenty of sunny empty desert available! In fact, a small section of the Sahara desert could power the entire planet's energy demand. Obviously we don't yet have the ability to store and transmit it efficiently/cheaply enough for 100% solar to be a reality, but the point is that the amount of potential energy available via solar is enormous. Sure it does because stupid things like people thinking nuclear energy is dangerous can be addressed. Nuclear energy is certainly less dangerous than highly polluting alternatives like coal, but it is very expensive. Nobody would be bothering much with solar, gas, or coal if nuclear was cheap and easy. Unfortunately it's not. Rating: 1 Votes newdeal 3 days ago at 12:43 pm Powered by 100% solar energy...except for in the night when its powered by nuclear or coal most likely. At least with companies like Tesla they can charge batteries in the day time but with Apple their data centres don't shut down when the sun goes down Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook met with senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) on Friday afternoon to discuss topics like technology and economy, reports BuzzFeed. Hatch, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee... 53 comments Apple and Amazon Adopt Opposing Strategies as Smart Home War Heats Up 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple has been in the smart home market for over two years, having introduced its HomeKit framework in the fall of 2014 alongside iOS 8, but HomeKit has been slow to get off the ground because of the... 173 comments Microsoft Says Windows PC Makers Seeing 'Continued Growth' in Premium Market Led by Apple 18 hours ago on Front Page Microsoft on Thursday reported a 5% increase in revenue from licensing Windows to PC makers as part of its latest quarterly earnings results. In a subsequent conference call, Microsoft's... 281 comments Seven Years Ago Today: Steve Jobs Introduces the iPad 19 hours ago on Front Page After teasing fans to "come see our latest creation" in the weeks leading up to one of its famous media events, seven years ago today former Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the first-generation... 171 comments Apple Releases First macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta With New Night Shift Mode 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, two days after seeding the first 10.12.4 beta to developers and three days... 115 comments Apple Releases First iOS 10.3 Public Beta With Find My AirPods Feature 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, more than a month after releasing iOS 10.2 and two days after providing the iOS 10.3 beta... 68 comments Apple Set to Join Microsoft, Google, and Facebook in AI Research Group 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will take a significant step toward disclosing more of its artificial intelligence research this week by becoming a member of a non-profit AI research consortium founded by five of the tech... 70 comments Hands-On With iOS 10.3's New 'Find My AirPods' Feature 3 days ago on Front Page iOS 10.3 introduces a new "Find My AirPods" feature, giving AirPods owners a way to keep track of the tiny wire-free earphones Apple started selling back in December. Because iOS 10.3 is... 89 comments • Huawei Closing in on Apple, Aims to Become World's Largest Smartphone Maker Within Four Years (240) • Apple's LG 5K Display Store Listing Now Accepting Reviews (87) • Apple Resellers and Service Providers Speak Out Following Simply Mac Closures (134) • New Mac App Subscription Service 'Setapp' Offers 60 Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month (155) • Hands-On With the New Night Shift Mode in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 (130) • What's New in iOS 10.3: Find My AirPods, APFS File System, New Apple ID Setting and More (127) • 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch (116)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade What Even Is a Spinki? - The TouchArcade Show #292 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Splitter Critters' Two New 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Videos Give Us a Lengthy Look at the Heroes and Heroines in the Game 'Kingdom: New Lands' iOS and Android Versions Mysteriously Delayed PAX South 2017: 'MetaArcade' Wants You to Create Your Own Gamebook Adventures AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Mobile Business Apple continues antitrust fight with Qualcomm with two new lawsuits New, 16 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jan 25, 2017, 1:31pm EST share tweet Linkedin Apple is continuing its legal assault on Qualcomm with two new lawsuits filed today in Beijing. In the first lawsuit, Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan (over $145 million USD), according to Reuters, claiming that Qualcomm violated China’s anti-monopoly law and harmed it by abusing the company’s market position as a dominant chip supplier. Details are slim right now, but it’s likely that this is an extension of the recent lawsuits against Qualcomm in the US, which claim that Qualcomm has been using its position to extort undeservedly high patent licensing fees. Qualcomm is facing a flurry of patent suits There’s also a second lawsuit that specifically focuses on patent deals, with Apple asking for the court to rule on the terms of a licensing agreement between the two companies. In the US, there are already claims against Qualcomm for failing to license standard-essential patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms, and this sounds like it could be related. Qualcomm said that it was “prepared to defend its business model” but had not yet seen the two lawsuits. “These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology,” Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel, said in a statement. “Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them.” Apple declined to provide a new statement but pointed to the remarks it issued on Friday, when its initial lawsuit was filed. At the time, Apple said that Qualcomm “has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with” and has been “charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” Apple’s lawsuits come just days after the US Federal Trade Commission accused Qualcomm of many of these same tactics. The FTC began suing Qualcomm last Tuesday, saying that it was using its position as the primary modem supplier for smartphones to get “disproportionately high” patent licensing fees. Qualcomm allegedly told smartphone manufacturers that if they didn’t agree to the terms, it wouldn’t supply them with modems, which would essentially mean that they couldn’t make a widely available phone. Patent licensing is Qualcomm’s biggest source of profit Qualcomm has denied all off the FTC’s claims, as well as all of the claims Apple made in the lawsuit it filed last Friday. It’s even considering a countersuit. The flurry of lawsuits are potentially quite bad news for Qualcomm. Though Qualcomm is best known for making smartphone processors — its Snapdragon chips are in all the top Android phones — most of its money actually comes from licensing out patents. These lawsuits claim that revenue stream is far larger than it ought to be. Apple and the FTC aren’t the only ones with the idea that Qualcomm has been abusing its position. China fined Qualcomm $975 million over patent licensing issues in 2015, and South Korea recently hit Qualcomm with a 1.03 trillion won (around $883 million USD) fine, which Qualcomm has indicated it intends to challenge. Update January 25th, 2:15PM ET: This story has been updated with remarks from Apple. More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 A new mobile game lets you break into a smartphone and uncover its owner’s secrets No, Trump didn't Photoshop his hand to look bigger This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,363-22.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple seeks government help to Make in India By Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 26, 2017, 12.15 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Priya Balasubramaniam | policy framework | make in India | iPhones | India | Government | China "We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India and are proud to deliver the best products and services in the world to our customers here.” Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Apple, the maker of iPhones, has sought assurance and policy support from the government for its manufacturing plans in India. In a presentation made to an inter-ministerial group on Wednesday, the Cupertino, California-based company sought clarity on the policy for bringing in second-hand products, which are currently barred in India. The hour-long presentation made by Priya Balasubramaniam, Apple’s vice president for operations, and five company executives, will now be deliberated and examined by government departments including revenue, industry, environment & forests and the electronics and IT ministry. “Many of the concessions that they have asked for are already there in the existing policy framework. Others we will have to be discussed internally by the respective departments,” said a senior government official who attended the meeting. “We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India and are proud to deliver the best products and services in the world to our customers here,” an Apple spokesperson said. “We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we’ve had with government about further expanding our local operations.” Apple has sought tax exemption for its component manufacturers with the idea that India is likely to become a major manufacturing hub for the company after China and Brazil. “Their whole proposal is for sourcing supplies… since Apple only assembles its products,” another senior official said. Apple sold 2.5 million smartphones in India in 2016, with one-third of them in the fourth quarter, after the launch of iPhone 7. Although Apple captured 10th position in India’s smartphone rankings during the fourth quarter, it led the premium segment (above $450) with a 62% market share, Counterpoint Technology Market Research said on Wednesday. While India provides a 20% capital subsidy for electronics manufacturing units for 10 years, Apple is said to have asked the government to provide additional benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme. The proposal is being considered by the ministry of electronics and IT. Apple plans to assemble phones for the India market at partner Wistron Corp.’s facility in Bengaluru. According to officials, Apple’s demands so far have not talked about land allocation, although the issue of extending benefits reserved for special economic zones has been raised with the government. Apple’s rival Samsung Electronics has started sourcing parts from India while also exporting products made at its plants in Noida and Sriperumbudur. Apple’s Balasubramaniam met Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday evening to discuss its proposal for India operations. Apple CEO Tim Cook, who visited India in May last year, said the country was the next big market for the company. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had urged Cook to set up factories to make its products in India. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Is Ivanka Trump Jewish? In Israel, she has a trump card Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » Priya Balasubramaniam | policy framework | make in India | iPhones | India | Government | China To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Jio may just dislodge Airtel off the top perch in India's $26-bn telecom market After Centre, Apple may also have to cross states' hurdles to set up plant in India Budget 2017: Key expectations of the Information Technology sector Mphasis appoints former Syntel head Nitin Rakesh as CEO replacing Ganesh Ayyar Infosys 'releases' 9,000 employees due to automation More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Reportedly Nearing Deal To Make Products In India, But Will They Be Cheaper? 25 January 2017, 1:23 pm EST By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Apple has apparently had a "constructive" meeting with the Indian government regarding its plans to build a manufacturing facility in the country. Apple products made in India could be significantly more affordable, but it remains to be seen if a deal materializes.  ( Jack Taylor | Getty Images ) Advertisement Apple is apparently close to sealing a deal with India for a local manufacturing plant, which could translate to more affordable iDevices. The company confirmed that it had a "constructive" meeting with the Indian government, discussing plans to open a facility in the country. This follows reports from earlier this month indicating that Apple was about to have a high-level meeting to ask the Indian government for concessions so it could manufacture products locally. The list of demands Apple had for the Indian government included a waiver on custom duties, as well as extensive tax breaks. According to a new report from Reuters, it now seems that the meeting took place and it was quite lucrative, albeit the two parties have not finalized any agreement just yet. "We've been working hard to develop our operations in India," Apple tells Reuters. "We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we've had with government about further expanding our local operations." Affordable iPhones Made In India? Apple has been trying to build an iPhone assembly factory in India for quite some time now and Apple products made in India could cost significantly less. India is among the world's fastest-growing smartphone markets and locally made handsets could be notably more affordable. Currently iPhones are simply too expensive for the vast majority of Indian customers, but things would be different if they were manufactured locally. However, Apple is only willing to build a factory in India if the country agrees to loosen some of its rules for local businesses. One of those rules requires manufacturers to source at least 30 percent of all components locally, and that would be quite tough for Apple. Apple Demands India agreed to bend this rule for the first three years when new businesses start operations in the country, but Apple is looking for more leeway. Three years is not enough to get Apple on board, and the company has also asked for a waiver on customs duties for both used and new equipment. Moreover, Apple also wants full exemption from expenses on raw materials. The company has also asked for a 15-year tax break on component and equipment imports, as well as looser rules when it comes to product labeling. Apple may not be too strict in meeting each and every one of these demands, but it will not give in easily either. It remains to be seen whether the Indian government will eventually meet Apple halfway and agree to a solution that works for both parties, but the "constructive" meeting suggests that they're nearing some sort of common ground. Should they reach a final agreement, having Apple products made in India could be great for all parties involved. India would get a global company setting up shop locally and creating many jobs, Apple would expand to one of the fastest-growing smartphone markets, and consumers would be able to purchase iPhones and other Apple devices at considerably more affordable price points. For now, all we can do is wait and see if a deal materializes. As always, we'll keep you up to date as soon as more information becomes available. TAG Apple, India, Apple India, Made in India © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple To Launch Mysterious 5.8-inch iPhone X In 2017? Apple Spiking App Store Prices In UK: 25 Percent Hike Due To Brexit Currency Swings iPhone 8 Manufactured In India Will Be Cheaper Best Apple Products Of 2016: iPhone 7 Plus, MacBook Pro 15-inch And More Apple 'Very Serious' About iPhone Production In India, But Company Doesn't Want The Country's Government To Interfere With Design From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Business Tech Verizon Reportedly Mulling Deal With Charter, Which Now Owns Time Warner Cable 2 Google Alphabet's 'Other Bets' Start Making Higher Profits Amid Moon Shot Shutdowns 3 Business Tech T-Mobile Employees Report Predatory Work Culture: Unscrupulous Sales Reps Push Bill Cramming And Fraudulent Practices Advertisement 4 Internet Gmail To Block JavaScript Attachments From Feb. 13 5 Animals Dinosaur-Era Insect Found Preserved In Amber Looks Like An Alien 6 Biotech Scripps Researchers Create First Stable Semisynthetic Organism In The Lab 7 Video Games Francis Ford Coppola's Epic Vietnam War Movie 'Apocalypse Now' Is Finally Becoming A Video Game 8 Security Trump Still Uses His 'Old, Unsecured Android Phone,' And That's Just Bad 9 Computers HP Recalls More Than 100K Laptop Batteries Over 'Fire And Burn Hazards' Due To Overheating 10 Medicine Lesbianism Listed As Condition On North Carolina Woman’s Medical Record EDITOR'S PICKS Mars Missions Could Accelerate Under Trump Administration Google Pixel Or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which Smartphone Is A Better Choice? Gmail Phishing: Why The Latest Scam May Be The Smartest Trick Out There Carrington-Like Solar Storm That Could Hit Earth Within Next Decade May Cost US More Than $40 Billion Daily Mindfulness Meditation Helps Slash Stress, Anxiety Disorder Calorie Restriction Diet Found To Extend Monkey Life By Years: Will It Work On Humans Too? Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Heading To AT&T, Latest Leak Reveals Facebook Updates 'Trending' Feature To Fight Fake News, Removes Personalized Topics Google I/O 2017 Date Confirmed In A Puzzle Life & Style More Life & Style Netflix Acquires Hulk Hogan 'Nobody Speak' Documentary Binge Eating Fatty Food Even Once Can Lead To Fatty Liver Disease And Insulin Resistance: Study Burnt Toast And Potatoes Could Lead To Cancer, Food Scientists Warn How Do Jade Eggs Work Exactly? Henry Ford Museum Gets Name Change To Highlight Focus On Innovation Skin Cancer Cream Reportedly Kills 5 Dogs Caffeine May Be Key To Fighting Aging-Related Inflammation 5 Popular Food Choices Believed To Cause Cancer: Nutella, Microwave Popcorn, Hotdogs And More TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Are AirPods fashionable? New, 146 comments by Ashley Carman, Sean O'Kane, Rebecca Jennings, and Cameron Wolf Jan 25, 2017, 1:22pm EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Apple released its courageous new wireless AirPods in December, and in that time, we’ve spotted lots of people wearing the earbuds on the streets and subways of NYC. Verge reporter Sean O’Kane reviewed them here. But in that review, Sean didn’t talk much about the aesthetic of the AirPods. Do they look good? How do they make us feel? Can they work with our commuter lifestyle and style? We recruited two certifiably fashionable people from our sister publication Racked — Rebecca Jennings, associate producer, and Cameron Wolf, menswear editor — to talk through the fashion of AirPods. Ashley: Hello everyone! Thanks for helping us with the important task of figuring out whether the AirPods are a net gain or net loss for fashion. Before launching into that weighty discussion, how did your experience go with them more generally? Did you like them? Rebecca: Hello! I should start by saying that I had to Google “how to turn on AirPods” before actually using them, and then after that, I spent about five minutes playing with the magnet lid thing. It’s extremely satisfying. Anyway, I highly enjoyed my time with the AirPods, and was genuinely sad about having to give them to Cam. Cam: Rebecca passed her Googled knowledge onto me, but I really could not be saved. I had a lot of trouble trying to connect these to my computer, which seems like a reasonable thing to do if I’m at the office even if Rebecca thought it was dumb. I had better success with my phone, and pausing music by taking out an earpiece is objectively cool, but the experience wasn’t super fluid. One or both headphones would unexpectedly disconnect often enough. To reconnect I had to find the headphone holder in my bag, carefully place two pen-cap sized objects in their specific holes, and then reconnect. Not fun on a crowded New York subway. Also, one of my favorite things about corded headphones is that I can easily adjust the volume without pulling my phone out. No such luck with the AirPods. I gladly passed them back to Rebecca. Sean O’ Kane Sean: I definitely didn’t have those troubles when I reviewed AirPods. In fact, I enjoyed the experience so much — when they weren’t falling out of my ears — that I didn’t care much about how they looked. I hated the look of them when Apple announced them last September, and I still kind of do now, but I was able to forget that hate while I used them. That’s something. Ashley: I tried them for the first time this week and had issues with them dropping their connection in the middle of calls. That wasn’t great. I also just can’t get over the idea of having to charge another device. Who has time for all this charging? Plus, I constantly worried I’d lose them because they’re tiny. My long nails were problematic when trying to drop the little guys into their charging hole. So all of that was bad, but ultimately, I found AirPods super convenient. I loved that I could take them out of their container and pop them in my ears to listen to music or make a phone call immediately. We all seemingly had different experiences with their actual functionality, but here’s the real question: how did you feel you looked in them? Were you proud to wear them, or did you feel silly? How did people react to you? Rebecca and Cam, do you have official fashion takes? Rebecca: I’m pretty sure I didn’t stop blushing for the first hour that I wore them — and this was in an office where people are always doing weird things like wearing overalls and attempting to hoverboard. But there was nothing more enjoyable to me than seeing the looks on my co-workers’ faces, followed by me removing one AirPod and being like, “What? Oh, these old things?” Anyway, the experience was markedly less enjoyable on the subway, where I didn’t understand why people kept staring at me until I remembered I had white plastic sticks bursting out of my ears like some sort of disease. Also, the feeling that at any point a crazy person could simply pluck them off your face was a little disconcerting. Cameron Wolf Cam: I feel like Rebecca and I are on exact opposite ends of this. I didn’t mind the look of them at all and didn’t feel the intense glare of my fellow commuters. But I feel like even if I had, I’d have chalked it up to envy and not to being judged as some Bluetooth-wearing Wall Streeter. If anything, AirPods felt like a huge flex in the the same way an Apple Watch does. Hyped-up new products get released and they’re so instantly recognizable; it’s not so different from what happens in the fashion industry. It felt a little like, yes, I have the new shit. Sean: What’s funny to me is that, if you pull way back, isn’t it also kind of weird to have cords coming from your ears? After I used AirPods, I kept looking at other people using regular corded earbuds and thinking that was starting to look a little strange. Maybe AirPods won’t feel so foreign someday soon. Of course, the corded earbuds are a great way of signifying “don’t talk to me,” and we’d lose that. Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Ashley: I didn’t think about that, but it’s true. I’m sure eventually we’ll find wired earbuds weird, but for now, the AirPods definitely stand out. I didn’t mind the extra attention I got on the subway. I figured people would judge me, but I think that’s kind of the point of fashion, like Cam said. They’re challenging to wear, made me look kind of silly, but also made me feel cool and on top of the trends. I’m a believer in the idea that anyone can wear anything they want so long as they own it. You have to fully own the AirPods. By the way, they look great when you take a selfie with the puppy dog filter on Snapchat. So Rebecca and Cam, I’m wondering, do you think it even matters if the AirPods are fashionable? Is Apple such a luxurious and reputable brand that people will buy and sport AirPods regardless of how they look? Does Apple putting its name on a product make it inherently chic? Cam: No. And I think the Apple Watch is absolute proof of that. I don’t think the watch has done particularly well against strong competition in the wearables space and strictly from a fashion perspective it was panned when it first came out. And this was after a ton of advertising, poaching higher-ups from Saint Laurent, Burberry, Nike, and Tag Heuer to work on the dang thing, and a Vogue China cover. I’m probably forgetting some points there, too. But point is: Apple tried really hard to make this a Fashion Thing and it didn’t work. Don’t think the Apple magic is going to make a return just for the AirPods. Rebecca Jennings Rebecca: Completely agree with Cam here. Just because a huge brand like Apple is pushing disembodied headphone sticks doesn’t mean that the capital-F fashion industry is obligated to embrace them. That’s not to say they’ll never become cool organically — as in, on street style or social media — but if the fashion establishment start pushing AirPods like they did the Apple Watch, all they’d be doing is ensuring AirPods get an even more eye-rolly reaction than they already do. Ashley: Cool, so now I have a final question: would you spend $160 on these? Sean: Having covered wireless earbuds on The Verge for a while now, that price tag is actually pretty competitive and almost makes me want to buy them. But like I said in my review, these suckers don’t stay in my ears as well as they should, so I’m stuck waiting for AirPods 2.0. Apple’s industrial designers basically made the choice for me. Cam: I definitely would not spend $160 on these. I had problems using them and avoiding the occasional snag of the headphone cord doesn’t seem worth it at all. Especially when you can bet these will start to get included for free in future releases of the iPhone much like the corded headphones are now. Rebecca: THESE ARE $160?! That is insane, and now I am back to being mad at Apple, which is my usual state of being. I would definitely not spend $160 on these, especially when there’s roughly a 90 percent chance you will lose one of them, or when, as I mentioned before, a crazy person plucks them from your head. Photography by Amelia Holowaty Krales. Apple AirPods review Next Up In Circuit Breaker This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 Seagate plans to release a 16TB hard drive next year The president’s TV remote on Air Force One is the URC MX-3000, and now I feel a little bad Satechi claims its USB-C Power Meter will stop bad cables from killing your gadgets Life would be so much better if I could wash my phone Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 A new mobile game lets you break into a smartphone and uncover its owner’s secrets No, Trump didn't Photoshop his hand to look bigger This Article has a component height of 46. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Apple update stops apps begging for reviews Apple is putting a stop to apps that nag for reviews  Cara McGoogan 25 January 2017 • 6:36pm If constant pop-ups asking you to review the app you're using annoy you then you should upgrade to Apple's latest software.   Ridding iPhones of one of people's biggest bug bears, Apple's next mobile software update stops apps from constantly nagging users to review them in the App Store.  The update, which is currently available to developers, lets users add star ratings to apps within them so they don't have to stop what they're doing. It also prevents apps from asking users for a review more than three times a year, and could let users disable notifications for review requests altogether, according to the Loop.  Gone are the days of constant review requests Credit: What to Expect Prime culprits for review spam include popular apps such as Words with Friends and Duo Lingo. Others such as Tinder have already implemented an in-app review system that ask users to give them a star rating before prompting them to head to the app store for a full write up.  The iOS 10.3 update also includes a new feature for Apple's wireless headphones called "Find My AirPods", and fixes software bugs. Meanwhile iPads are getting a new floating keyboard and users will be able to check the weather for a destination in Maps by 3D touching the screen. And this is iPad's floating keyboard. Both of these are kinda fiddly and awkward and it's not hard to see why they didn't ship as-is pic.twitter.com/YB1q18ei2w— Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) January 25, 2017 On the review front, it also introduces the ability for app developers to respond to comments on the Store directly to their users.  It is currently only available to beta testers, but will be eventually be available to all users.  iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Apps Apple Show more Technology latest 28 Jan 2017, 6:00am How to take a screenshot on Windows, Mac, iPhone and Android 27 Jan 2017, 1:18pm Robotic hearts and drone umbrellas: The best tech of the week 27 Jan 2017, 11:30am Samsung Galaxy S8: Leaked pictures show phone to ditch home button for new all-screen design 27 Jan 2017, 10:12am Emoji for England, Scotland and Wales flags to be released this year  Gallery 27 Jan 2017, 10:12am Gallery: Google's biggest failures: in pictures 26 Jan 2017, 10:58pm Alphabet shares fade as Google phone costs drag on profits 26 Jan 2017, 6:55pm Sage considers sale of UK payments business 26 Jan 2017, 4:53pm Porn blocking legislation to cement internet filtering in UK law 26 Jan 2017, 3:08pm Twitter removes Donald Trump's account from searches for offensive terms 01:03 26 Jan 2017, 2:09pm Magical Harry Potter world comes to life in augmented reality app 26 Jan 2017, 11:55am Donald Trump still using personal Android phone despite potential security risks 26 Jan 2017, 6:55am Real-life Q is a woman, MI6 chief reveals, despite James Bond character always having been played by men 26 Jan 2017, 2:04am Facebook takes aim at 'fake news' with new 'trending' formula Gallery 25 Jan 2017, 4:11pm Gallery: 21 iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about 25 Jan 2017, 10:19am Mark Zuckerberg shoots down rumours of presidential ambitions 25 Jan 2017, 10:08am Pokémon Duel: Follow up to Pokémon Go hits app stores in surprise launch 25 Jan 2017, 9:45am Microsoft: Brexit won't make us pull business in UK 01:33 25 Jan 2017, 6:00am Steve Jobs' rise to fame in 90 seconds 24 Jan 2017, 2:42pm Comment: Streaming has gone from the music industry's problem child to its saviour Monty Munford Premium 24 Jan 2017, 10:12am Samsung mobile phone sales fall to lowest level in five years 24 Jan 2017, 10:01am Bluetooth 'baby on board' app tells Tube passengers to give up seats for pregnant women If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « In Q4 Apple Remained the King of Pure Smartwatch Sales within a Market that Requires a Little Shock Therapy | Main | While Qualcomm is Guilty of Gouging Asian Smartphone OEMs, the Chip Maker Believes that Apple is the Problem » January 25, 2017 Apple takes their War against Qualcomm to Beijing China   Apple takes their war against Qualcomm to China. According to a new report late this morning, Apple has filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing, alleging that the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, Beijing's Intellectual Property Court said in a statement on Wednesday.   According to Fortune, Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm which accused it of failing to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively.   Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics for modem chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year.   Yesterday Nokia sought a cease and desist order against Apple from the U.S. Trade Commission. On Sunday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple's full lawsuit against Qualcomm Comes to Light Revealing Secret Licensing Agreements and more." On Monday we posted a report about Wall Street punishing Qualcomm for suing their number one client. Other reports related to this story are noted below:   January 17, 2017: The U.S. Fair Trade Commission Sues Qualcomm for Forcing Apple to use its Chips in iDevices   January 20, 2017: Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion Claiming Unfair Exclusionary Tactics and Charging Excessive Royalties   December 21, 2016: Apple Files a Major Antitrust Case against Acacia Research Corporation Pointing to a Conspiracy with Nokia Corporation   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on January 25, 2017 at 11:11 AM in 3. Patently Legal , 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month Apple Patent Reveals New MacBook Hinge System with Torsion Bar to Provide Variable Cover Resistance Apple is joining the 'Partnership on AI' to Advance Public Understanding of Artificial Intelligence Technologies Hugo Barra Set to Lead Facebook's Virtual Reality Business Apple's Third Major Folding iPhone Invention has come to Light Illustrating a Dual Fold-Out/Fold-In Form Factor Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple sold more than 15 million iPads last quarter 01/24/2012 at 8:10 PM by Brad Linder Over and over I hear from tablet makers that there’s not really a tablet market yet… there’s an iPad market. While it seems like every day a new Android tablet is announced, nobody is selling as many tablet as Apple yet — and Apple’s numbers just keep growing. The company released its quarterly earnings report today — and announced that Apple sold 15.43 million iPads in the most recent quarter. That’s a 111 percent increase over the same period a year earlier. Apple also sold 37.04 million iPhones, 15.4 million iPods, and 5.2 million Macs. While the iPod number actually represents a 21 percent decline from a year ago, the rest of the numbers are way up and Apple had its most profitable quarter ever. If there’s one company that industry watchers expected to have an impact on iPad sales, it’s Amazon. The Amazon Kindle Fire hit the streets in November, and while the $199 tablet doesn’t have all of the iPad’s features, it does sell for less than half the price. Amazon also has popular digital music, movie, book, and app stores which give the Kindle Fire a bit of an edge over many other Android tablets. While there are indications that Amazon has sold “millions” of tablets, the company hasn’t released exact sales figures — and Apple CEO Tim Cook says he hasn’t seen any indication that the launch of the Kindle Fire helped or hurt iPad sales at all. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Latest News Windows 10 gets new gaming features with Insider Preview Build 15019 The latest preview of Windows 10 for members of the Windows Insider Preview … [Read More...] Reports: Samsung Galaxy S8 launching March 29th, featuring brand new design Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone may have been a bit of a disaster, but the … [Read More...] In a perfect world Satechi’s new USB Type-C Power Meter wouldn’t be necessary… ... but we don't live in a perfect world. Over the past few years we've seen … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (1-27-2017) Lenovo's IdeaPad 710S is a compact 13 inch notebook that typically sells for … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Mossberg: What’s up with Firefox, the browser that time forgot? Mozilla is finally focused on revitalizing the once-beloved product. by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg Jan 25, 2017, 9:00am EST tweet share Linkedin mozilla.org Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, executive editor at The Verge and editor at large of Recode. Until about five years ago, techies and others who wanted a speedier, extensible, more privacy-oriented web browser on their desktops often immediately downloaded Mozilla's Firefox to use instead of Internet Explorer on Windows or Safari on the Mac. But those days seem long ago. Firefox is hardly discussed today, and its usage has cratered from a high of over 30 percent of the desktop browser market in 2010 to about 12 percent today, according to Mozilla, citing stats from NetMarketShare. (Various other analytics firms put the share as low as 10 percent or as high as 15 percent.) And Firefox’s share on mobile devices is even worse, at under 1 percent, according to the same firm. Today, the go-to browser is Google’s Chrome, which, according to NetMarketShare, has over a 50 percent share on both desktop and mobile. Mozilla wakes up After years of neglecting Firefox, misreading mobile users and putting most of its chips on a failed phone project, Mozilla says it is working hard to get Firefox off the mat. Mozilla says it is working hard to get Firefox off the mat. “In many ways, we went through a time that you don’t get to survive,” said Mark Mayo, senior vice president for Firefox and a member of Mozilla’s decision-making steering committee. “Somehow we’re not dead ... and it feels like we’re picking up speed and figuring out what to do.” He admits that Firefox has fallen behind Chrome, Microsoft’s Edge and Apple’s Safari, but says the company is executing with total focus on a plan to reverse that. “For several years, we have not been spending the effort we would normally spend on the flagship product,” Mayo concedes. “Firefox didn’t get better along with the competition.” Why Firefox is different Now, he says, the company has embraced the proposition that “it kind of makes no sense to be us and not have the best browser.” That’s because for Mozilla, which is controlled by a foundation of the same name, Firefox is its main product. The two names are inseparable in many peoples’ minds. And an open, vibrant web — as opposed to a world of apps and social media and search controlled by a few companies — is its main philosophical concern. That last bit may sound like idealistic claptrap, but it’s always been core to Mozilla’s mission. Mayo says he fears that big companies like Google and Apple don’t care whether roaming the open internet is subsumed by launching apps or by the act of searching. But, he says, Firefox does. “Everyone else builds a browser for defensive reasons,” said Mayo. “We build one because we love browsers.” A little good news The company brags that Firefox is finally showing signs of growth. It claims — without revealing the exact figures — that its daily and monthly active users metric grew in 2016 for the first time in four years, by “high single digits.” And it has been paying more attention to mobile browsing. In late 2015, it finally brought out Firefox for iOS, after years of refusing to do so because Apple requires all iPhone and iPad browsers to use its own Safari engine under the hood. The reason, Mayo said, was that Mozilla realized that iOS users surf the web much more than their more numerous Android-using counterparts. In November, Mozilla introduced a second iOS browser: Firefox Focus. It’s a stripped-down app that automatically blocks all trackers as you move around the web. It grew out of a tracker-blocker the company had built for Safari. I find Focus snappy and dead simple to use. Whatever you think of Firefox, if you’re an iOS user, Focus is worth a try. A healthy, widely-used web matters. The company has also relaunched something called Test Pilot, a home for experimental add-ons that change the desktop browser experience. For instance, one add-on places the tabs down the side instead of across the top. And Firefox’s privacy mode doesn’t just block cookies, it blocks trackers, on some pages leaving blank spaces where elements containing trackers were placed. But Mayo admits that, while the worst of the bleeding may have stopped, the current usage is precarious. He says the minimal viable position would be a solid 15 percent share, at least on the desktop, and an unspecified uptick on mobile. The “aspirational” goal, he says, would be around 20 percent on the desktop. Mozilla reports that it’s in the black, although its financials are different from those of a normal company because of the nonprofit foundation to which it is tied. And, it has a lucrative search deal with Yahoo that will pay it handsomely even if Verizon completes its takeover of Yahoo. What happened? So how did Mozilla get into the weak position from which it must now rebuild? Essentially, the company spent three years, from 2013 through 2015, wandering down a blind trail and taking Firefox for granted. It was almost entirely focused on trying to sell a new, web-based mobile operating system (Firefox OS) for cheap phones in developing countries, taking on the Android juggernaut. It failed, and Mayo says it took the focus off of Firefox. “It was close to a bet-the-farm effort,” he said. (Side note: This plan never made much sense to me. In fact, in a 2013 onstage interview about the new direction with Mozilla’s then-CEO, my very first question was simply: “What the f**k”?) On top of that, the company endured turmoil in its management ranks. When Mozilla returned its focus to Firefox, it had to devote all of 2016 to just catching up on things like running each tab in its own process, so a crash in one wouldn't crash the whole browser. Competing browsers already had this technology. In my experience, Firefox today is still only a meh product. Sometimes, it can be very fast, on both Mac and Windows. But often, it lags a bit and has trouble with heavy, ad-laden sites. Still, at least for me, its competitors have their own flaws, so there’s an opportunity. For instance, Chrome too often taxes the resources of my laptops, slowing things down. The task ahead Building Firefox into a real contender will take a lot more work, and Mayo concedes that parts of the plan won’t be visible to users until later this year. Still, Mozilla claims that it “aims to pass Chrome on key performance measures that matter by end of year.” To do that, the company is betting on something called Project Quantum, a new under-the-hood browsing engine that will replace big chunks of Mozilla’s ancient Gecko engine. In an October blog post by David Bryant, head of platform engineering, the company claimed this: “We are striving for performance gains from Quantum that will be so noticeable that your entire web experience will feel different. Pages will load faster, and scrolling will be silky smooth. Animations and interactive apps will respond instantly, and be able to handle more intensive content while holding consistent frame rates. And the content most important to you will automatically get the highest priority, focusing processing power where you need it the most.” Another cornerstone for the new Firefox is a project called the Context Graph that aims to use an enhanced browser history to replace navigational search. The idea is to use differential privacy — the same kind of privacy-respecting machine learning that Apple uses — to suggest places on the web to go for particular needs, rather than getting navigational answers from search. Mayo calls this “navigation by browser, not Google” and declares: “Navigation in the browser has been stagnant for a decade and we’re not going to stand for that.” Both of these projects are aimed squarely at mobile versions of Firefox as well as the desktop version, Mayo says, though he notes that, under Apple’s current policies, the new Quantum engine — like other third-party browser engines — wouldn’t be permitted on iOS. Bottom Line I have no idea if Mozilla can rescue Firefox and make it into something special again. And I’m not a foe of apps and search, or of Google and Apple. But I’m rooting for Firefox, because I think the big platform companies, for whom the browser isn’t a central product anymore, need competition. And I think a healthy, widely-used web matters. Subscribe to the Recode Newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Go recode_divider More From Recode Snap plans to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week One of China’s largest online retailers is adding dozens of drone delivery routes to rural villages in 2017 Mark Zuckerberg is ‘concerned’ by President Trump’s immigration proposals Mark Zuckerberg is dropping his Hawaiian land lawsuits, calling them ‘a mistake’ The Google Car was supposed to disrupt the car industry. Now Waymo is taking on suppliers. Full transcript: Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times columnist and best-selling author Tom Friedman Trending Snap plans to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week The Google Car was supposed to disrupt the car industry. Now Waymo is taking on suppliers. Mobile search and YouTube are still driving Google’s growth. What about hardware? Mark Zuckerberg is dropping his Hawaiian land lawsuits, calling them ‘a mistake’ Sundar Pichai makes the case for Google versus Alexa More Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 39. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Snapchat Social IPO Snap plans to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week by Kara Swisher@karaswisher The social communications company’s current valuation is $25 billion, said sources. Drones E-commerce Delivery One of China’s largest online retailers is adding dozens of drone delivery routes to rural villages in 2017 by April Glaser@aprilaser Drones aren’t expected to start regularly delivering packages in the U.S. until 2020. Facebook Politics President Trump Mark Zuckerberg is ‘concerned’ by President Trump’s immigration proposals by Kurt Wagner Zuck speaks! Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg is dropping his Hawaiian land lawsuits, calling them ‘a mistake’ by Kurt Wagner Zuckerberg is trying to formally acquire a 700-acre plot on the island of Kauai, but angered his new neighbors. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple sues Qualcomm in Beijing seeking 1 billion yuan By Reuters Published: 13:06 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 13:06 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Diane Bartz WASHINGTON, Jan 25 (Reuters) - Apple Inc filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc in Beijing, alleging the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, Beijing's Intellectual Property Court said in a statement on Wednesday. Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm which accused it of failing to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In an emailed statement, Qualcomm said it had not yet seen the full complaints against it filed in the Chinese court. But Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said Qualcomm had offered Apple the same terms as other customers after a 2015 regulatory ruling in China and that his firm would defend its business model in Chinese courts. "These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology," Rosenberg said in the statement. "Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them." The lawsuits follow a decision by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to file a complaint on Jan. 17 in which it accused Qualcomm of using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly of a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Apple followed with a related lawsuit last Friday. It asked a federal court in California for $1 billion in promised rebates and accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips. Qualcomm did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The company said previously that it would contest both the FTC and the Apple lawsuit filed in the United States. The chip maker faces legal challenges across the globe. South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. (Reporting by Diane Bartz Additional reporting by Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     Here Are New Features In IOS 10.3 Posted: Jan 25 2017, 10:32am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Apple     The wait is over. Today Apple has given the first beta release of iOS 10.3 to developers all around the world. we now have an idea of what the software may actually be like when it will be available for consumer use after the conclusion of the beta process. Don't Miss: All Super Bowl 2017 Facts: Teams, Halftime Show, Ads and more This update has numerous changes. For the very first time you will be able to use the latest Apple File system. Many changes were made in the first beta so it would not be surprising to see many additional changes in the beta process. However another possibility is that many of these changes won’t be there before the final release. Nevertheless below are some features you will be able to find when you download the software on your iPhone or iPad. • Find my AirPods You will now be able to relate why the popular app which was able to locate AirPods was removed from the App Store. This facility is absolutely amazing and you won’t have to worry about losing your earphones again. • Siri Updates on Cricket Scores Cricket fans are in for a treat. You can be updated on major tournaments and the Indian Premier League through your favourite assistant Siri. • Additional Siri kit Enhancements The SiriKit is highly capable now. It can pay bills, schedule taxi rides with apps such as Uber and many other facilities are included. • Reduce Motion in Safari Have you ever found yourself in a tight situation with motion effects while browsing the web? Well this update gives you support for Reduce Motion Preference in Safari. • Widget For Podcast App This App now features widgets which can be used on iPhones and iPads. • App Shortcuts for CarPlay Many people use CarPlay for their entertainment systems. The good news for those users is that you can now make use of app shortcuts for the recently used apps. You will skip jumping back to the Home Screen • HomeKit Enhancements Apple has finally improved its HomeKit. It is now supports programmable switch accessories. • APFS The iPhone and iPad for the very first time will be able to make use of the Apple File system with this new iOS update. This system has been working on Mac for quite some time in its beta version but the 10.3 release will introduce it to the iPhone and iPad. • Additional Security Section in Settings App The Settings App will now feature a user profile and security section • Maps App Includes Hourly Weather Forecast via 3D Touch You can now use 3D Touch to click on the weather Icon found in the Maps app. You will be updated on the hourly forecast of your area. • In-App Reviews And Ratings The iOS 10.3 allows users to be able to leave reviews and ratings within the App. You wont have to go to the App Store anymore. Once the full version is released the developer will be able to respond to these reviews too. • Color-coded iCloud Storage This has been added in the Settings app as a color-coded usage meter for iCloud Storage. With all these inclusions you might have noticed the much rumored ‘theatre mode’ has not been included in the 10.3. We have not seen it in the beta 1 seed but we can’t say if Apple goes on to include it in the future 10.3 beta releases. Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The New iOS 10.3 Features A Hidden Floating iPad Keyboard 16 hours ago, 10:50am CST How To Jailbreak iOS 10.2 [Tutorial] 16 hours ago, 10:11am CST The Yalu iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Source Code Is Out 18 hours ago, 9:00am CST Geek Builds iPhone SE Jenga Tower 21 hours ago, 5:46am CST Apple expected to report record earnings on January 31, 2017 1 day ago, 5:40am CST NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 3 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 6 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 6 hours ago Time Crystals: New Form of Matter Created 6 hours ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 7 hours ago New Study Reveals 1 in 4 Adults and 1 in 10 Teens in US Still Use Tobacco 7 hours ago Ford SmartLink Provides Older Cars Modem Connectivity Features 8 hours ago Apollo 1: NASA Honors Fallen Astronauts 8 hours ago Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 To Buy Now NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated Apple The New iOS 10.3 Features A Hidden Floating iPad Keyboard 16 hours ago, 10:50am CST How To Jailbreak iOS 10.2 [Tutorial] 16 hours ago, 10:11am CST The Yalu iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Source Code Is Out 18 hours ago, 9:00am CST Geek Builds iPhone SE Jenga Tower 21 hours ago, 5:46am CST More Apple Stories Latest News NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 3 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 6 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
null
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Computer Monitor Forum Apple Cinema Display 27" Monitor, anyone using it on a Windows PC? User Name Remember Me? Password Computer Monitor Forum IPS Panels, Brands, Ultra HD, G-Sync, 144Hz, FreeSync it all is monitor related. This is the place where you can discuss all monitor related matters. Find help and information about high resolutions and refresh rates, VGA ti Display port connectors. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Apple Cinema Display 27" Monitor, anyone using it on a Windows PC?   (#1) MikeG Member Guru   Videocard: Nvidia Titan X Pascal Processor: i7 6700 3.4 ghz Mainboard: AsRock H110M-DGS Memory: DDR4 16gb Crucial Soundcard: Onboard PSU: Cooler Master 750 Apple Cinema Display 27" Monitor, anyone using it on a Windows PC? - 01-25-2017, 18:44 | posts: 149 | Location: Calif I've got one hooked up to my Windows 10 system listed below. (The system listed to the left is my other PC with a different monitor.) And I wondered if anyone else has used the Apple monitor on a Windows desktop or laptop. And any problems you had getting it to work right. Or other 27" or larger Apple monitor. Mine started up fine and looks good in games although not as vivid as some non Apple monitors. That's because contrast and other settings are quite a hassle or even not possible to get installed on a Win PC for Apple standalone monitors. Except for brightness control software, I've got that installed and working OK. I may fiddle with the Nvidia Control Panel to adjust the contrast if it will even have any effect. ----------------------- i7 3820 3.6ghz || Gtx 1080 || Win 7 Pro || Asus P9 X79 || DDR3 16gb Corsair || WD HD 1tb || Onboard Sound || Cooler Master 650W || 27" Apple Cinema Display 2560 by 1440 Last edited by MikeG; 01-25-2017 at 18:48.     MikeG View Public Profile Find all posts by MikeG   « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Future iPhones could make bendable displays a reality Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Over the past few months, there have been no shortage of rumors pointing to Apple’s flagship iPhone 8 featuring a wraparound OLED display. Furthermore, it’s widely believed that Apple, in an effort to minimize the size of the iPhone’s bezels, has even come up with a way to integrate various sensors into the display itself. This of course is welcome and exciting news for existing iPhone owners, especially considering that Apple’s iPhone design has more or less remained the same since 2014. Don't Miss: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close That said, a wraparound OLED display may only be the beginning of Apple’s exploration into new and compelling form factors. According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, Apple is currently researching the possibility of using flexible LCD screens in future iPhone models. This, too, would enable Apple to roll out iPhone models with curved and bendable displays. The battle to produce flexible smartphone screens is heating up with an entry from an Apple Inc. supplier in Japan that says it can reduce the cost by adapting existing technology. Japan Display Inc. said Wednesday it plans start providing flexible liquid-crystal-display panels in 2018, part of the financially stressed company’s effort to come back against South Korean competition. One point worth noting is that the aforementioned flexible LCD screens are comprised of plastic but still aren’t as bendable OLED panels. Nonetheless, Japan Display’s ongoing research into the technology underscores that Apple is keen on completely revamping the look and feel of future iPhone models. The report indicates that mass production on the flexible LCD screens isn’t slated to begin until 2018. Incidentally, it’s worth noting that Apple’s consideration of flexible LCD screens may have something to do with what will likely be a supply shortage of flexible OLED panels. All that said, don’t expect to see a foldable iPhone from Apple anytime soon. As we’ve seen over the past few years, Apple isn’t exactly in a rush to completely turn the standard smartphone form factor on its head. Not to worry, though, Samsung will reportedly release the world’s first foldable smartphone later this year. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores NES Classic Edition bundles back in stock at GameStop See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 82° Scattered Clouds Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Thunderstorms. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms early, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 77F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 5:54 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News An apple falls in the eye of the GMO storm Caitlin Dewey | The Washington Post Jan 26, 2017 Updated Jan 26, 2017 (…) After years of development, protest and regulatory red tape, the first genetically modified, non-browning apples will soon go on sale in the United States. The fruit, sold sliced and marketed under the brand Arctic Apple, could hit a cluster of Midwestern grocery stores as early as Feb. 1. The limited release is an early test run for the controversial apple, which has been genetically modified to eliminate the browning that occurs when an apple is left out in the open air. Critics and advocates of genetic engineering say the apple could be a turning point in the nation's highly polarizing debate over genetically modified organisms (GMOs). While genetic modifications have in the past been mainly defended as a way to protect crops, the Artic Apple would be one of the first GMOs marketed directly to consumers as more convenient. Apple could open the market to other GMO fruits and veggies Industry executives predict the apple could open a whole new trade in genetically engineered produce, potentially opening the market to pink pineapples, antioxidant-enriched tomatoes and other food in development. "We see this as less about genetic modification and more about convenience," said Neal Carter, founder of the company that makes the Arctic Apple. "I think consumers are very ready for apples that don't go brown. Everyone can identify with that 'yuck' factor." Most Americans already consume a large number of GMOs GMO critics say they are hopeful, however, that consumers will continue to show skepticism about the produce. Despite a growing consensus in scientific circles that GMOs pose little risk, environmental and consumer groups have successfully mounted campaigns against GMOs over the past 30 years, successfully limiting the practice to commodity crops such as soybeans and corn. Most Americans already consume a large number of GMOs or GMO-derived ingredients every day. Ninety percent of all corn and soybeans grown in the United States are engineered to improve agricultural efficiency and withstand frequent pesticide applications. The resulting corn and soy are frequently fed to animals intended for human consumption, or routed into such processed foods as cornstarch, corn meal, corn syrup, soybean oil, soy lethicin and dozens of other derivatives. Online Poll How concerned are you about the shortage of construction, health care and other skilled workers? You voted: Very concerned Somewhat concerned Not concerned at all Vote View Results Back Forum Adios to a proponent of 'One Guam' Post News Staff Jan 27, 2017 Rear Adm. “Bette” Bolivar has been a familiar face on Guam for more than two years, as she joined local events and helped to improve ties between the local community and the military personnel and their families. Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Tenorio getting hitched Local fitness guru Tony Morrison dies at 46 GW alumni to commemorate 50th anniversary A different kind of ball game for Miss Universe Guam Victim recounts shooting Yigo raid uncovers drugs, unregistered guns Suspect sought in $30,000 watch heist General notes Guam's 'over the top' patriotism Tenorio wedding set for Sunday Airport alleges corruption in contract Images Videos Classified Ads Other In search of experienced management professional The Pacific Island Health Officers Association is seeking… Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Tech Talk & Innovation advertorial 2017 looking bright for small business owners Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 28 min ago Travel advertorial 5 family-friendly cities you should visit in 2017 Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 28 min ago Health & Wellness advertorial 3 myths and misconeptions about chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C) [Infographic] Brandpoint (BPT) 18 hrs ago Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse How CEVA Will Benefit From The Apple/Qualcomm Litigation Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 25, 2017 12:29pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Expectations High For Apple, Facebook, Amazon Ahead Of Earnings (Investor's Business Daily) Related CEVA 10 Stocks That Rallied Three Days On No News 11 Stocks Which Rallied Three Days On Increasing Volume CEVA, Inc.(NASDAQ: CEVA) would be an indirect beneficiary of the legal spat between Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM), according to a note from Benchmark. Qualcomm Vs. Intel: Thin Modems The Apple-Qualcomm litigation suggests souring relations between the two companies, and the iPhone maker could procure more thin modems from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC). This potential move would benefit CEVA, as Intel’s thin modems utilize CEVA’s DSP (digital signal processor), while Qualcomm’s thin modems do not. Intel and Qualcomm are the two primary thin cellular modem suppliers for Apple’s various iPhone 7 models. Qualcomm’s modems power CDMA versions, while Intel’s modems are used in GSM/non-CDMA networks. CEVA To Maintain, Gain Market Share “With the suit pitting Qualcomm and Apple against one another, and as validated with AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T)’s October certification of Intel’s 4th generation modem, it is likely CEVA will maintain or gain market share when Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone is launched next fall,” analyst Gary Mobley wrote in a note. Mobley pointed out that the fourth-generation Intel XMM7480 modem now supports CDMA networks, accomplished via the acquisition of VIA Telecom. The analyst believes Intel could gain share at Apple despite delivering only about half the downlink speed versus comparable Qualcomm modems. “While the Intel modems has about half the downlink speeds as the comparable generation Qualcomm modem, speed are sufficient for Apple’s needs, and the 4th -gen Intel modem handles 33 LTE bands as well as the necessary envelop tracking,” Mobley explained. Analyst's Estimates Mobley estimates that Apple most likely bought $500 million–$800 million worth of Intel thin modems in 2016, which would translate into $5 million–$8 million in royalties for CEVA. This in turn could bring about $0.25 in non-GAAP EPS for CEVA, based on the midpoint. In fact, CEVA could more than double its royalties generated from Intel if Qualcomm loses all share at Apple for the iPhone 8 (10th anniversary). At last check, shares of CEVA had risen 3.42 percent to $36.30, close to its 52-week high of $36.81. Mobley has a Buy rating on the stock, with price target of $40. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Barclays Downgrades Overweight Equal-Weight Jan 2017 OTR Global Downgrades Negative Jan 2017 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage On Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas News Price Target Reiteration Legal Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + CEVA) JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 26 What Will Alibaba Do With MoneyGram? Qualcomm's Legal Issues Not Likely To Interrupt NXP Takeover Apple's Customers Will Pay A Premium For Made-In-USA Phone, Analyst Suggests View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 RBS, POT: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 ESRX, UNH: Could Pharmacy Benefit Managers Be Trump's Next Target? 3 DRYS: Why Is DryShips Allowed To Keep Reverse Splitting? 4 WYNN, WKHS: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 5 TKPYY, SGYP: Takeda's Speculative Interest In... 6 ECA, COG: The Sectors Hedge Funds Are Mo... 7 QCOM, INTC: 15 Stocks To Watch F... 1 RAD: Technical Alert: Rite-Aid Distances Itself From Takeout Price By Walgreen's 2 PER, LTRX: Mid-Day Market Update: Crude Oil Down 2%; Stonegate Mortgage Shares... 3 JNPR, CSCO: Juniper Shares Slammed Following Q4 Results; Deutsche Bank... 4 JCP: Technical Alert: JC Penney Makes New Low For Move 5 PYPL, AMZN: PayPal's Q4: An Analyst's Likes And... 6 GOOG, GOOGL: Google CEO: The Very Concept Of Th... 7 GPN: 5 Reasons Cantor Fitzgerald Is... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Sectors Hedge Funds Are Most Bullish And Bearish On To Start 2017 Cara Therapeutics Continues To March Higher
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release NV Energy Announces Solar Agreement with Apple By Published: Jan 25, 2017 12:30 p.m. ET Share LAS VEGAS, Jan. 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- NV Energy and Apple announced today they have reached an agreement to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy in Nevada by early 2019. The projects will support Apple's renewable energy needs for its Reno data center.  In the coming weeks, NV Energy will file an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada (PUCN) to enter into a power purchase agreement (PPA) for the solar power plant. The project will bring NV Energy's total to more than 529 megawatts of new solar resources in construction in Nevada or under review for approval. This is in addition to the 491 megawatts of universal solar resources in Nevada currently serving NV Energy customers. Apple will also dedicate up to 5 megawatts of power to NV Energy's future subscription solar program for residential and commercial customers. "We are proud to play a role in helping Apple meet their energy needs with Nevada's abundant solar resource," said Paul Caudill, president and CEO of NV Energy. "In partnership with our customers, we continue to develop a more balanced fuel mix in a way that benefits the local economy by providing hundreds of jobs for Nevadans, particularly those in the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers local 357 and 396, and advances the state's policy goals."  "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100 percent renewable energy across all our operations," said Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives Lisa Jackson. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses." Currently, NV Energy customers are served by more than 1,900 megawatts of renewable resources in Nevada, including 19 geothermal energy resources, 13 solar energy facilities, six hydro plants, one large wind farm and a variety of biomass, methane and other renewable energy projects. NV Energy, Inc., provides a wide range of energy services to 1.3 million customers throughout Nevada and more than 40 million tourists annually. NV Energy is a holding company whose principal subsidiaries, Nevada Power Company and Sierra Pacific Power Company, do business as NV Energy. NV Energy is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. Information about NV Energy is available on the company's website, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube pages, which can be accessed via nvenergy.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nv-energy-announces-solar-agreement-with-apple-300396620.html SOURCE NV Energy Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Press Esc to close Saturday 28 January 2017 News updated at 2:46 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 29.2°C Min : 16.7°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper   Kitchen  Breaking News Four get life-term, one acquitted in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case     Next Story Biocon bags Rs 460 cr contract Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Apple presents blueprint to set up base in India Apple presents blueprint to set up base in India Jan 26, 2017,New Delhi, DHNS Seeking to set up a manufacturing base in India, US-based iPhone maker Apple has made a detailed presentation to the government officials. In a brief statement after the meeting, Apple said that it appreciates the constructive and open dialogue with the government about further expansion and local operations. Among other things, Apple has been demanding relaxation in local outsourcing norms to start production in India. Earlier, the government had relaxed norms on 30% mandatory production on Indian soil. It had also relaxed sourcing regime for another five years for entities undertaking single brand retail trading of products having ‘state-of-art’ and ‘cutting edge’ technology. The California-based company had then pleaded to the government that it had cutting-edge technology and hence it should be given relaxation. The company enjoys similar relation in China. Apple has been eyeing India, the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, ever since it saw sale dip in the US and China. But the government has been reluctant in giving the company favours, which other smartphone makers do not enjoy on Indian soil. Open mind Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had recently said that India would consider with an “open mind” if Apple presented a structured request. “We would very much like Apple to come and have a base in India. They have a base in China, and China is under stress. If a structured request comes from them, we will surely consider it with a open mind,” Prasad had said.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Samsung blames batteries for exploding smartphones BSE organizes Bull Run 2017 on Sunday morning South Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir China's Xi: globalisation not to blame Samsung boss awaits judge's call on his arrest 2017: credit ratings outlook never worse UK's May: UK to leave EU single market Volkswagen to pay $4.3 billion VW reaches multi-billion dollar U.S. settlement Videos Vinay Katiyar's controversial statement on Priyanka Gandhi... UK PM promises Brexit White Paper Shah Rukh Khan HATES WHAT R-Day flower show draws big crowds Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Cong is a 'thing of the past', people should not trust it:Modi 2.Trump set to impose ban on immigration from Muslim countries 3.Trump calls Modi, gets India invite 4.Raids on Cong leader, minister yield Rs 162 cr 5.Preliminary probe launched into allegations of irregularities against Kejriwal 1.Edifices of togetherness 2.A date with history 3.Oxford college for priests calls for gender-neutral God 4.Sustaining renewable in the long run 5.Govt to roll out Aadhar Pay for cashless transactions 1. All praises for Deepika 2. Demonetisation may usher in the era of cashless healthcare 3. Opening collections: SRK beats Hrithik in box office battle 4. Bengaluru: I-T unearths black money deals worth Rs 200 crore 5. Trump's inauguration cake a rip-off of Obama's cake: chef Photo Gallery British Prime Minister Theresa May lays a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington... Spain's Rafael Nadal celebrates after defeating Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov during their semifinal... Army soldiers at rescue work in Gurez sector where an incident of severe avalanche took place... Artists perform Telangana's traditional Gusadi dance at the 7th edition of LitFest in Hyderabad... P V Sindhu in action in Syed Modi International Badminton Championship match at Babu Babarasi Das... BSF soldiers mounted on camels participate in full dress rehearsal for the Beating Retreat... Tri-services bands participate in full dress rehearsal for the Beating Retreat ceremony... AICC Vice-President Rahul Gandhi with Congress in-charge of Punjab Asha Kumar... Karni Sena activists protest against the shooting of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's upconimg film... An arrested Indian fishermen looks out at a lock up at a police station in Karachi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Analyst: Apple Pay usage grew 50% in 2016 Analyst: Apple Pay usage grew 50% in 2016 January 25, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple doesn’t usually reveal numbers in regards to Apple Pay usage, however consumer spending analytics company TXN has pulled data from over three million customers. It says that analysts who specialize in credit card bills from banks note that Apple Pay usage grew 50% in 12 months, ending in December 2016. TXN has also revealed that Duane Reade and Whole Foods are the most popular retail locations using the payment method, with 1.8% and 1.7% usage of overall transactions, respectively. All other retailers have Apple Pay transaction under 1%. Apple Pay usage in mobile apps and on the web is much higher, however. With HotelTonight leading with 3.4% usage, followed by Caviar, Postmates and DoorDash. As Apple Pay continues to grow, and as Apple themselves continue to support it in more of its devices, we expect usage to continue to rise. Tags: analyst, Apple Pay About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds first macOS 10.12.4 beta to developers WSJ: Apple looking into flexible display tech for future iPhones → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 iOS 7 released, go download! 10 PhoneDog How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 unlimited plan for a limited time US Cellular announces updated prepaid plans LG G6 appears in another leaked image Kyocera rafre is new Android phone that you can wash with foaming soap Do you carry a standalone camera? NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2015) now receiving SHIELD Experience 5.0 with Android Nougat Android And Me LG Watch Style leak offers clear images You can wash the Kyocera rafre with Sprint rolls out limited time $50 unlimited Top 10 Android app updates this week: Japan Display announces flexible 5.5-inch NVIDIA SHIELD TV 2015 now getting the TmoNews T-Mobile ZTE ZMAX Pro software update T-Mobile Tuesdays to offer free food Samsung Galaxy S8 shows itself in new T-Mobile deploys permanent LTE network BLU Vivo XL2 launches with 5.5-inch T-Mobile sweetens AT&T switcher deal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is considering 'bendable' screens for future iPhones Kif Leswing Jan. 25, 2017, 11:57 AM 2,651 facebook linkedin twitter email print A concept idea of what the iPhone 8 could look like.YouTube/ConceptsiPhone Apple is changing the screen technology that goes into its iPhones, and its Asian suppliers are fiercely competing to win the large contracts to build tens of millions of screens. Although recent Apple rumors have surrounded OLED, a next-generation screen technology with deeper blacks, Japan Display, a current Apple supplier, says that its new, competing "flexible liquid-crystal-display panel" technology will be ready by 2018. In fact, Apple is "looking" at the new bendable LCD technology for future iPhone models, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a person familiar with the matter.  The bendable LCD technology may be able to be bent or curved around the edges of a phone, like Samsung's Galaxy Edge line of devices, which is a design that Apple is expected to implement in future models. That isn't possible with current LCDs, which requires a piece of glass.    iPhone 8 and beyond  Samsung's Galaxy Edge has a slightly curved screen.Flickr/Răzvan Băltărețu Apple is expected to launch a redesigned iPhone this fall that uses a new OLED screen as its centerpiece. Rumors from analysts and media suggest that it will have slim bezels, wireless charging, and its fingerprint sensor integrated under the screen.  Samsung won the contract to be Apple's sole OLED supplier earlier this year, but its rivals, including Japan Display, are still fighting to build the capacity to supply Apple in 2018 and going forward. That suggests if there aren't enough OLED screens, Apple might decide to go with a different technology after the so-called "iPhone 8." Aside from Japan Display, Foxconn subsidiary Sharp is also in the running to build iPhone screens. Foxconn's chairman talked about building a US display plant in public earlier this week. Sharp's CEO has described Apple's struggle to secure enough screens as a "crisis." "We don't know whether Apple's OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn't walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity," Sharp President Tai Jeng-Wu said in November.   SEE ALSO: A top Foxconn exec talked about the iPhone 8 in a public speech More: Apple iPhone 8 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is considering 'bendable' screens for future iPhones Apple is considering 'bendable' screens for future iPhones Apple is changing the screen technology that... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         How many mobile payment apps do you have on your phone? Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | January 25, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Paying for things with your smartphone is starting to get easier, but not necessarily for the reasons some companies might like. Apple keeps expanding support for Apple Pay in more banks and credit unions, while retail and restaurant rollout is on a much slower trajectory. Google's Android Pay, another major player, still needs to get a lot more attention from banking establishments, but its availability at places to buy things seems to be pretty solid. There's still a lot of room to grow, but thankfully the companies that want to make mobile payments a thing have laid a stable groundwork. It's adoption that they, and those who want to use their phones (or smartwatches) to pay for things, are waiting for at this point. Apple, for its part, would very much like it if all those businesses out there, from restaurants to retailers, adopted Apple Pay as the go-to option for customers. Google, I'm sure, is just happy to have a viable alternative (at least for now). But that's not how things are going, it seems. Instead, it's going the "classic route," where mobile payments are dominated not by a single, or even a couple of options, but instead by a whole bunch of them. Apple Pay wasn't the first, but ever since Apple rolled out its mobile payment option, the market has decided to double down. The trouble is that most of these options are single-use cases. While Apple Pay, Android Pay, and Samsung Pay, all try to offer use cases at a variety of different locations, things like Walmart Pay just want you to have an option right there in store. But Walmart doesn't want to leave it up to Apple, or Google, or even technically Samsung. They want you to use their thing, too. Recently it was revealed that Target, another big-box retail chain, is also planning on launching its own mobile payment option. It doesn't have a name yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's called Target Pay -- because why not? And, as you might expect, it's another app you're going to need on your phone that already supports Apple or Android Pay. Apps are ubiquitous at this point, though, so it's probably a safe bet that someone who shops at Target, even on a semi-regular basis, probably has the retailer's app on their phone, too. Integrating a means to checkout, all from the app, probably makes sense to the company. The question I have is this: Is it better than nothing? I hate using my cards anymore, even if they are more secure thanks to being chip-enabled. The wait time for the terminal to process the transaction is annoying, and using my phone to pay for something anymore is just a lot easier. Target supports Apple Pay in its iOS app, but apparently the retailer doesn't plan on supporting the mobile payment option in its stores, so maybe launching its own is better than not having it at all. But that announcement did make me curious. How many different mobile payment options do you have on your phone right now, including the stock one? A quick look at my phone shows that I've got four. Do you have more than one? Do you use all of them on a regular basis? Or are you still not using mobile payments? Let me know! Apple Apple Pay Samsung Samsung Pay Google Android Android Pay Apple Google Samsung Previous ArticleDo you carry a standalone camera? Next ArticleAre you still playing Super Mario Run? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts HTC says that it's not working on an Android Wear smartwatch Will Samsung be the one to flourish the "Phone-to-PC" concept? Target will launch its own mobile payment service later this year Verizon launches Unlimited Together plan for international calling View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 8 hours 10 min ago 1 shares 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 4 days 16 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 5 days 8 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 1 week 4 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of Sprint News How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill T-Mobile News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung Verizon Wireless Comcast aiming to launch wireless How much data do you use per month? Verizon launches Unlimited Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Report reveals insights into Apple’s… Apple moving international iTunes operations… HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update:… Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in… iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… Using the Digital Crown to peek at your Apple… Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: MailButler Professional, Lifetime… Daily Deal: Private Internet Access VPN,… Daily Deal: Flux 6, Lifetime License Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree… Daily Deal: FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth… Daily Deal: SelectTV by FreeCast, 1-Yr Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India By Dan Pye ● 3 days ago After a meeting with Apple representatives today, a government official in India said an agreement to get the company to open manufacturing facilities in the country is “almost a done deal,” The Wall Street Journal reports. Despite earlier concerns that offering concessions to Apple would prove too costly and bring little benefit to the country, an official with direct knowledge of the negotiations now claims, “Many of the incentives sought by Apple are workable.” Apple has requested a 15-year tax holiday on the duties usually collected on imported components and equipment to open up shop in India. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been actively working to draw foreign investment in India, and a top bureaucrat in Modi’s office said the government intends to “settle with Apple.” For Apple’s part, a company spokeswoman said only, “We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we’ve had with [the] government about further expanding our local operations.” Comments « Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Daily Deal: Private Internet Access VPN, 2-yr subscription » Related Stories Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Pokémon Duel released for iOS Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple May Be Removing Bad LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews By Adnan Farooqui on 01/25/2017 08:35 PST Apple introduced the LG UltraFine 5K display last year with its new MacBook Pro. The company decided to team up with LG for new displays because it’s not going to come out with a new Thunderbolt display. Apple is selling the displays directly through its online store and a new report suggests that the company may be removing bad reviews for the LG UltraFine 5K display. The product page for the UltraFine 5K display doesn’t have a star rating. A post on Reddit mentions that Apple removed the rating entirely after a “storm of negative reviews” about the monitor’s inability to wake from sleep. If you head over to the product page right now you’ll notice that it doesn’t have a “Ratings & Reviews” section so there’s not a single user review for this product which costs just a hair under $1,000. On the other hand, if you go to the page for LG’s smaller UltraFine 4K monitor you’ll see that it has a visible star rating even though it’s at 2.5 and most reviewers again point out problems in trying to wake up the monitor from sleep when it’s connected to a MacBook Pro. Some reviewers are even using this product’s rating section to complain about the 5K display. It’s not entirely clear at this point in time if this is due to a glitch or if Apple really has removed the “Ratings & Reviews” section for the 5K display due to an abundance of negative reviews. The company is yet to comment on this matter. Filed in Apple. Read more about LG, Macbook Pro and monitors. Source: mashable Related Articles 2017-01-23 LG G6 Might Not Come With The Snapdragon 835 2017-01-23 Alleged Photos Of LG’s Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches Leaked 2017-01-23 LG G6 Photo Leaked Ahead Of MWC 2017 2017-01-23 LG G5 Rumored To Be Discontinued 2016-12-20 Apple Starts Taking Orders For 27 Inch LG UltraFine 5K Display 2016-10-27 LG’s Ultrafines Are Apple’s New Standalone Displays 2016-08-30 LG Unveils Trio Of Ultrawide Monitors Ahead Of IFA 2016 2016-01-05 LG Unveils New IPS UltraWide Curved Thunderbolt Monitor Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 25 AAPL: 121.88 1.91 How to enable Night Shift for Mac and how it works on macOS 10.12.4 [Video] Zac Hall - Jan. 25th 2017 9:03 am PT @apollozac Mac How To macOS Night Shift View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit One year after introducing Night Shift on the iPhone and iPad, Apple is bringing its display color temperature feature to the Mac starting with macOS 10.12.4. Here’s how to enable Night Shift on your Mac and how it works. This is how Apple describes its Night Shift feature: Night Shift adjusts the color of your display after sunset. Many studies show that exposure to bright-blue light in the evening can affect your circadian rhythms and make it harder to fall asleep. After sunset, Night Shift will shift your display colors to the warmer end of the spectrum, making the display easier on your eyes. In the morning, your display returns to its regular settings. The feature is very similar to Flux for Mac, although macOS Sierra’s upcoming update makes color temperature shifting a system-level feature. You’ll still get more customization out of Flux like the ability to gradually increase warmth over time, but Night Shift is built-in and very easy to use. Your Mac will need macOS 10.12.4 or later to work with Night Shift. macOS 10.12.4 is currently in developer beta and a public beta is likely around the corner; the software update will be available to all users later this year. From there, you can manually toggle Night Shift on and off from the Today view in Notification Center. In other words, click on the  icon in the top right corner of your screen, then click Today at the top of the slide over panel. Night Shift’s toggle is a bit hidden here. You have to swipe or scroll down to reveal the button which is right above the Do Not Disturb toggle found above the date. If you want to tweak Night Shift settings, launch the System Preferences app and open the Displays section. Night Shift has its own section on macOS 10.12.4 or later. Night Shift can be manually enabled or disabled, scheduled based on time of day or sunset/sunrise, and manually adjusted to appear warmer. My preference is to enable Night Shift automatically from sunset to sunrise. You can still manually toggle Night Shift on or off as needed too. Night Shift can also be toggled on and off with your voice using Siri. Activate Siri and use a command like “Turn on Night Shift” or “Turn off Night Shift” to enable or disable the feature. If you have Night Shift set to a schedule, manually changing the state will work until the schedule is set to resume. For example, if you enable Night Shift during the day before sunrise and it was already set to turn on at sunset, Night Shift will remain enabled until sunrise and resume its schedule. One place you won’t find a Night Shift toggle yet that you might expect is the Touch Bar on new MacBook Pros. I wouldn’t be surprised to see this change in future versions of the macOS software as Do Not Disturb is already an option and can similarly be scheduled or toggled. So how does Night Shift look on a Mac? Here’s my MacBook Pro without Night Shift: And here’s my MacBook Pro with Night Shift: Here’s a side-by-side: Night Shift isn’t just limited to your Mac’s built-in display. Apple’s color temperature shifting feature also applies to connected external displays as well based on your Mac’s settings. Overall, Night Shift for Mac is very similar to the same feature introduced to iPhones and iPads this time last year. If you find the concept of Flux for Mac useful but don’t like fiddling with wonky utilities, Night Shift for Mac delivers a similar effect with easy-to-understand options. Subscribe to 9to5Mac for more hands-on videos Guides Mac View THe Guide How To A collection of tutorials from the 9to5Mac team helping you fix and get the most out of your Mac and iOS devices. View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 Apple releases iOS 10.3 beta 1 to developers with Find My AirPods... watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch   skip to main content skip to main menu     Siri for Apple Watch is about to get much more useful By Christian Zibreg, Jan 25, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments In addition to highlighting a new Theater Mode in watchOS 3.2, Apple yesterday announced that the upcoming software update will also enable support for Siri in third-party Apple Watch apps. As you probably know by now, the SiriKit framework made its debut in iOS 10. It’s an officially sanctioned way for developers to enrich their apps for messaging, payments, ride-booking, workouts, calling and searching photos with Siri interactions. With SiriKit support in watchOS 3.2, developers can add spoken commands to Apple Watch apps to let users ask the personal assistant on their wrist to do things like book a ride, send a message, make a payment or accomplish other supported tasks. Because the public version of watchOS currently does not support SiriKit, users are currently unable to invoke Siri on their wrist-worn device and ask her to, say, call their boss on WhatsApp, find kitten images on Pinterest, hail an Uber and do other things that Siri can do on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch with iOS 10 or later. SiriKit in watchOS 3.2 Apps wishing to provide services in specific domains can now use SiriKit to make those services available through Siri on Apple Watch. Like with iOS, developers create one or more app extensions using Apple’s official Intents and Intents UI frameworks, the latter allowing apps to customize the interface displayed by Siri or Maps. To make programmers’ lives easier, the terms for custom Siri interactions defined from an iOS app are automatically shared with the Intents extension on watchOS. In other words, developers are not required to register their user-specific or global vocabulary again from their Intents extension on watchOS. Like With SiriKit in iOS 10, SiriKit in watchOS supports services in these six domains: Messaging Payments Ride booking Workouts Calling Searching photos Aside from supporting SiriKit in watchOS 3.2, Apple has also expanded the SiriKit framework to support paying and checking status of bills with payment apps and scheduling with ride booking apps (i.e. “Siri, schedule an Uber at 6pm”). More information is available in the SiriKit Programming Guide. Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch Another new feature in watchOS 3.2 is Theater Mode. Presumably available in Control Center as a single toggle, this feature will quickly mute the sound on Apple Watch and avoid waking the screen on wrist raise. When Theater Mode is turned on, the user will continue receiving notifications, including haptics, and view them by tapping the screen or pressing the Digital Crown. Apple yesterday released first betas of what would become the major iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 software updates. However, the company is yet to seed watchOS 3.2 to its registered developers. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch Deliveries gains full iOS 10/watchOS 3 support & many new features in latest update “Hey Siri, send Sébastien $100 using PayPal” Apple seeds fourth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 and macOS Sierra to developers Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Apps, Developers, Messaging, Mobile Payment, News, Photos, Siri, SiriKit, Watch Apps, watchOS, watchOS 3, watchOS 3.2, Workout diggitydang I wish Whatsapp would just make an Apple Watch app, let alone giving us the ability to respond via Siri on our Apple Watch. First world problems, but it’s crappy reading the message on the watch, then needing to go into the app on your phone later just to remove the badge. Christophe 100%   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more Infuse updated with support for DVD videos, NFS streaming, Library and folder search & more Chrome 56 for Mac released with lower power consumption, performance boost & more Apple officially joins non-profit AI research group as one of the founding members   The latest jailbreak news How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 ReachBoard lets you peek at your iOS clipboard in the Reachability view Heart Throb lets you favorite pictures in your Photos app with a double tap How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 iOS 10.2 Yalu jailbreak beta build now available iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple sues Qualcomm in Beijing seeking 1 billion yuan By Reuters Published: 11:48 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 11:48 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Diane Bartz WASHINGTON, Jan 25 (Reuters) - Apple Inc filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc in Beijing, alleging that the chip supplier abused its clout in the chip industry and seeking 1 billion yuan ($145.32 million) in damages, Beijing's Intellectual Property Court said in a statement on Wednesday. Apple also filed a second lawsuit against Qualcomm which accused it of failing to live up to promises made to license "standard essential patents" broadly and inexpensively. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. The lawsuits follow a decision by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to file a complaint on Jan. 17 in which it accused Qualcomm of using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly of a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Apple followed with a related lawsuit last Friday. It asked a federal court in California for $1 billion in promised rebates and accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips. Qualcomm did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The company said previously that it would contest both the FTC and the Apple lawsuit filed in the United States. The chip maker faces legal challenges across the globe. South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. (Reporting by Diane Bartz Additional reporting by Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland EuroMillions-winning group staying anonymous for now Tonight's Lotto jackpot is worth €6.5m. The main prize has been rolling since the ... Download our app Business Download our app World Trump bans all refugees for 4 months, and Syrians indefinitely The US may admit refugees on a case-by-case basis during the ... Mexicans unite against Trump's border wall and trade plans Top Mexican political figures are debating ... Download our app Showbiz John Hurt dies after battle with pancreatic cancer Veteran actor John Hurt has died at 77 after a battle with pancreatic cancer. The Elephant man star and renowned 'maverick' Sir John Hurt had a career spanning six decades He received a string of honours including being knighted by the ... Veteran actor Sir John Hurt dies after battle with pancreatic cancer Hollywood star Mel Brooks described the actor as “a truly magnificent ... The 10 people we really want to appear on Desert Island Discs What would they take with them as castaways? Horoscopes Lotto #Discover Mayo people reacting to the Babestation models arriving in Westport is everything Classic. #CuteAnimalTweetoff: Organisations compete with adorable animal pics on Twitter So. Much. Cuteness. How to throw the ultimate Chinese New Year party Bring in the Year of the Rooster in style. Dublin college pranksters wrap everything in mate's bedroom in tinfoil! Classic prank! This Twitter account exists only to retweet people who regret voting for Trump 'I'm an ass man': Check out the highlights of First Dates Ireland last night People are worried about Donald Trump's wall and avocados Download our app Sport Tiger Woods fails to make cut on return to PGA circuit Tiger Woods has missed the cut in his first PGA Tour tournament in almost 18 months ... GAA Soccer Rugby Golf Racing Other Sports Tech Ford 100 Jobs Property Login Brexit Trump presidency Bus Eireann Strike Auschwitz remembered Fine Gael Labour Party Magdalene Laundries Stardust Inquiry Stormont crisis Apple has a plan to help you find those lost AirPods PreviousNext 25/01/2017 - 16:24:40Back to Business Home When Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 it boasted what the company called revolutionary non-isolating wireless earphones – AirPods. The decision to abandon the traditional headphone jack in favour of wireless audio drew strong reactions, but the other question on everyone’s lips was how Apple would help prevent users from losing the small, wireless earphones. Now, the company appears to have a solution. This was a no-brainer: Apple’s now got a tool to help locate their tiny $160 wireless earbuds you’re destined to lose https://t.co/21BWueIRgV— Geoffrey A. Fowler (@geoffreyfowler) January 24, 2017 The app used to locate a lost iPhone, Find my iPhone, will now have a feature that helps to find the earphones. It will be included in the iOS 10.3 update – due in the near future – which will sound an alarm when users are trying to locate them. But plenty still took the opportunity to criticise Apple for going wireless in the first place. Or you could bring back cords @Apple ⚡️ “Apple has a solution for the lost AirPod problem”https://t.co/LaIuiDjTRc— dellBelle ⚜ (@ErinMeadors) January 25, 2017 ⚡️ “Apple has a solution for the lost AirPod problem” JUST BRING BACK THE NORMAL EARBUDS, HOW BOU' DAHhttps://t.co/8j2oOAFsMa— Robert Riccobene (@RiccobeneRobert) January 25, 2017 “Apple has a solution for the lost AirPod problem” It's called buying regular earbudshttps://t.co/MI5LJflV9w— WDandKS (@The____Tardis) January 25, 2017 ~AIRPOD REVIEW~ Pros: fit my ears, decent sound, wireless is a revelation Cons: constant terror of losing AirPods— Casey Newton (@CaseyNewton) January 22, 2017 No stock of airpod at apple store SF, but available in the street as people lost it. #airpodhunt is open pic.twitter.com/iGKfBgq3Ff— minh le (@minhle1) January 15, 2017 Pre-2017: It's like finding a needle in a haystack... 2017 Onward: It's like finding an AirPod in a snowstorm." pic.twitter.com/X0bfcQt7ua— Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) January 22, 2017 Or maybe people will be going back to using normal earphones. Like an animal. Left my AirPod charger at the office last night. Squeezed as much juice as I could but currently using wires again. Like an animal.— M.G. Siegler (@mgsiegler) January 19, 2017 KEYWORDS: AirPods, Apple, Audio, Earphones, social media, Twitter, Wireless   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters More in this section €50m to be invested into Westport House Google said to be planning a budget model of the Pixel England, Scotland and Wales are getting their own flag emoji Twitter introduces Explore as a new hub for Moments and live video Most Read in Business Mexico enraged at Donald Trump's 20% import tax plan The US and Mexico conduct some $1.6bn cross-border trade a day - for now. €50m to be invested into Westport House The new owners of Westport House in County Mayo says it's business as usual. The US Navy wants to use 'super lasers' in future warfare Plans are taking shape to test high-powered laser weapons this year. No more prescription lenses? These clever glasses automatically focus on what the user is looking at The future of specs is here. 100 engineering and manufacturing jobs for Clare The new positions are part of a €7m expansion of Element Six's operation in Shannon. World Markets Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2017. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Ford 100 Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple will locate your lost AirPod with the next iOS update Apple will locate your lost AirPod with the next iOS update Home » Apps & Software » Apple will locate your lost AirPod with the next iOS update Posted By Martha Papadimitriou on Jan 25, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Owners of AirPods you can relax. Apple will help you find your lost AirPod with the release of iOS 10.3 Source: http://www.apple.com/airpods/ AirPods are a fancy and pretty cool accessory for your iPhone. But the fact that they are missing the cord makes it very easy to lose one of them or both of them. So Apple decided to give a helping hand to the owners and include AirPods support to the Find My iPhone app. The feature will appear within iOS 10.3, which we expect to roll out in the upcoming weeks. The app will have the ability to find the current or last known location of their headphones and their case. But it won’t pinpoint the exact location. It will have a more broad data location. For example it will show if you lost them inside your home or your workplace. This means that you still have to search a little bit. Also, to make the search easier the app will blast sound from your lost earbud(s). This is a good idea if you have lost it inside. But if you lost them outside the house then things will get more tricky. It is a great move from Apple to release this feature, because cordless headphones have the tendency to get lost. Also, the next major update from Apple will be featured on macOS and it will definitely affect your eyesight. If you like to use your computer at night, with no other light around, then you will probably experience some problems with your eyes. But, Apple will roll out a feature in order to protect your eyes. The tech company will release the Night Shift feature for laptops and desktops at the newest version of macOS Sierra (10.12.4 beta). The Night Shift feature reduces the amount of blue light that is coming for your computer screen and completely “blinds” you if you use it in a pitch black environment. The feature will gives to the entire screen a yellow tone in the evenings and you would be able to look at the screen with less strain. Of course there was something similar in the App Store, an app called F.lux. It was very popular amongst users and it was available for iOS and macOS. But, it was removed  from the App Store in 2016. So in order for Apple to cover the void it created the feature called Night Shift. As for F.lux you can find it for Android, Windows, and Linux. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Martha Papadimitriou Martha is a journalist, a blog writer, a mother and a bookworm. She studied Journalism and Communication and graduated in 2002. She has a restless spirit and loves to learn new things. Martha also wants to make the world a better place, and when she is not working she enjoys reading and cooking. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Tools & Resources Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor : Recent From Social Media News MailChimp Introduces Facebook Ad Campaigns Jan 27, 2017 Facebook Launches A Physical Security Key For Safer Logins Jan 26, 2017 Twitter replacing “Moments” with a new feature called “Explore?” Jan 26, 2017 Facebook Tweaks Trending Topics Section To Eliminate Fake News Jan 25, 2017 Tumblr Adds Filters And Stickers To Enhance Photos And GIFs Jan 25, 2017 Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Mobile BusinessMobile Apple partner to build flexible smartphone displays By Todd Haselton | January 25, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple partner Japan Display, which already provides displays for the company’s products, is ready to begin building flexible screens, the company confirmed this week. Japan Display will join other firms, such as LG and Samsung, which are already building flexible displays for next-generation smartphones. The iPhone 8 is rumored to take advantage of flexible displays that curve over the edges of the device, similar to what we’ve seen in products such as the Galaxy S7 Edge from Samsung. This isn’t quite bendable display technology just yet, though Apple has plenty of patents describing products with bending and folding mechanisms. It may one day lead to that, however, as innovations in flexible displays lead to bendable smartphones and tablets. Japan Display is building the displays for partners but declined to name Apple specifically,  The Wall Street Journal said. Huawei is also a Japan Display customer and has been much more cavalier in its smartphone innovations. Apple has dragged a bit behind the industry, in fact, and is rumored to introduce its first flexible AMOLED display sometime this year. Most other smartphone makers have already dabbled with the technology and others, such as Samsung, have been building and using them for years. Flexible vs Bendable The Wall Street Journal warns that actual bendable displays are still very expensive and may not be in consumers hands anytime soon. Like flexible displays, however, which aren’t necessarily able to “bend” and are better used for flexing under pressure, bendable displays can help create a much more rugged product that is less prone to cracking. They may also usher in a new era of foldable smartphones or tablets that can be rolled up and stowed when not in use. Topics #Bendable #Japan Display Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Nintendo wants you to vote for your favorite Fire Emblem characters Comcast is going to launch a wireless network this year Hideo Kojima’s new studio is as stylish and futuristic as you would expect Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Apple Is Finally Letting Developers Respond to App Store Reviews Apple is testing out an update to the App Store that will finally let developers respond to customers who have questions or leave complaints. TheStreet Staff Jan 25, 2017 11:25 AM EST Apple ( AAPL) is testing out an update to the App Store that will finally let developers respond to customers who have questions or leave complaints. At the moment, the current system is confusing to use and doesn't let other users see a company's response. The new system will make responses available to everyone, letting it serve as a record and an easier way to stay up to date with apps you use. This update is part of the iOS 10.3 beta, which is expected to role out a month or two following the end of the beta testing. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Carnival Corp. Cramer's Top Takeaways Carnival Corp. CEO tells Jim Cramer the company's focused on customized travel experiences. Scott Rutt Jan 28, 2017 12:45 AM EST Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) Jim Cramer talks about how to position your portfolio for maximum returns in this earnings season. Scott Rutt Jan 28, 2017 12:43 AM EST Marriott Vacations Worldwide: Cramer's Top Takeaways Jim Cramer takes a closer look at the big turnaround in shares of Marriott Vacations Worldwide. Scott Rutt Jan 27, 2017 8:08 PM EST United Rentals: Cramer's Top Takeaways Looking for a cheap stock poised to profit under the Trump presidency? Jim Cramer says it's United Rentals. Scott Rutt Jan 27, 2017 8:06 PM EST Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Has ‘Constructive’ Meeting With India About Local Manufacturing Opportunities [Updated] – Mac Rumors Posted on January 25, 2017 by Mac Rumors Apple on Wednesday said it appreciated the “constructive” dialogue it had held with officials from India regarding the expansion of its local operations in the country. Earlier this month, reports indicated that a high-level meeting would be taking … Apple meeting with India government ‘constructive,’ iPhone manufacture ‘almost a done deal’ [u]AppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple reportedly close to India manufacturing deal in hopes of expanding reach in marketTechCrunch Apple wants to start making iPhones in IndiaCNNMoney Wall Street Journal -9 to 5 Mac -PCWorld -Cult of Mac all 46 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Republic Day Assembly Elections Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local 5 Expected Features Of iOS 10.3 International Business Times Rishabh Jain 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Dell unveils 2-in-1 Latitude and Chromebook laptops for schools Apple is fixing App Store reviews at last © Provided by IBT US Apple released Tuesday the iOS 10.3 Beta 1 for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. The Beta 1 is a Developer Beta and not a Public Beta, which means that its availability would be restricted to iOS developers for now. Still, the iOS 10.3 Beta 1 holds clues to features that will be included in the final version of iOS 10.3 when it releases as official software update to all eligible iPhone, iPad and iPod models. Here are five features you can expect in iOS 10.3: Software Features For AirPods While Apple introduced the AirPods back in September, the wireless earphones were just recently made available to customers. The company spurned attempts by third-party developers to develop apps for the AirPods. Instead, it seems that it wants customers to depend on official updates for AirPods. One such feature, the need for which was evident since the launch of the device, was the need to securely track the AirPods. Since the AirPods are not connected to the phone with any wire, are tiny in size and hang peculiarly from the users’ ears, the likelihood of them getting lost is pretty high. For this reason, Apple has introduced a new feature called Find My AirPods in its Find My iPhone, which lets users track their devices on a map using iCloud. The app will play a sound from the AirPods to help you locate them, which will get louder as you move closer to the device. But since AirPods are connected to your iOS device only via Bluetooth, this feature will work only if they are within a range of 5 to 10 meters of your device. Improved Siri Functionality Siri has received some enhancements in Beta 1, making it more useful as a voice assistant. These changes are expected to trickle down to the official iOS 10.3 update. One surprising change is India-specific — it will now display cricket scores from tournaments such as the Indian Premier League. There is, however, no mention of the same feature for other sports such as football or basketball. You will now be able to book Uber and Lyft rides by just issuing voice commands to Siri. In addition to this, Siri will allow you to check and pay bills using payment apps. An improved Siri is expected in upcoming iOS updates, simply because it has to keep pace with other voice assistants such as Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa. Improved 3D Touch Apple is expected to add more 3D Touch-specific features to iPhones. Users can now utilize 3D Touch on weather icon in the Maps app to get hourly forecasts, chances of rain and daily high and low temperatures. Improved CarPlay Functionality Apple’s auto functionality, CarPlay, will be able to launch the music app and pick a song or album or artist. The Maps app will now show EV charging stations. Apple File System In the iOS 10.3 update, the iPhone’s file system will be upgraded to Apple File System (APFS), which allows multiple file systems to share the same space on the device memory instead of fixed amount of space for each file system. APFS can grow and shrink without the need for repartitioning your device memory. In simple terms, your device will be managing the onboard memory better with APFS. APFS will also allow native encryption and let you assign multi-key encryption that will make user data more secure. In case you lose your device, it will not be easy to break in to your data. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from International Business Times Tensions simmer below surface as Trump, Republicans map strategy International Business Times HTC Is Working On A Second Flagship Smartphone With Snapdragon 835 Chip International Business Times Future iPhones to feature plastic LCD panels? International Business Times HTC Vive fitness tracker in the works? International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Tries to Put a Positive Face on Negotiations with the Indian Government over an iPhone Plant & Apple Stores | Main | Apple takes their War against Qualcomm to Beijing China » January 25, 2017 In Q4 Apple Remained the King of Pure Smartwatch Sales within a Market that Requires a Little Shock Therapy   In October IDC reported that for Q3 2016 Apple remained the leading smartwatch vendor holding 41.3%. At the end of Q3 Apple launched Apple Watch Series 2 along with Apple Watch Nike +. So how did Apple Watch do over the holiday Quarter? According to Kantar's latest market sector analysis, Apple Watch remained the number one pure smartphone vendor by extending their lead from 41.3% to 50%.   Kantar notes that "The Apple Watch Series 2, released in September 2016, boosted Apple's share of smartwatch sales. Series 2 offers a waterproof design and GPS, while the lower cost of the Series 1 lowered the barrier to entry to attract some additional buyers. The Series 2 was Apple's top-selling smartwatch for the period at 33%, although there were no holiday discounts on that device."   While Apple was able to remain the pure smartwatch leader, it's a market that doesn't hold much potential unless a killer app surfaces to reignite this wearables segment.   According to Kantar's Global Consumer Insight Director Lauren Guenveur, "Beyond Apple and Fitbit, manufacturers have struggled to convince consumers to purchase wearables, once considered 'the next big thing' in tech. In the US, among non-owners surveyed in December 2016, just 8% planned to buy a wearable device in the next 12 months, while 76% did not intend to purchase."   Guenveur added that "Price remains the largest barrier (46%), while 33% cited 'functionalities are not useful' – and 30% said they did not want to wear a watch."   For some vendors, this market weakness has had consequences, with Lenovo's Moto and Microsoft both announcing in late 2016 that they would stop production of their wearables. Jawbone ceased production in May 2016, and early-riser Pebble was acquired by Fitbit.   The Nitty-Gritty Statistics   As of December 2016, 15.6% of US consumers owned a smartwatch or fitness band – a modest increase from September 2016 at 14.8%. Within the smartwatch category, adoption in the US remained low, at 4.2%. In EU4 (Great Britain, Germany, France, and Italy), wearables penetration continued to lag that of the US at 9.2%, with the smartwatch portion of the category at 3.8%   Once again fitness bands continued to outsell more advanced smartwatches. Kantar reports that "In the fourth quarter of 2016, just 35% of wearables purchased in the US were smartwatches, a decline from 40% in the third quarter of 2016.   Apple was the top smartwatch brand in the US, capturing a 50% share vs. 24% in the third quarter pf 2016. The next nearest competitor was Samsung at 17.4%, while the remainder of the market was fragmented among smaller suppliers.   In the EU4, smartwatches fared better, taking 38% of wearables sales in the fourth quarter of 2016, led by Great Britain, where nearly 45% of wearables purchased were smartwatches.   The lowest penetration for smartwatches was in France, where 70% of those who bought a wearable opted for a fitness band. Apple remained the top smartwatch brand sold in EU4 at 37% in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to Samsung's 16%.   Fitbit captured 50% of fitness band sales in EU4, with a more competitive Garmin reaching 23%. In Germany, Garmin surpassed Fitbit as the largest fitness band brand at 36% vs. 31%, respectively.   Killer Apps for Apple Watch   At present there's a dark cloud hanging over the future of the smartwatch wearables category. Kantar's research found that 46% of consumers thought that price remained the largest barrier to smartwatch sales followed by the lack of useful functionalities at 33%.   The lack of a killer app and boring functionality is something that Apple's patents have shown us that they're working on. To be able to expand Apple Watch functionality, Apple has shown us that they may add a camera, extra batteries, and a long list of new sensors to add health monitoring to the watch over time. But it's cellular functionality that consumers really want and Apple's newly granted patent that surfaced yesterday shows us that cellular functionality is definitely on their list of priorities.   These new functionalities could be added by building them right into a next-generation of Apple Watch bands. One watch band design calls for individual smart links as noted in Apple's patent figure above. Each link could carry an additional functionality. This could become a very lucrative accessory opportunity for Apple.      In September Apple expanded on their smartwatch band technology concept by creating a second kind of smart band that could change colors on the fly so as to match a user's outfit for the fashion conscience. In this design Apple also highlighted 3D touch capabilities, add a cooling system and once again, adding telephony.   So while the smartwatch wearables market sector is proving to be a slow and boring category, there are some cool ideas that are around the corner that could shake up this sector considerably. Think of it as needed shock therapy for a stagnant market sector. While we await these killer apps to arrive, Apple remains the Smartwatch king.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 25, 2017 at 09:14 AM in Apple & Market Statistics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month Apple Patent Reveals New MacBook Hinge System with Torsion Bar to Provide Variable Cover Resistance Apple is joining the 'Partnership on AI' to Advance Public Understanding of Artificial Intelligence Technologies Hugo Barra Set to Lead Facebook's Virtual Reality Business Apple's Third Major Folding iPhone Invention has come to Light Illustrating a Dual Fold-Out/Fold-In Form Factor Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: If I Could Buy Only 1 Stock, This Would Be It The one stock would need to be relatively safe but have potential for exponential growth. Those are only two of many reasons why this stock continues to look like a best bet. Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Jan 25, 2017 at 9:40AM Image source: Apple. If I could only buy one stock right now, then there are a few boxes that stock needs to check. I'd like the holding to be relatively safe in a tumultuous time but still look likely to generate modest short-term growth, while having the potential for exceptional long-term growth. I also want the stock to have a robust balance sheet and be relatively cheap in this expensive market -- and is a little dividend too much to ask? For all of that, look no further than Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Short-term growth prospects look good Apple's finances are massive in almost every way, with sales in the fiscal Q4 ended Sept. 24 of $47 billion. Sales and earnings actually slowed during the during quarter, down 9% and 19%, respectively, but the company has guided for a return to sales growth in fiscal Q1.  Some Apple bears have pointed to the company's reliance on its iPhone -- which made up about two-thirds of sales in the most recent quarter -- and that those sales are starting to slow as the phone seems to be saturating the addressable market. The average selling price (ASP) of the iPhone segment has fallen slightly year over year. However, the iPhone could have plenty of growth left. The new iPhone 7 launched in late 2016 seems to be performing very well already and should help to boost ASP once again. Additionally, the issues with the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which has even been banned on all U.S. aircraft, could help to make 2017 iPhone sales the highest yet.  Image source: Apple. The bears also point to nascent growth in most of Apple's other products, such as its personal computers, iPads, and the Apple Watch. One other area that's growing impressively is the services segment, which includes revenue from services such as iTunes, iCloud, and Apple Pay. This segment's revenue grew 24% year over year to $6.3 billion in the fiscal year, making up 13% of total revenue as Apple's second largest segment by sales behind the iPhone segment. Services are increasingly important, as the total number of Apple products in use continues to grow each quarter, meaning more devices that are likely linked to an Apple account and could help services revenue to continue growing nicely.   Apple's robust financial position While Apple's sales and earnings have come under pressure, its cash growth has not. Apple's operating cash flow in the most recent quarter surged to $16 billion, a new company record for that time period. With so much excess cash flow, the company has grown its total cash and investments to $238 billion, more than a third of its market cap, and about double the next wealthiest company in the United States. Unfortunately for Apple's capital expenditure advocates, about 90% of that money is stored out of the U.S., as the company has resisted paying heavy repatriation taxes to bring it back home. However, President Trump has signaled that he'd like to offer a much lower tax rate, maybe as low as 10%, for companies in Apple's position that are seeking to send huge chunks of money home. There are certainly other risks for Apple in some of Trump's proposed tax ideas, such as potential import tariffs on goods manufactured overseas, but this one point is important for what it could mean for Apple's cash available for immediate use.  Long-term growth potential Apple's new wireless headphones, called "air pods." Image source: Apple. Apple's modest short-term growth on continued incremental innovations and execution is encouraging, but it's much more fun to consider Apple's moonshot long-term growth possibilities. Apple increased its research and development spend by about 25% to $10 billion in fiscal 2016. Speaking of the company's huge cash position, there are a few fun reckless predictions we can make about what the company might spend that money on developing. Self-driving cars, virtual and augmented reality, and more recently original content for iTunes are all areas of growth that tech industry analysts are looking for from Apple. My favorite reckless prediction is that Apple will begin competing more heavily in artificial intelligence. Apple's Siri was one of the first voice-based search tools before Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) entered the space with their smart home voice-activated devices. Amazon and Google beat Apple to market with their home assistant devices, but Apple isn't known for being an early market mover -- rather, Apple has a knack for swooping in with amazing products that in turn dominate the market that's already there. Let's not forget that Amazon and Google have ventured into Apple's world with their consumer electronics much more than Apple would be venturing into theirs with its own artificial intelligence assistant. Why Apple stock still looks like a great buy Finally, in terms of valuation, Apple still looks cheap. Even though the stock is up 20% over the past six months, it's still trading at just 14 times earnings. Compare that with around 25 times earnings on average for the S&P 500, Google at 30, and Amazon at 185. Also, Apple stock has run up quickly lately, but it's still down from its high of around $135 in mid-2015, so its recent run doesn't look unreasonable. Add to that a relatively cheap valuation, as well as all of the points covered here, that Apple stock also pays a 2% dividend yield, which could very well rise as Apple deploys more of its huge cash load in 2017. The best investment strategy is one that's well diversified, but for all of those points -- if I could only buy one stock, Apple continues to look like a great stock to buy and hold as a core long-term position.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Seth McNew owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Small town Colorado native, always content with just fresh air, blue skies, coffee, ... and a 10-K to pick through. Follow @bsmcnew Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 9:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $845.03 down $-11.95 (-1.39%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 up $100.00 (7.14%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $823.31 down $-8.84 (-1.06%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current If I Could Buy Only 1 Stock, This Would Be It @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $SSNLF, $GOOG
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Alternative Facts? Apple, Inc. Gets a Strange Downgrade Barclays downgraded Apple stock, arguing that consumer interest in having the latest and greatest phones is fading. But that may be a false premise. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Jan 25, 2017 at 10:40AM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares sat out of the stock market rally on Tuesday, largely because of a downgrade from Barclays. Analyst Mark Moskowitz expects the smartphone market to stagnate this year. Moreover, unlike many other analysts, he doesn't see the upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone as a major growth catalyst. Indeed, Moskowitz asserts that iPhone buyers are increasingly opting to buy older models like the iPhone 6s in order to save $100, rather than paying up for Apple's latest and greatest designs. If consumers are becoming more focused on price than design, they might not care that much about the major design changes expected in the next-generation iPhone. Are consumers still willing to pay up for the priciest iPhones or are they trading down? Image source: Apple. However, there is very little evidence that iPhone buyers are actually trading down. As a result, investors shouldn't pay much attention to Moskowitz's bearish prognostications. Customers haven't been trading down iPhone users weren't trading down in a meaningful way during the first half of fiscal 2016. In Q1 -- the all-important holiday quarter -- Apple's average selling price (ASP) for the iPhone rose slightly year over year, despite a 6% to 7% headwind from the strengthening dollar. The increase in ASPs was boosted by a growing preference for pricier iPhones with larger screens and more storage. Still, the data aren't consistent with a big shift toward buying older models. During Q2, the iPhone ASP slipped about 2.5% year over year, but it still likely rose on a currency-neutral basis. Furthermore, Apple faced a tough comparison that quarter because it had been catching up from an iPhone 6 Plus supply shortage a year earlier. The iPhone 6s sold quite well considering that it was only a minor upgrade of the iPhone 6. Image source: Apple. The iPhone ASP did fall 10% and 8% on a year-over-year basis in the third and fourth quarters, respectively. That provides some evidence of customers trading down. However, much of the decline was again caused by the strong dollar. Furthermore, the budget-priced iPhone SE launched early in Q3 last year. Thus, for most of the second half of fiscal 2016, Apple's newest iPhone was also its cheapest iPhone. This obviously weighed on ASPs. iPhone unit sales did decline last year, perhaps due to perceptions that the iPhone 6s wasn't a big upgrade over the iPhone 6. Nevertheless, considering all of the evidence, it appears that those consumers who did buy an iPhone during Apple's fiscal 2016 continued to favor the newest models. Apple's iPhone mix probably improved last quarter We won't know for sure whether the iPhone ASP increased or decreased last quarter until Apple reports its Q1 earnings next week. However, the preliminary evidence derived from iPhone usage data points toward a solid increase. First, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus currently account for about 14.5% of total iPhone usage, according to Fiksu. That's exactly in line with the usage share of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus a year ago. Given that the iPhone user base is probably still expanding at a double-digit annual rate, an equal usage share implies higher unit sales. Mixpanel, another company that tracks iPhone usage -- but with more U.S.-centric data -- shows an even bigger sales uptick for the latest iPhones compared to last year's models. Second, the popularity of the pricier "Plus" models continues to grow, even after Apple hiked its prices for the iPhone 7 Plus lineup by $20. (Demand was so strong that the iPhone 7 Plus was in short supply for most of last quarter.) The iPhone 7 Plus had a usage share of 4.4% at the end of Q1, compared to 3.4% for the iPhone 6s Plus a year earlier. Demand for the iPhone 7 Plus has been red-hot. Image source: Apple. Partially offsetting this, the dollar has continued to rise against some key foreign currencies (mainly the British pound and Chinese yuan). But that just means that even a small ASP increase would indicate significant year-over-year improvement in the iPhone product mix. Are expectations too low? Since bottoming out around $90 in May, Apple's stock price has shot up by 34%. This suggests that investors are starting to become more optimistic about the company's prospects. Nevertheless, many Wall Street analysts still have very low expectations. In fact, analysts expect Apple to report a year-over-year EPS decline next week, despite the positive iPhone usage data and strong growth in Apple's services business. If Apple is able to beat the estimates by reporting modest earnings growth for Q1 and offering a solid outlook for Q2, shares of the tech giant could begin 2017 with another rally. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Apple and is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 10:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Alternative Facts? Apple, Inc. Gets a Strange Downgrade @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Released With Working MobileSubstrate! [Download] Save Your iOS 10.2 Blobs Before Its Too Late! How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Windows) iPhone 8 Concept Featuring Curved Display [Video] How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Mac) Anker's 10ft PowerLine+ Lightning Cable is On Sale for $14.99 (63% Off) Source Code for iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Posted iOS 10.3 Will Update Your iPhone's File System to APFS Satechi USB-C Power Meter Measures Volts, Amps, and mAh Output Apple Releases Public Beta of iOS 10.3 [Download] HBO GO App Updated With Support for Single Sign-On, TV App Apple Joins Partnership on AI as Founding Member Apple Support App Now Available in 22 Countries Apple Releases Public Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.4 With Night Shift iOS 10.3 Beta Contains Hidden One-Handed Floating Keyboard for iPad [Images] Verizon to Support Wi-Fi Calling on iCloud Connected Devices in iOS 10.3 iPhone X Concept Based on Recent iPhone Rumors [Video] Google Adds 'Popular Times' Feature to Google Maps App for iOS Google Translate App Now Supports Instant Camera Translation From Japanese to English watchOS 3.2 to Bring New Theater Mode, SiriKit, WatchKit Enhancements Apple Manufacturing Products in India 'Almost a Done Deal' LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 25, 2017 at 3:55pm by iClarified · 3266 views · Translate Apple is near a deal to manufacture its products in India, reports the WSJ. Apple VP Priya Balasubramaniam and other executives met with senior Indian government officials in New Delhi on Wednesday to discuss their proposals. “It’s almost a done deal,” an official told the journal. Apple wants tax and tariff exemptions which the Finance Ministry is willing to look into. “Many of the incentives sought by Apple are workable,” said the official. Manufacturing devices such as the iPhone in India would make it easier for Apple to open its own stores in the country. India is home to 1.2 billion people and could be a significant source of growth for the company in the future. Currently, Apple has less than 5% share of the market in India. Another official who works closely with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that Apple wants a 15-year tax holiday on imports of components and equipment. The official also said that the government intends to 'settle with Apple'. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Great again! - January 26, 2017 at 7:10am Build the fence!!! This is unacceptable. Hopefully Trump pumps up Apple's taxes until they crawl back home! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Monica Lewinski - January 26, 2017 at 3:04am The next iphone will be called iphone curry Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Spawntech - January 25, 2017 at 5:32pm The goes Trump proposal of manufacturing products in USA. How do you compete when labor is cheaper and Apple is getting a tax break in India? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Programming How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Moe Long Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Android Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Christian Cawley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Simple Siri Tricks and Commands You Have to Try on Your Mac Mac Productivity Simple Siri Tricks and Commands You Have to Try on Your Mac Khamosh Pathak January 25, 2017 25-01-2017 5 minutes Simple Siri Tricks and Commands You Have to Try on Your Mac Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email I’ll be the first to admit that a voice assistant isn’t that helpful in a system where your fingers are on the keyboard most of the time. But there’s no reason to write off Siri for Mac just yet. While it can’t do nearly as much as it can on iOS (there’s no third party app support yet, for example), Siri can still be a team player. It’s all about helping you complete specific tasks, faster, when you’ve already got your hands full with the keyboard. Setting Up and Using Siri If you can’t find the Siri icon in the menu bar (it’s easy to spot as it’s the only multi-colored icon in the entire menu bar), you might not have the feature turned on. First, make sure you’re running macOS Sierra 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade After a few months of public beta, the latest version of Apple's desktop operating system is ready for prime time. Read More , open System Preferences, and select Siri. Then check the Enable Siri option. From here, if you choose to, you can also hide the menu bar shortcut for Siri. Don’t worry, there are other ways to get to her. You’ll find a Siri shortcut in the Dock (again, also removable by dragging the icon off of the Dock) and there’s a keyboard shortcut as well. Siri’s preferences pane lets you invoke Siri by pressing and holding the Option key or Command + Space combination. You can also choose to invoke Siri by tapping the Fn and Space buttons. 1. Add Times in Different Cities to Notification Center As someone who works remotely 5 Apps & Tools for Efficient Remote Work 5 Apps & Tools for Efficient Remote Work As Internet connections speed up, and the disdain for commuting gets greater, the desire to work remotely from home becomes more desirable. Work as efficiently as possible with these tools in your bag. Read More and has to talk with people in three different timezones, Siri feels like a godsend. It’s really easy to ask Siri “what time is it in Melbourne?” before sending out a message. Also, here’s a pro tip: when the card shows up, click the + button. This will add the timezone to the Today screen, making it even easier to view multiple timezones down the line. 2. Play Music I really like playing Beats 1 when I’m writing. And I usually just ask Siri to either start playing a station, a song or a playlist. I find that this is genuinely faster and easier than any other available methods (e.g. clicking through iTunes or searching with Spotlight). 3. Set Reminders If you use the Reminders app, using Siri to add reminders can be really useful Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Don't waste your money on a third-party app, just use Apple free iPhone and Mac apps. Read More . You can ask Siri to remind you about something at a given time and a place. This of course then gets synced to your iPhone. 4. Search for Stuff on Your Mac Spotlight is great for searching Search More Efficiently In Mac OS X With Our Top Spotlight Tips Search More Efficiently In Mac OS X With Our Top Spotlight Tips Spotlight has been a killer Mac feature for years, with Cupertino regularly schooling Redmond in the art of desktop search. Here are a few tips to help you find more on your Mac. Read More  but if you don’t want to type, Siri can work just as well. You can ask Siri to search for all sorts of things: files, folders, albums, photos and more. You can narrow down your search by asking Siri to only show files from yesterday, or the presentation you were working on Monday. Play around with it and you’ll be able to figure out what kind of context works best for you. If your photo library is synced using the Photos app, you can even ask Siri to find you photos taken at a specific location. 5. Send a Message If you use iMessage, you can ask Siri to transcribe and send a message to anyone in your contact list. As an off-the-cuff thing, this is not only a time saver but using Siri to do this also ensures you won’t forget about it by pushing it for later. 6. Search for Images When you search for images on the web, not only do you get a nice thumbnail view of the top results but you can also just drag an image and drop it into a document you’re working on. It’s seamless and a real time saver. 7. Ask for the Weather If you use Siri on the iPhone to regularly check the weather, this will be familiar to you. Siri will give you a contextual answer and will show you the five-day forecast you’re familiar with. 8. Change Device Settings Siri makes it really easy to toggle settings that are hidden in System Preferences or are a couple of clicks away. You can do simple things like ask Siri to turn off Bluetooth, or turn up the brightness bit. But you can even ask Siri for more hidden stuff like “what’s my Mac’s serial number?” or to show you your privacy or iCloud settings. 9. Open Apps and Websites If you don’t like typing the same four URLs every single morning, you can just ask Siri something like “open makeuseof.com” and Siri will open the web page for you in your default browser. The same goes for apps. 10. Save Results to Refer to Later Some cards like the image search, web search or file search can be saved to the Notification Center so you can easily refer to it later on. When a card is compatible you’ll find a + icon in the corner. 11. Change Siri’s Voice If you’re not fond of how your personal assistant talks to you, there are other alternatives you can try. From the Siri section in System Preferences, click on the drop-down next to Siri Voice and you’ll be able to select between a male and female voice in an American, British or Australian accent. 12. Enable Hey Siri Hey Siri functionality on the iPhone is kind of revolutionary, especially for someone as lazy as me. So it’s sad that the functionality isn’t available on Macs, which are way more powerful but whatever, it’s not like I’m bitter about it. There’s a workaround to enable this feature, if you’re willing to tinker about. It uses dictation to invoke a custom keyboard shortcut that in turn enables Siri. Go to Siri settings in System Preferences and give a custom shortcut. Something unique. Head to System Preferences > Keyboard. From the Dictation tab, turn on Dictation and enable Use Enhanced Dictation (this might require you to download install a file to enable the feature). Go to System Preferences > Accessibility and from the left panel select Dictation. On the right, Enable the dictation keyword phrase and change the phrase to Hey. From the same Accessibility page, click on Dictation Commands. Check the box for Enable advanced commands and click the + button to add a new command. For the When I say section put in Siri, in While using select Any Application, in Perform put in the keyboard shortcut that you assigned for Siri. Once finished, press Done. If you’re having trouble getting this to work, uncheck and recheck the Enable Siri option. How Do You Use Siri? Like a lot of other Apple products, Siri gets the basics right but struggles when the going gets tough Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor In this article, you'll learn the differences between the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We'll also take a look at what features an Apple speaker may include. Read More . Hopefully these tips will enhance your Mac productivity before Apple expands the service’s usefulness in the next macOS update. What do you use Siri for on your iPhone or Mac? Share with us in the comments below. Previous Post7 Kinds of Desktop Wallpapers to Inspire Your Work Every DayNext PostGot a New Mac? Do This First! 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Khamosh Pathak 8 articles Khamosh Pathak is a user defender, technology writer, and a UX designer. Advertisement Latest Giveaways ZTE Axon 7 Review ZTE Axon 7 Review Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Huawei Honor 8 Review Huawei Honor 8 Review Advertisement Trending 10 Video Sites That Are Better Than YouTube Entertainment Internet 10 Video Sites That Are Better Than YouTube Evernote 8.0 Is Here: What’s New and Improved? Productivity Evernote 8.0 Is Here: What’s New and Improved? How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Programming How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Advertisement Related Articles 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche Finance 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche Go With the Snow: Winter Sports and Gaming Gaming Go With the Snow: Winter Sports and Gaming How to Improve Your MacBook’s Battery Life Mac How to Improve Your MacBook’s Battery Life Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: If I Could Buy Only 1 Stock, This Would Be It The one stock would need to be relatively safe but have potential for exponential growth. Those are only two of many reasons why this stock continues to look like a best bet. Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Jan 25, 2017 at 9:40AM Image source: Apple. If I could only buy one stock right now, then there are a few boxes that stock needs to check. I'd like the holding to be relatively safe in a tumultuous time but still look likely to generate modest short-term growth, while having the potential for exceptional long-term growth. I also want the stock to have a robust balance sheet and be relatively cheap in this expensive market -- and is a little dividend too much to ask? For all of that, look no further than Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Short-term growth prospects look good Apple's finances are massive in almost every way, with sales in the fiscal Q4 ended Sept. 24 of $47 billion. Sales and earnings actually slowed during the during quarter, down 9% and 19%, respectively, but the company has guided for a return to sales growth in fiscal Q1.  Some Apple bears have pointed to the company's reliance on its iPhone -- which made up about two-thirds of sales in the most recent quarter -- and that those sales are starting to slow as the phone seems to be saturating the addressable market. The average selling price (ASP) of the iPhone segment has fallen slightly year over year. However, the iPhone could have plenty of growth left. The new iPhone 7 launched in late 2016 seems to be performing very well already and should help to boost ASP once again. Additionally, the issues with the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which has even been banned on all U.S. aircraft, could help to make 2017 iPhone sales the highest yet.  Image source: Apple. The bears also point to nascent growth in most of Apple's other products, such as its personal computers, iPads, and the Apple Watch. One other area that's growing impressively is the services segment, which includes revenue from services such as iTunes, iCloud, and Apple Pay. This segment's revenue grew 24% year over year to $6.3 billion in the fiscal year, making up 13% of total revenue as Apple's second largest segment by sales behind the iPhone segment. Services are increasingly important, as the total number of Apple products in use continues to grow each quarter, meaning more devices that are likely linked to an Apple account and could help services revenue to continue growing nicely.   Apple's robust financial position While Apple's sales and earnings have come under pressure, its cash growth has not. Apple's operating cash flow in the most recent quarter surged to $16 billion, a new company record for that time period. With so much excess cash flow, the company has grown its total cash and investments to $238 billion, more than a third of its market cap, and about double the next wealthiest company in the United States. Unfortunately for Apple's capital expenditure advocates, about 90% of that money is stored out of the U.S., as the company has resisted paying heavy repatriation taxes to bring it back home. However, President Trump has signaled that he'd like to offer a much lower tax rate, maybe as low as 10%, for companies in Apple's position that are seeking to send huge chunks of money home. There are certainly other risks for Apple in some of Trump's proposed tax ideas, such as potential import tariffs on goods manufactured overseas, but this one point is important for what it could mean for Apple's cash available for immediate use.  Long-term growth potential Apple's new wireless headphones, called "air pods." Image source: Apple. Apple's modest short-term growth on continued incremental innovations and execution is encouraging, but it's much more fun to consider Apple's moonshot long-term growth possibilities. Apple increased its research and development spend by about 25% to $10 billion in fiscal 2016. Speaking of the company's huge cash position, there are a few fun reckless predictions we can make about what the company might spend that money on developing. Self-driving cars, virtual and augmented reality, and more recently original content for iTunes are all areas of growth that tech industry analysts are looking for from Apple. My favorite reckless prediction is that Apple will begin competing more heavily in artificial intelligence. Apple's Siri was one of the first voice-based search tools before Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) entered the space with their smart home voice-activated devices. Amazon and Google beat Apple to market with their home assistant devices, but Apple isn't known for being an early market mover -- rather, Apple has a knack for swooping in with amazing products that in turn dominate the market that's already there. Let's not forget that Amazon and Google have ventured into Apple's world with their consumer electronics much more than Apple would be venturing into theirs with its own artificial intelligence assistant. Why Apple stock still looks like a great buy Finally, in terms of valuation, Apple still looks cheap. Even though the stock is up 20% over the past six months, it's still trading at just 14 times earnings. Compare that with around 25 times earnings on average for the S&P 500, Google at 30, and Amazon at 185. Also, Apple stock has run up quickly lately, but it's still down from its high of around $135 in mid-2015, so its recent run doesn't look unreasonable. Add to that a relatively cheap valuation, as well as all of the points covered here, that Apple stock also pays a 2% dividend yield, which could very well rise as Apple deploys more of its huge cash load in 2017. The best investment strategy is one that's well diversified, but for all of those points -- if I could only buy one stock, Apple continues to look like a great stock to buy and hold as a core long-term position.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Seth McNew owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Small town Colorado native, always content with just fresh air, blue skies, coffee, ... and a 10-K to pick through. Follow @bsmcnew Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 9:40AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $845.03 down $-11.95 (-1.39%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 up $100.00 (7.14%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $823.31 down $-8.84 (-1.06%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current If I Could Buy Only 1 Stock, This Would Be It @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $SSNLF, $GOOG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s brand new iOS update still doesn’t fix the iPhone battery bug driving people insane Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple on Tuesday released the final version of iOS 10.2.1, but the update doesn’t bring the one fix many iPhone users are desperately waiting for. iOS 10.2.1 will not improve battery life on the iPhone 6s, or on many older iPhone models that are affected by the dreaded “30% bug.” Don't Miss: iPhone 8: The 5 most exciting changes we expect Apple did launch a limited battery replacement program, but it only covers certain iPhone 6s models. The 30% battery bug — when an iPhone dies with plenty of battery remaining — has been detailed in various reports so far, prompting one Chinese regulator to take a public stance against Apple. But as Forbes notes, the release of iOS 10.2 actually made the 30% bug update worse in many cases, and Apple’s iOS 10.2.1 hasn’t brought any solutions. Apple did acknowledge the problem several weeks ago, hinting that a software update might fix it. But the company did not extend its battery replacement program to cover older iPhones. In fact, Apple recently denied such measures would be taken. The company already released the first iOS 10.3 beta, but it’s not clear whether it’ll address these battery issues. The upcoming software release is aimed at new features rather than fixing bugs, although it’s likely that the new build will contain various improvements and bug fixes as well. However, Forbes rightly points out that even if iOS 10.3 does fix these battery issues, the final public build likely won’t be released for another four to six weeks. That means affected users will still have to deal with an iPhone that can shut down unexpectedly, even if there’s plenty of battery life left. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores Everything new in iOS 10.3 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Charity appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Finally! You don't need an internet connection to send Whatsapp messages Handy for those lengthy Tube commutes Natalie Gil, Refinery29 Wednesday 25 January 2017 16:02 BST Click to follow ES Lifestyle Rejoice! You'll no longer need to wait until you have an internet connection to send messages on WhatsApp. Until now, WhatsApp for iOS would force users to wait until they had web access before they could send a message. But thanks to a new eagerly-awaited update for Apple iOS, WhatsApp will now put these messages in a queue and send them as soon as mobile signal returns. This will be handy for those of us (read: everyone) who are used to patchy signal while travelling on the train or Tube. No more desperately searching for a wifi hotspot before you can hit send on that crucial "running late" message. Read more WhatsApp launches Snapchat-style drawing and camera features iPhone users can get access to this feature by installing the latest version of WhatsApp (2.17.1) on their devices. The feature has been available to Android users for a while, according to a forum on Apple discussion platform AskDifferent. Sending messages offline isn't the only new capability available in the iOS update. WhatsApp will now allow users to send up to 30 photos or videos at once, up from the previous limit of 10, reported The Sun. A new 'storage screen' will also make it more straightforward to free up space on your iPhone by deleting messages. The best apps for Londoners 12 show all The best apps for Londoners 1/12 Zip car ‘Join, reserve, unlock and drive’ — it really is that simple. The capital’s preferred car club’s app gives 24/7 access to cars and vans in your neighbourhood and lets you extend or cancel reservations on the go. Free 2/12 Uncover Still on the waiting list for Chiltern Firehouse? You need Uncover, which redistributes cancelled reservations at some of the capital’s top restaurants, including The River Café and Nobu. Not for planning freaks, though — tables typically become free at 40 minutes’ notice. Free 3/12 Uber So popular it’s become a verb, this private driver service has revolutionised travel in the capital. It’s speedy and affordable, making it a welcome alternative to the night bus. Free 4/12 Santander Cycles Launched this summer, the official app for Boris’ fifth child can be used to search for nearby docking stations and check bike availability. There’s also a journey planner featuring easy, moderate and fast routes to satisfy all cycling tribes. Free 5/12 Plume Air Report This new app has been downloaded by 3,000 Londoners. Sensors gathering air pollution data submit updates every hour, resulting in a scale that ranges from ‘fresh’ to ‘extremely polluted’. Free 6/12 Nightcapp Here’s an app that will have booze hounds raising their glasses. NightCapp is a map that pinpoints more than 1,500 London watering holes that stay open past 11.30pm. It also shows users when a bar is about to close by highlighting it in orange. Better get moving. Free 7/12 Money Dashboard An award-winning budget planner, this helps you keep track of personal spending across multiple accounts, pay off credit cards and even makes suggestions on how to manage your finances better. Free 8/12 Her Promising to introduce women to ‘a lesbian that hasn’t slept with any of your friends’, this revamped dating app includes queer-themed news and blogs, upcoming event notices and an improved algorithm-matching system. Free 9/12 FoodMood This new startup, which reckons it’s ‘Tinder for food’, pledges to narrow down your choice of lunchbreak destinations. Hit ‘yum’ or ‘yuk’ on photos of dishes in your area. Juvenile, but strangely addictive. Free 10/12 Daily Yoga This offers more than 50 yoga sessions, as well as a database of 500 yoga poses. Suitable for all levels, programmes include yoga aimed at specific areas of the body and weight loss. Namaste to that. Free 11/12 Coffee Meets Bagel Billed as the ‘anti-Tinder’, this new kid on the block delivers just a single match to users once a day. Coffee Meets Bagel uses Facebook profile information to recommend suitors based on friends of friends. Neither coffee nor bagels are included. Free. 12/12 Bristlr Do you have a beard? Perhaps you’d like to stroke one on a regular basis? This can be arranged. Unlike other dating apps, Bristlr is unashamedly all about hooking up the hairy with the hairless. There’s even a beard-rating option for aficionados. Free Go to Settings > Data and Storage Usage > Storage Usage to find out how much space those never-ending friend and family group chats take up. You can then easily delete the content you don’t need and even get rid of specific types of files, such as videos, pictures, voice messages, documents, contacts and locations. Result. Read more from Refinery29: 15 Women At The Top Of Their Game Share Their Best Email Hacks New App Helps Pregnant Women Get A Seat On Public Transport The Obamas' Moving Final Tweets As @POTUS & @FLOTUS More about: Whatsapp Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → iOS 10.3 for iPhone and iPad Adds Find My AirPods Feature Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 25th, 2017 10:25 AM EST | News If you’re worried about losing your fancy new AirPods, Apple has your back—or your ear. iOS 10.3, which was released as a beta to developers on Tuesday, includes a newFind My AirPods feature to help you track down your wayward wireless earpods. iOS 10.3 beta lets you find your AirPods in Find My iPhone The feature is tucked away in the Find My iPhone app, which at this point should be renamed to something like “Find My Apple Stuff” because you can use it to find your iPhone, your iPad, your Apple Watch, your Mac, and now your AirPods, too. The Find My iPhone app shows your AirPods location as best it can based on their Bluetooth connection to your phone since they don’t have a built-in GPS. If you need a little more assistance, you can “ping” your AirPods so they beep out loud, much like using your Apple Watch to “ping” your iPhone when you can’t find it. “Pinging” AirPods from your Apple Watch seems like a no-brainer, so we’re hoping that’s something Apple adds soon. iOS 10.3 is available as a developer beta now, which means we aren’t too far out from it being an official release. When it does come out for the public, it’ll be a free download via Settings > General > Software Update. So now we know why Apple removed the Finder for AirPods app from the App Store earlier this month. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: AirPods, Find My iPhone, iOS 10.3 Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 10078 Jeff Gamet news 0 1485339929 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iOS 9.2.1 released; 8 reasons why should upgrade your iPhones, iPads and iPods with new firmware right now Apple iOS 10.2.1 comes with several security patches, which if not installed in the iPhones, iPads and iPods will make them vulnerable to hacking. Rohit KVN   January 25, 2017 20:21 IST Apple iOS 9.2.1 released; 8 reasons why should upgrade your iPhones, iPads and iPods new firmware right now. In Picture: Apple iPhonesApple Press Kit In a surprise move, Apple on Tuesday released the iOS 10.2.1 update to all the iOS 10 compatible iPhones, iPads and iPod Touch models. Many thought the new firmware to be an incremental update with minor improvements over the iOS 10.2, which was released in December 2016. Now, Apple has listed the complete change-log of the iOS 10.2.1 and it indicates that new update has lot of critical security patches, which if not installed in the devices will make them vulnerable to hacking. Also read: Android co-founder Andy Rubin's Essential mobile to take on Apple, Google and Samsung in 2017; all you need to know Here's why you should upgrade your Apple iPhones, iPads and iPods with iOS 10.2.1 update now: 1. It fixes Auto Unlock bug, which used to unlock iPhones/iPads without verification when Apple Watch is off the user's wrist 2. Fixes an input validation issue, which existed in the parsing feature of contact cards app. This apparently led the device to process a maliciously crafted contact card and cause unexpected application termination 3. Patches a buffer overflow issue in kernel and libarchive through improved memory management. If it wasn't addressed, hackers could have used malicious application to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges on Apple devices 4. Fixes multiple memory corruption, prototype access, memory initialisation issues. They were addressed through improved exception management, improved memory handling and enhanced input validation. 5. Previously, a validation issue existed in the handling of page loading, which lead to processing maliciously crafted web content that may exfiltrate data cross-origin. Now, this issue was addressed through improved logic. 6. An issue existed in the handling of blocking popups, which enabled malicious websites to popup in the screen. Now, the new iOS 10.2.1 addresses this issue through improved input validation. 7. A validation issue existed in the handling of variable handling, which caused processing maliciously crafted web content may exfiltrate data cross-origin. This issue was addressed through improved validation. 8. An issue existed with handling user input that caused a device to present the home screen even when activation locked. This resulted in activation-locked device vulnerable to manipulation to briefly present the home screen and leak sensitive information. This has been addressed through improved input validation. Note: iOS 10.2.1 is available to iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod touch 6th generation and later versions. How to install latest iOS v10.2.1 on iPhone, iPads and iPods: Via OTA (Over-The-Air): 1. Settings >> General >> Software update [Tip: Users' who want to install the update directly on the device via OTA, make sure to clear enough device storage space and also make sure the device has more than 50% battery life, before downloading the new OS firmware] Via iTunes 1. Back up your iPhone or iPad with either iCloud or via iTunes. 2. Launch iTunes on your Mac or PC. 3. Make sure you're on the latest version of iTunes. Go to About and then Check for Updates or visit iTunes.com. 4. Plug in your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch if it isn't already. 5. Click on iPhone, iPad, or iPod in the top left navigation. 6. Click on the Check for Update button in the first section that contains information about your device and alternately you can click restore instead if you'd like to do a clean wipe with updated software. 7. An update should be recognised, click on Download and Update in the popup menu and agree to any terms or conditions. 8. Unlock your device with your passcode if prompted in order to continue with the upgrade. Related Apple iPhone X with wraparound display coming this year Nokia 6 goes out of stocks within in a minute Lenovo launches Google Project Tango AR-phone Phab 2 Pro in India; price, specifications Also read Samsung lists all Galaxy S, A series devices eligible for Android Nougat update Moto Z Play Android Nougat update release schedule revealed Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Should you wait for Samsung Galaxy S8 or buy Galaxy S7? 14 hours ago By Raymond Ronamai Google Pixel 2 rumours: Improved camera, CPU and an affordable Pixel in the making 17 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Trump's Muslim ban brings focus back on Steve Jobs' heritage Why advertise with us? most popular Can Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 beat Moto G4 Plus, Lenovo K5 Note, OnePlus X and others? Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 will have to fight with devices like Moto G4 Plus, Lenovo K5 Note, OnePlus X and LeEco Le 2 in Indian market. Wait, WHAT! Feature phones are still preferred over smartphones by Indians 55% of the total handset shipments in India were made up of feature phones. The launch of 4G VoLTE-ready feature phones will certainly sustain the growth of feature phones this year as well Nintendo Switch confirmed launch games Nintendo Switch will be getting games like The Legend of Zelda, Just Dance 2017 and others when it launches on March 3, 2017. Nokia 6 Android phone goes on sale in Philippines Online retailer Lazada.com is offering Nokia 6 in Philippines at a $150 mark up price than in China. New Microsoft Xbox games slated to come in February 2017 February 2017 looks promising for Xbox owners across the world. New Xbox One backwards compatible games now live: Check out New Xbox 360 titles have recently joined the Xbox One backwards compatible fray. Android Nougat update released to Moto Z Play via OTA Moto Z Play owners in select regions of developed markets have started getting Android Nougat update notifications on their mobile phones. Update Moto X Play with Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM on Moto X Play. Photo Gallery Raghava Lawrence and Raai Laxmi on sets of Motta Shiva Ketta Shiva Item song shoot Actor Raghava Lawrence and actress Raai Laxmi on sets of Motta Shiva Ketta Shiva Item song shoot. Vidya Balan visits Anupam Kher's acting school to motivate students Bollywood actress Vidya Balan with Anupam Kher during a interactive session with students of Actor Prepares, in Mumbai on January 27, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Scattered snow showers this weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Cool start in the upper 20s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Colder evening brings snowflakes, raindrops Weather Getty Images Super Bowl quiz: Should you root for the Patriots or the Falcons? Sports Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and snow showers early Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain turns to snow overnight Weather Metro Detroit weather: When does next snow arrive? Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Early morning showers with temps in the 30s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures stay mild Wednesday Weather UM reveals new process for renaming facilities on campus News Getty Images Investigators seek tips about Upper Peninsula wolf poaching News Metro Detroit forecast: Light rain with temps in the 30s Weather Tech Apple wants to start making iPhones in India Fast-growing middle class presents opportunity By RISHI IYENGAR Posted: 9:38 AM, January 25, 2017 Updated: 10:12 AM, January 25, 2017 Carl Court/Getty Images More Tech Headlines The iPhone turns 10: Insiders look back NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) - President Trump wants U.S. companies to bring manufacturing jobs back home. Apple seems to have other ideas. Apple executives met with Indian government officials on Wednesday to discuss a plan to make iPhones in the southern city of Bangalore, a person familiar with the talks told CNNMoney. India's commerce ministry confirmed that the meeting took place but declined to comment on what was discussed. In a statement, Apple said it appreciated the "constructive and open dialogue we've had with government about further expanding our local operations." But it would not go into detail. Apple's plans to set up an iPhone production plant in India's main tech hub were first reported by the Times of India. The factory would be built in partnership with Taiwan-based manufacturer Wistron, the newspaper reported. The iPhone maker is trying hard to increase its presence in the fast-growing south Asian country as global sales stagnate. A year ago, it applied to open retail stores in India. CEO Tim Cook weighed in last May when he visited India and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi. India is pursuing a "Make in India" campaign to attract companies such as Apple. Modi's government has taken several steps to promote foreign investment, including partial exemptions to a rule that overseas firms must source 30% of raw materials locally. But so far it has stopped short of granting additional concessions to Apple, according to local media reports. "The ideal thing for the Indian government would be that they treat everyone fairly," said Kiranjeet Kaur, a research analyst at consulting firm IDC. "What is special about Apple and why should the Indian government be giving [concessions] to this particular company only?" Apple currently sells iPhones and other products in India through local distributors, but it lags far behind Samsung and Chinese brands such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Lenovo in terms of market share. The potential payoff is huge. India has more than 300 million smartphone users -- an 18% increase from the previous year -- according to technology research firm Counterpoint. It is projected to overtake the U.S. as the world's second largest smartphone market this year. India's fast-growing middle class presents an obvious opportunity, but with average annual incomes of $1,500, most of its 1.3 billion people can't afford Apple's pricey products. "If you're importing complete units the taxes for those are increasing and we don't see the government backing down in that regard," Kaur said. "For Apple, not having manufacturing in India raises the price of the iPhone even more." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Users can finally review the LG UltraFine 5K display on Apple.com 620 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Apple By Stan Schroeder2017-01-25 15:20:26 UTC If you hopped over to the LG UltraFine 5K display in Apple's online store recently, you may have noticed that something is missing: a star rating.  A Redditor accused Apple of removing the rating after a "storm of negative reviews," most of which had to do with the monitor failing to wake from sleep. However, it now appears the listing never had any reviews in the first place. SEE ALSO: Apple's website just got an update only total geeks will notice As of this writing, the product has no "Ratings & Reviews" section; we couldn't find a single user review for this particular monitor on Apple's site. In contrast, LG's smaller, 4K UltraFine monitor has a visible star rating at the time of this writing. Check out the screenshots of both products's pages, below. Image: Stan Schroeder/Mashable/Apple Image: Stan Schroeder/Mashable/Apple The rating for the 4K display is quite poor — only 2.5 stars — with many reviewers slamming the monitor for not waking from sleep when connected to a MacBook Pro, and some using that product's reviews section to complain about the 5K version.  "The display remains dark when connected to a 2016 MacBook. Once connected, the MacBook slows down and eventually crashes," one reviewer wrote, echoing similar complaints on Apple's support board.  "Decided to replace my Apple Thunderbolt display with the LG UltraFine 5K for my 2 monitor setup. The 5K has been a disaster. Black screen, screen flashes, eventually leading to a locked up computer," wrote another.  The two LG monitors were a sort of a replacement for Apple's own Thunderbolt displays, which were discontinued in 2016 and have been featured prominently during Apple's last Mac-centric event.  Update Jan. 25 12:06 p.m.: A source at Apple who didn't want to be named says the rating system, which will be exactly the same as it is for the 4K unit, will be turned on later today. Second update, Jan. 26, 4:04 p.m.: It now appears the reviews section on the 5K monitor was never active before Jan. 25. It is active now, and though there are still some complaints about the monitor not waking from sleep, accusations that Apple may have censored content on the page are unsubstantiated. We have amended the story and headline accordingly. BONUS: This device fixes the worst thing about the new MacBook Pro Topics: Apple, censorship, Gadgets, LG, lg ultrafine 5k monitors, ratings, reviews, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 Apple releases iOS 10.3 beta 1 to developers with Find My AirPods... watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch   skip to main content skip to main menu     A guide to using Travel Time in Calendar on iPhone and Mac By Steffen Reich, Jan 25, 2017 Tweet 10 Comments Travel Time is a nifty addition to Apple’s Calendar, capable of precisely estimating the duration of your upcoming trip based on parameters such as milage and traffic. Used properly, it can notably ease some of your daily scheduling woes, but paradoxically, a large contingent of regular Calendar users still routinely overlook the feature. Formerly introduced as frequent locations and traffic conditions widgets, the service has only slowly gained traction amongst users. Travel Time today however has come of age and is now neatly integrated into one of the most popular productivity applications both on iOS and macOS. So if you didn’t get the memo on the virtues of Travel Time in Calendar, here’s what you need to know. Why you should use Travel Time We have all been there before: you have a jam-packed day ahead of you and already squander way too much time just scheming routes and plotting where to leave at what time. Thorough preparation cannot hurt, I grant, but keep in mind that Apple’s Travel Time has been put in place to – if not supplant – at least assist you with exactly that. Setting up addresses and checking more boxes with every Calendar entry might sound gratuitous at first, but if the payoff is a lot less private time wasted mulling over your schedule, it is decidedly anything but that. The moment Travel Time is integrated, Calendar entries will send you timely alerts as to when you want to leave (accounting for changes in traffic conditions) in order to show up on time, and appointments are going to intelligently expand in your day-to-day view in order to reserve the time spent on the road. If you like the sound of this (why wouldn’t you?) and want one less thing to worry about on a busy stretch, check out our walkthrough. How to use Travel Time on iPhone, iPad or iPod touch Rigging up Travel Time on your iPhone or any other device running on iOS 10 can feel a little bit jarring if you are new to it, but once you have gotten the hang of it, the setting is added in no time. It is also somewhat intelligent in helping you set locations, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves. 1) First of all, open your Calendar and create a new entry. 2) On filling in event information, make sure to provide the appointment’s precise address. This will be important later on to ensure accurate travel estimates that you can trust. Tap Location. 3) If you know the event’s location, just go ahead and type it in the search bar, then click Done. Alternatively, start writing and wait for Calendar to suggest places. Suggestions will pop up right under another smart list labelled Recents. Tap the one you’re happy with to confirm. 4) Now that Calendar knows where you are headed, it needs to learn about your starting point. To feed it with that piece of information, find Travel Time in the list of items and select it. 5) Toggle the switch to the right in order to unveil a new menu. 6) You are now handed two options: there is a generic submenu of preset travel times, and above it (marked red), the superior smart tab. Preset times will not send you smart alerts accounting for traffic or actually take into account real data (miles), so we disregard those and instead tap Starting Location. 7) Immediately following your touch, you are prompted to detail your departure location. The interface is akin to the one from Step 3, so type or select your starting point. Keep in mind that you can quickly hit Current Location if this is your first appointment of the day and you are situated at home. 8) After this has been taken care of, a new set of items will pop up in the Travel Time register: this time however they are smart suggestions. As indicated by the icon next to it, Calendar has run the numbers and will predict the time you should block to get to your destination. Either by car, foot or public transport. Tick which of the three options applies to you and go back by hitting New Event. 9) This is the final sprint: as marked below, Travel Time will now have the predicted duration locked in. Finally, make sure that the Alert field reads Time to Leave. 10) When clicked, the tab preceding the fine print Calendar uses your location, this event’s location and traffic conditions to tell you when you need to leave should be active. This option is auto selected and will not be a concern of yours for future events you create. 11) You are all set for the first entry. Click Add to place the appointment in your Calendar. While thus far the process may look like an awful ordeal, do know that from here on, things get easier for two reasons. Step 9 and 10 can be skipped from here onwards. More importantly, and this is where Travel Time really shines, subsequent Calendar entries (taking place on the same day) are still going to ask you for the event’s location, but they will adopt your previous event’s location as the starting point for route calculations to your next event. If that is too technical, next time you arrive at Step 5 and toggle on Travel Time, the location will automatically appear based on where you have been roaming around before. You can of course choose to edit that if you travelled elsewhere in the meantime, but if you have a tight schedule this will be correct most often and function as a welcome shortcut. As soon as you have implemented Travel Time for your day, Calendar entries will reflect the additional travel time in block size and inform you when you need to scoot to get from from home to point A, or from A to B and so on and so forth: How to add Travel Time on macOS The steps required to make your Calendar entries a whole lot smarter on Mac are perhaps a little faster thanks to the trackpad. Navigation tools aside, it is pretty similar to the process on iOS, which is why I recommend skimming through the upper half of the tutorial first to get an overview of what Travel Time does and where it ultimately pays off. As alluded to earlier, events including smart Travel Time settings are going to take up more space in your Calendar. Here is a look at what three entries of that kind look like on my Mac. Instead of going through the basics again, this time we will hit the ground running and simply add another (green) smart Calendar entry to the already existing ones. We don’t have to start from square one here chiefly for two reasons: one, the clicks necessary are largely identical and two, you can always refer back to the iOS tutorial if you feel a question is unanswered. 1) In the final screenshot of the iOS rubric, you can see that I have created three blue Calendar entries, all of which already have locations attached to them. 2) We will now create a new entry (the green box) and squeeze it between two existing appointments. What a day! Double click on the timeline (that’s in the Day view). Or click + and adjust the time of the event. 3) What’s vital for Travel Time to work is that your Mac knows the location of the event (this step) and the point you are starting out from (next step). Start typing the appointment’s exact location at Add Location. Click it once suggested to confirm. 4) The only difference compared to the iOS tutorial is that we are planting an event in the midst of others, which are each already assigned to locations. In other words, the fifth line reading travel time is already magically delivering travel estimates on the basis that Calendar knows your whereabouts before the green event. Simply select if you are travelling from the preceding event by car, foot or public transport. 5) Click apply and your Mac will notify you whenever you need to get up from your last appointment, intelligently taking into account changing traffic conditions and alerting you if you need to leave earlier. To reiterate a point made earlier, if you do not have a location-based appointment scheduled prior to the entry you are currently working on, the Travel Time bracket is not going to automatically generate an approximate travel time until you actually click it once. In that event, as soon as you hit Travel Time, it is going to calculate the travel time required from home, inferring this is your first event of the day. Congratulations, you have made it to the end of it. Let me tell you that it takes a certain amount of discipline to perpetuate the habit of feeding the Travel Time bracket with your locations – but in the end it does save you some headaches and adds a lot of convenience to your day. If you are an avid Calendar user and have heaps of commitments day in and day out, on all accounts try to force yourself to make use of this feature. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to create Memories based on specific photos How to synchronize Desktop & Documents folders across other Macs, iOS devices & PCs How to use your iPhone to translate foreign words to English (no app required) Tip: quickly fix mispronounced Siri queries with “Maybe You Said” suggestions Related Topics Apple, Artificial intelligence, Calendar, GPS, How to, iCloud, iCloud Calendar, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPad Air 2, iPad Pro, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPod Touch, Mac, macOS, macOS Sierra, Siri, Travel, Tutorial Jamessmooth this is handy. Agneev Mukherjee So that Landscape view in Calendar – it’s only for the Plus models? Sebastien Correct ericesque I must be dyslexic. I read Time Travel for half the article wondering how I missed this feature making its way from Apple Watch to iPhone. Fred22433 When you indicate a specific travel time instead of one of the three built in modes of travel, why does it default to “Car”? How do I change that to “Transit” or “Walk” icon when specifying exactly 30 minutes or 1 hour? (I like to give myself extra time, and don’t drive, so my preference would be to always default to one of the other modes of transportation) Steffen Reich it looks like the only way to ensure the car icon does not pop up right now is to select one of the preset travel time options (5mins – 2hours) below the smart calculations. That way it won’t be car, but neither walk or transit. As soon as you click custom (on Mac that is), whatever you type in is going to conjure up the car icon (inexplicably). Stlaza So my location field does not pick up any addresses and it’s blank. How do I get calendar to pick up the address? Steffen Reich is this on iOS or your Mac? Perhaps start troubleshooting by checking if Location Services are switched on for Calendar (Privacy>Location Services>Calendar on iOS). If that’s all active, make sure you type in the destination address first (otherwise travel time won’t be able to compute the journey). Once that one is set, travel time should either calculate travel time from home or from your previous appointment (depending on what your day looks like). Stlaza Thanks Steffen, I did check that and it’s enabled. So I think the issue is my default calendar is my work exchange calendar. Tried setting gmail calendar as default and it then worked. I wonder why when exchange calendar is set as default location doesn’t work?? Steffen Reich peculiar indeed. Perhaps there’s restrictions coming with the work one that disable location services. Glad you were able to work around it!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more Infuse updated with support for DVD videos, NFS streaming, Library and folder search & more Chrome 56 for Mac released with lower power consumption, performance boost & more Apple officially joins non-profit AI research group as one of the founding members   The latest jailbreak news How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 ReachBoard lets you peek at your iOS clipboard in the Reachability view Heart Throb lets you favorite pictures in your Photos app with a double tap How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 iOS 10.2 Yalu jailbreak beta build now available iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 Apple releases iOS 10.3 beta 1 to developers with Find My AirPods... watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple will soon allow developers to respond publicly to App Store reviews By Christian Zibreg, Jan 25, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Following yesterday’s release of iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 betas, Apple announced new features allowing iPhone, iPad and Mac developers to respond publicly to reviews on App Store and Mac App Store while letting customers provide ratings and reviews without leaving their app. Speaking to The Loop’s Jim Dalrymple and Daring Fireball’s John Gruber, the Cupertino company provided some noteworthy highlights outlining the upcoming App Store review policy changes. “When iOS 10.3 ships to customers, you will be able to respond to customer reviews on the App Store in a way that is available for all customers to see,” notes Apple, adding that these new features will be available on both App Store and Mac App Store. Standardizing in-app review prompts No longer will iPhone, iPad and Mac apps be allowed to inundate you with prompts asking if you’d like to rate them or write reviews. That’s because rather than provide bespoke prompts, developers will be required to use a new App Reviews API. iOS Simulator screenshot of an in-app rating prompt via Calvin Chestnut. The App Reviews API handles these alerts much in the same manner as iOS manages existing dialogs for granting apps access to your location, Photos library, Contacts database, Motion capabilities and so forth. Opt out in Settings The new API gives more power to the user in terms of deciding whether or not they’d like to see these feedback prompts inside apps in the first place. A new toggle at the bottom of Settings → iTunes & App Stores will let you outright disable in-app reviews on a system-wide level at any time. Slide a new In-App Ratings & Reviews switch to the OFF position to prevent apps from asking for product feedback. This will momentarily stop in-app prompts for App Store reviews and ratings from appearing in all iOS 10.3 apps that have adopted the new API. Three prompts per app per year For the sake of user experience, the new API limits these prompts to three dialogs per year per app (the counter does not get reset each time the developer updates their app). If a user dismisses the prompt three times, they won’t be asked to review the app for another year. If a user rates the app, they won’t be prompted again. The new App Reviews API encourages developers to only ask users to write reviews after releasing a major new app version because, as you already know, App Store erases the average rating for an app with each update. Miscellaneous With iOS 10.3 and the new App Reviews API, responding to an in-app prompt asking to rate or review the app will no longer take you out of the app and into App Store. Customers now stay inside the app when rating or reviewing it. Additional, Apple now at long last permits developers to respond to customer reviews. Developers can only leave one public response for each user-posted review and their reply gets attached to the review in a thread-like fashion. It’s also very convenient that customers can now use 3D Touch to label a review as “Helpful” on iPhone 6/6s/7, which should help prevent the new API from being abused. Although existing apps won’t be required to adopt the new API right from the start, developers will be eventually pushed into using it as the only sanctioned way for apps to prompt for a review. Apple’s official documentation for developers states that existing apps can now create deep links that will lead users to an App Store product page and even to the screen where they can write a review. These new App Store and Mac App Store review features should be available to everyone once iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 release for public consumption and developers transition to the new App Reviews API. Source: The Loop, Daring Fireball Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Store and watch the latest news stories offline with Hyper News iOS 10: app sharing made simple with handy new 3D Touch shortcut HBO GO picks up support for Single sign-on and Apple’s new TV app iOS 10.3 will let apps change their Home screen icon at any time, no update required Related Topics App Store, App Store Apps, Apple, Apps, Developers, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10.3, News, Reviews   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more Infuse updated with support for DVD videos, NFS streaming, Library and folder search & more Chrome 56 for Mac released with lower power consumption, performance boost & more Apple officially joins non-profit AI research group as one of the founding members   The latest jailbreak news How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 ReachBoard lets you peek at your iOS clipboard in the Reachability view Heart Throb lets you favorite pictures in your Photos app with a double tap How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 iOS 10.2 Yalu jailbreak beta build now available iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Apple wants to start making iPhones in India - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple wants to start making iPhones in India Posted: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 10:03 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 10:03 AM EST President Trump wants U.S. companies to bring manufacturing jobs back home. Apple seems to have other ideas. Apple executives met with Indian government officials on Wednesday to discuss a plan to make iPhones in the southern city of Bangalore, a... By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- President Trump wants U.S. companies to bring manufacturing jobs back home. Apple seems to have other ideas. Apple executives met with Indian government officials on Wednesday to discuss a plan to make iPhones in the southern city of Bangalore, a person familiar with the talks told CNNMoney. India's commerce ministry confirmed that the meeting took place but declined to comment on what was discussed. In a statement, Apple said it appreciated the "constructive and open dialogue we've had with government about further expanding our local operations." But it would not go into detail. Apple's plans to set up an iPhone production plant in India's main tech hub were first reported by the Times of India. The factory would be built in partnership with Taiwan-based manufacturer Wistron, the newspaper reported. The iPhone maker is trying hard to increase its presence in the fast-growing south Asian country as global sales stagnate. A year ago, it applied to open retail stores in India. CEO Tim Cook weighed in last May when he visited India and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi. India is pursuing a "Make in India" campaign to attract companies such as Apple. Modi's government has taken several steps to promote foreign investment, including partial exemptions to a rule that overseas firms must source 30% of raw materials locally. But so far it has stopped short of granting additional concessions to Apple, according to local media reports. "The ideal thing for the Indian government would be that they treat everyone fairly," said Kiranjeet Kaur, a research analyst at consulting firm IDC. "What is special about Apple and why should the Indian government be giving [concessions] to this particular company only?" Apple currently sells iPhones and other products in India through local distributors, but it lags far behind Samsung and Chinese brands such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Lenovo in terms of market share. The potential payoff is huge. India has more than 300 million smartphone users -- an 18% increase from the previous year -- according to technology research firm Counterpoint. It is projected to overtake the U.S. as the world's second largest smartphone market this year. India's fast-growing middle class presents an obvious opportunity, but with average annual incomes of $1,500, most of its 1.3 billion people can't afford Apple's pricey products. "If you're importing complete units the taxes for those are increasing and we don't see the government backing down in that regard," Kaur said. "For Apple, not having manufacturing in India raises the price of the iPhone even more." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
