Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop OS iOS 11 Release To Exclude iPhone 5, 4th-Gen iPad & More – List of Supported Devices HERE By Necta Casiple on May 31, 2017 11:35 AM iOS users can expect tons of updates when iOS 11 launches at the Worldwide Developer’s Conference next week. Apple has always been good at keeping its older products updated, so we guess it’ll still try to make most devices suitable for the newest version. However, sooner or later, some of them just get too old, making them less of a candidate for the rollout. While the tech giant maintains a strong backward-compatibility with its device lineup, there have been indications that it is dropping support for 32-bit apps altogether with iOS 11. Starting with iOS 10.3, Apple has begun notifying users when they open a 32-bit app on iOS. The alert says the app must be updated by the developer or else it may no longer work with future versions of iOS. That could mean the end of support for 32-bit devices too, which suggests the iPhone 5 and fourth-generation iPad won’t be compatible with iOS 11. (…and it sounds like future A-series chips won’t even include 32-bit support. Wonder if that’ll free up any performance/die space?) — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) April 8, 2017 According to reports, iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s could also lose iOS compatibility this year. Since Apple has discontinued the iPad mini 2 and iPad mini 3, these tablets could be chopped too. However, these four retired devices are less likely to lose support than the first two mentioned above. Other retired handsets with iOS 10 compatibility, including the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, and iPad Air 2, should all be compatible with iOS 11, alongside the current models on the market. AppDevice When is the iOS 11 release? The new OS should be shown off during Apple’s June 5 keynote. However, it won’t likely be fully released until the fall. The Cupertino-based company usually debuts the new version of iOS on or around the time it launches a new model of the iPhone. If it follows the same pattern this year, that’ll be sometime in September. There have been rumors of a possible iPhone 8 delay due to production issues, but it seems unlikely that the final iOS 11 release date would be pushed back also. What are the expected iOS 11 features? Apple always kees its cards close to its vest when it comes to software, but here are a few possibilities: Siri updates – Apple is said to pump up Siri‘s ability to communicate more naturally. In combination with the company’s heavy investments in machine learning, this could make its voice assistant more powerful than ever, able to handle complex queries in a single bound. Apple Music with video – According to Bloomberg, Apple executive Jimmy Iovine said that a version of Apple Music that “better showcases video” would be among the features of the iOS 11. Group Facetime – This is a new group chat feature, similar to Hangouts and Skype, that should be coming to FaceTime. The update will allow multiple users to join a single call; which has been the app’s most obvious missing feature. Dark Mode – Dark or Night mode changes native apps from their stark white background to something a lot darker to help with nighttime visibility. Maps improvements – Rumors have it that the company will begin using drones and indoor navigation technology to improve its still flailing Maps app. The drones would reportedly be utilized to offer up more reliable data in the app– something it still desperately needs. Person-to-person Apple Pay – One feature has been missing from the Apple Pay since its launch last year: the ability to easily send payments between users of Apple devices, so a money-swapping feature might be in the offing for this year. Also Read: iOS 11 Release, Features: What to Expect from Apple’s Next iOS iOS 11 Release To Exclude iPhone 5, 4th-Gen iPad & More – List of Supported Devices HERE May 31st, 2017Necta Casiple 1 Share Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:iOS 11, ios 11 release, WWDC 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iOS 11 Release, Features: What to Expect from Apple’s Next iOS Apple’s iOS 10 Could Make 200,000 Apps Obsolete This iOS 11 Concept Video Shows How Dark Mode, Group FaceTime & More Could Look On iPhones Product SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad NVidia GTX 1070 TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone Old Man’s Journey (App) Steam Controller About the author Necta Casiple Featured The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Street Fighter 5 Update 1.10 Possibly Reveals The Next DLC Fighter HTC & Intel To Release Wireless HTC Vive VR Headset Next Year The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers Apple MacBook 2018 To Feature 30 Percent Performance Boost With Intel Coffee Lake Processors By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 31, 2017 12:36 PM Apple is expected to announce the update to its MacBook line of laptops. The Worldwide Developers Conference event to be held in San Jose, CA on June 5 is said to the be venue for the announcement. While this may sound exciting to Apple fans, perhaps looking at what the future might bring for the MacBook 2018 might give them some more enjoyment. Intel just announced yesterday at the Computex 2017 event in Taiwan that is has successfully tested its latest processor architecture. The company registered a 30-percent performance improvement on its Coffee Lake processors. This performance boost, compared to the current Kaby Lake lineup is quite impressive in the scheme of things. In addition to announcing the said performance gains, Intel also said that it will make the Coffee Lake processors available in the market as early as the second half of 2017. MacBook lineup (via engadget.com) This could mean that MacBook 2018 releases will be able to take advantage of the new processors’ performance gains. This and longer battery life due to the improved efficiency of the new processors. At the moment, the current MacBook laptops are still on older Intel processors, mostly with Skylake architecture. Many consumers expected Apple to release the MacBook Pro on Kaby Lake processors. Unfortunately, the availability made it impossible at the time. This is why Apple is reported to be planning a release of Kaby Lake-powered MacBook laptops next month. Having an updated MacBook 2018 release is a welcomed change especially for hardcore Mac fans. For now, it is still too soon to tell whether Intel will be able to deliver its promise for the Coffee Lake processors. Last year, the company experienced some major delays in the release of the Kaby Lake processors that inevitably affected the MacBook Pro. For more updates on the MacBook 2018, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper Apple MacBook 2018 To Feature 30 Percent Performance Boost With Intel Coffee Lake Processors May 31st, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, Intel Coffee Lake, MacBook 2018 specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Product Old Man’s Journey (App) Super Rude Bear Resurrection Razer Blade Stealth Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold Ninite VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Need For Speed 2017 Possibly Las Vegas-Bound Mafia 3 Stones Unturned Review: Fan Impressions From The Three-Hour Expansion The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Need For Speed 2017 Possibly Las Vegas-Bound Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Local governments Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/SGVTribune Home â News â Local governments Former South El Monte councilman says Apple product purchases uncovered by state audit were legitimate By Christopher Yee, San Gabriel Valley Tribune Posted: 05/30/17, 8:43 PM PDT | Updated: 32 secs ago # Comments SOUTH EL MONTE >> A former city councilman referenced in a state audit as one of the South El Monte officials who used city-issued credit cards to make thousands of dollars in purchases — including bar tabs and Apple electronics — will be one of the candidates Wednesday seeking to fill the spot on the City Council vacated by the city’s former mayor imprisoned on corruption charges. Willhans Ili was appointed to the City Council in 2010 and was elected to a full term in 2011. He was unsuccessful in his bid for re-election in 2015, when now-Mayor Gloria Olmos was elected to the council. An audit of the city’s financial controls from 2013 to 2015 released last week by State Controller Betty Yee’s office showed former City Manager Anthony Ybarra and a handful of City Council members used credit cards to pay for extended hotel stays, bar tabs and expensive electronics. Ili was found to have used his card to pay for a $50 bar tab and $2,592.77 on a MacBook Pro laptop, Apple TV and accessories. In an interview Tuesday, Ili said although the audit described it as a “bar tab,” the $50 charge was for a meal at the Aria Hotel in Las Vegas, within his per diem allowance. The tab did not include alcohol. Ili said he and other council members were at the hotel for a National Association of Latino Democratic Officials conference. He also said the Apple purchases were scheduled upgrades for his city-issued laptop and iPad, which had become outdated. The Apple TV allowed him to display items from his laptop, iPad or iPhone to TV screens. He said the purchase was not for personal use. Ili said he returned the Apple electronics to the city, and provided a memo sent from interim City Manager Jennifer Vasquez requesting their return. The memo didn’t say when the items were returned. He said he believed the State Auditor’s staff was not presented enough information when they reviewed the city credit card records. “I don’t think the city kept good enough records about the purposes for charges,” Ili said. “I just think they could’ve used more information.” Also referenced in the audit were current council members Hector Delgado and Angelica Garcia. Like Ili, both were found to have made purchases of Apple products. Delgado was also found to have charged a stay at the Aria in Las Vegas for the same conference Ili attended. However, interim Vasquez disputed that Delgado made the purchase. Advertisement City Councilman Joseph Gonzales said the behavior of the city’s leaders was unacceptable. “I’m glad the State Controller’s Office looked into the credit card charges along with everything else they examined,” Gonzales said. “When I first asked them to come audit the city, we weren’t even thinking about the credit cards, but now it’s easy to see that they were handled with little oversight.” Olmos said though he was referenced in the audit, Ili would still be considered for appointment to the City Council just like all of the other candidates. But she said the audit backed up why she wouldn’t support any former city council members or mayors for the spot. “It would be a slap in the face to the voters who voted them out,” Olmos said. “People voted them out for a reason. Who am I to bring them back in?” Following the audit, Ili said he intended to remain a candidate for the vacant spot on the council. Released Thursday, the audit detailed lax oversight in South El Monte that, in addition to the abuse of credit cards, led to hundreds of thousands of dollars in spending on consulting contracts. “South El Monte officials demonstrated a culture of incompetence and blatant disregard for accountability of taxpayer dollars,” Yee said in a statement. “I am especially concerned with their exorbitant lobbying and consulting expenses that resulted in undefined benefits to the city and its residents.” Contractors hired by the city have been under scrutiny since a June 2016 audit that uncovered similar issues. That audit, conducted by a firm hired by the city, found Ybarra executed contracts with two consulting firms that never went before the council. The auditors further found that those contractors didn’t keep records of their work. The conclusion of the report was that the city left itself an easy target for fraud. One of the candidates for the vacancy Wednesday will fill the spot left by former Mayor Luis Aguinaga, who resigned in 2016. Aguinaga was the subject of a years-long FBI investigation that found he took tens of thousands of dollars in bribes from a city contractor over seven years. Aguinaga was sentenced to one year in jail in April. In addition to Ili, here’s the entire list of applicants for appointment to the City Council: • Valle Lindo School District board member Richard Angel • City Planning Commissioner Leonel Barrera, Jr. • City Patriotic Commissioner Francisco Duarte • Resident Arnold Martinez • Former City Councilman Raul Pardo • City Community Services Commissioner Gracie Retamoza • Mountain View School District board member Veronica Sifuentes • Former City Council candidate Gil Zepeda Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Christopher Yee is a staff writer for the San Gabriel Valley Tribune. He covers the cities of El Monte, South El Monte, Alhambra and San Gabriel. Reach the author at cyee@scng.com or follow Christopher on Twitter: @ChrisMYee. Full bio and more articles by Christopher Yee Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Lasting Legacy College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Suppliers fall if Apple has bad news, but this one could overcome a drastic iPhone slowdown Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc 3 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Taiwanese manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry earns a notable chunk of revenue from assembling iPhones, leaving it exposed to swings in demand for Apple smartphones. But the company's ability to do high volume, value-added manufacturing at a reasonable cost may cushion it from any potential slowdown in demand for iPhones in the long term, a JPMorgan analyst told CNBC. It is expected to assemble the bulk of Apple's newest smartphones due later this year, and may benefit from a supercycle. "Hon Hai, at the end of the day, is a process company," said Gokul Hariharan, Asia tech analyst and head of Taiwan equity research at JPMorgan. "If you look at the history of Hon Hai over the last 20 years, product cycle has not really mattered as much." Sean Gallup | Getty Images He explained the company has always tried to run a vertically integrated business model, where it started with connectors and other components business before going into assembly in mid-to-late 90s. First Hon Hai assembled desktops when they were still the main tech product; then it moved into game consoles, feature phones with Motorola and Nokia, and music players for Apple before moving onto smartphones. "So all along, the skill set they're providing is high volume manufacturing at a very reasonable cost and very strong execution," Hariharan said, adding the manufacturer also brings in a fair bit of technology elements into its offering. "Which is why it feels like it may not be very directly linked to product cycles in the long term." Along the way, Hon Hai added some components businesses to their operations in an attempt to maximize the value, in terms of dollar content, within any product they assemble, according to Hariharan. Last year's acquisition of troubled Japanese electronics maker Sharp meant Hon Hai now had access to two major components of a smartphone: camera modules and display. These two functionalities are usually expected to be upgraded by smartphone vendors, even when other features of handsets may remain the same. "If you look at most tech products, display is typically one of the largest cost items in terms of components," Hariharan said. Japanese business daily Nikkei reported in January that Hon Hai and Sharp were mulling over building a factory in China — where the iPhones are assembled — to make OLED display panels. The proximity could theoretically reduce components cost for making the iPhone. The next generation of iPhones are expected to come with OLED display and currently Samsung Display will provide the bulk of these panels for Apple. show chapters Cramer: iPhone 8 cycle will be a big one    Monday, 22 May 2017 | 9:16 AM ET | 01:49 Reuters reported that Hon Hai and Sharp have teamed up to bid for Toshiba's prized memory chip business. Hariharan said a potential move into the semiconductor business was underpinned by the fact that Hon Hai made close to 20 to 25 percent in revenue from enterprise and cloud; the company assembles servers, storage elements and switches for tech companies and enterprise is a big driver for NAND flash, he added. The other two major contract electronics manufacturers that assemble iPhones — Pegatron and Wistron — also remain exposed to Apple, at least in the short term. Wistron is a latecomer to the assembly equation and handles mostly the older iPhones. Hariharan said JPMorgan has a conservative view on Wistron because the company is still making the transition from producing lower-end handsets to the most advanced; it needs to build up capacity to handle the high volume seen in the first quarter of new iPhone launches, where Apple can sell more than 10 million units on the opening weekend. "If you're not a vendor who is able to support that volume ramp in that period, then you never get peak volume for your capacity," he said. Meanwhile, some of Apple's more specialized suppliers — who provide components such as camera modules — remain well-hedged in their business because they serve the global smartphone market — meaning, they were also selling into other smartphone brands. For example Samsung or SK Hynix supply memory to majority of the smartphone brands. "They don't have the same level of cyclicality," said Hariharan, but they don't enjoy the same benefits from a surge in demand for iPhones. "They won't have the same upside when you have a very strong iPhone cycle, in terms of their revenues and profits." show chapters Apple, Samsung lose market share to Chinese phone makers    Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | 4:25 PM ET | 01:03 For the moment, Hariharan expects the dynamics between Apple and its suppliers to remain in the short term: this means iPhone assemblers like Hon Hai, Pegatron and Wistron will stay exposed to the iPhone product cycle and their revenues will swing accordingly. But in the longer term, if smartphones are replaced by something bigger, Hariharan said a company with a vertically integrated business model such as Hon Hai could be the partner of choice to assemble it. JPMorgan's price target for Hon Hai by year-end is NT$112 ($3.72). On Wednesday morning at 10:40 a.m. HK/SIN, Hon Hai shares traded at NT$104. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryReporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 66 --- 3231-TW --- 4938-TW --- 6753.T --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  News Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share by Alan Martin  |  Wednesday 31 May 2017  | Comment Now Switch to iPhone site and adverts target perceived Achilles’ heels of Google’s operating system. Between 2006 and 2009, Apple ran a series of ads targeting the main competitor of the company at the time: Microsoft.   Eight years later and things are very different – the opposition has changed, and the stadium has moved. Mobile internet browsing overtook the desktop for the first time last year, and that’s a crossover point to which there’s no coming back from. In the mobile space, there’s only one rival worth worrying about, and it sure as hell isn’t Microsoft. The full statistics from quarter four last year are hidden behind that link, but to save you a click, Android had 81.7% of the market, followed by iOS on 17.9%. The remaining 0.4% was divided between Windows, “Other” and BlackBerry – the latter of which had a marketshare so small it could be rounded down to 0.0%. So it’s no surprise that Apple’s latest campaign is targeted at the rival with a marketshare worth eating away at. To that end, the company has launched a section of their site dedicated to switching to iPhone, which covers topics such as ease of use, the camera, sustainability, speed and customer satisfaction. Android is namechecked just twice in the page, though given the webpage’s title tag reads “Switch from Android to iPhone – Apple,” I think we can be pretty confident as to who they have in mind. Still, perhaps Apple’s marketing department regarded that as a bit too subtle, because they’ve now launched three new 16-second adverts on the company YouTube channel, and two of them take a pretty direct swipe at perceived weaknesses in the Android armour. First up: security. Next, Apple targets the kind of choppiness you can get on low-end Android phones (a little harsh, given that’s down to phone specifications rather than the OS itself, but that’s advertising for you): Finally, Apple provides a visual demonstration of how easy it can be to relocate all your contacts to their new home: If you’re thinking all of these are a touch underwhelming, I agree with you.  Related Articles Apple and Microsoft go head to head - again Microsoft tops Apple in tablet satisfaction survey Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Google and more rally against Trump's travel ban In the game of warranty roulette, you either win, or you lose... Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  android  |  apple  |  microsoft   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Interview: Wargaming's Mohamed Fadl, and the 2017 Wargaming.net League finals     Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017     Intel announces new X-series CPU family, including Core i9 chips     Japanese PS3 production ceases     Easily migrate your web passwords with LassPass to 1Password   More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung and Apple sales dip as Chinese rivals surge << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung to reveal “stretchable” display tomorrow, report claims << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS New Android O details unveiled at Google I/O 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Those weird Android emojis are getting a facelift << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) NEWS 4 big announcements from Google I/O 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Assistant launches for iPhone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Android O will enable more regular patching << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Netflix blocks rooted Android phones from getting its app << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Poqit wallet stores your cash, charges your phone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc Handhelds News Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 Feature Play retro games on your Android device with these excellent emulators Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Five ERP systems compared How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero Four free VPN apps compared Around the stands at CeBIT 2017 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Atlassian, Harvey Norman, TPG bosses rank among Australia's richest business leaders NetApp acquires two companies to boost cloud storage Inside the investigation that took down Plutus Payroll Number of homes in NBN limbo balloons Few users go through with expensive NBN tech switches ATO reveals cause of SAN failure ANZ Bank looks to DIY tech under Maile Carnegie NBN Co promises more FTTC 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup 13 tips for starting out in Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds First Thoughts: Dark Souls newbie vs The Surge About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | MYT 11:00 AM Apple poised to take on streaming biz as services segment flourishes by jan dawson A little more than 80% of Apple's total revenues over the past year have come from hardware sales, with iPhones accounting for nearly two-thirds of the total and iPads and Macs another 20%. But Apple's Services segment generated around 13% of the total. — Bloomberg LOS ANGELES: The vast majority of Apple's revenue still comes from iPhones, Macs, iPads and other hardware. But its Services business has become its fastest-growing segment – and hidden within that unit is a content business that's growing tremendously.  A little more than 80% of Apple's total revenues over the past year have come from hardware sales, with iPhones accounting for nearly two-thirds of the total and iPads and Macs another 20%. But Apple's Services segment generated around 13% of the total.  The segment includes iTunes, iBooks and the App Store as well as revenues from Apple Music, Apple Pay and money Google sends to Apple for featuring its search engine in its Safari browser. It's become the fastest-growing part of Apple's business, averaging 20% growth year on year even as Apple's iPhone business has shrunk a little.  The Services business has become so important to Apple that the company has set a formal target of doubling revenues from the segment between 2016 and 2020. But the segment is also something of a black box, containing many different parts of Apple's business across a range of areas, none of which Apple breaks out explicitly.  Yet it's possible to arrive at some pretty decent estimates of the size of the constituent parts and, specifically, to break out the content business. That business generated about US$15bil (RM64.21bil) in net revenue for Apple in 2016 – around 7% of its total revenues.  If we look at Apple's gross take from its content business, the number is even more impressive. On that basis, revenue was nearly US$8bil (RM34.25bil) in the March 2017 quarter, and the scale of the content business is approaching that of some of the largest congloms.  That quarterly revenue number was roughly double CBS' quarterly income; it was about the size of total 21st Century Fox revenues toward the end of last year; and it eclipsed NBCUniversal business (minus theme parks). The only major content businesses bigger were Time Warner's and Disney's. And Apple is rapidly closing in on Time Warner.  This scale and rapid rate of growth make Apple's content business unique among its peers, and that puts it in a powerful position to invest, even in original content. We're seeing the start of that effort with a series of acquisitions for videos to play in Apple Music, including a series from The Late Late Show host James Corden. But Apple could easily increase that spending if it becomes serious about a standalone subscription video offering.  So far, the company isn't trying to compete directly with Netflix, which it sees as a partner and a customer. But there's no financial reason why Apple couldn't begin to challenge not just Netflix but Amazon, HBO, Hulu and any number of other players that invest in original content. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages From hearing aids to dental crowns: 3D printing in medicine Robots may help defuse demographic time bomb in Germany, Japan Take a moment for mindfulness with the latest meditation wearables 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Brave Mladenovic carries French hopes ‘Cycling enhances relationships’ At least 15 killed, 300 wounded in Kabul blast, says health official advertisement Latest News Group linked to NSA leaks says will release more data in July Android creator unveils new phone, home assistant device British Airways flights restored but questions remain after weekend IT meltdown Chinese billionaire’s app struggles to lure buyers back to malls US says expanding laptop ban still on the table Most Viewed in Tech Chinese billionaire’s app struggles to lure buyers back to malls Here’s how hackers are targeting your new chip credit card Android creator unveils new phone, home assistant device British Airways flights restored but questions remain after weekend IT meltdown Uber fires executive at centre of driverless car legal fight iPhone 8 testing allegedly going badly: reports Nokia updates ye olde 3310 Samsung Tab S3 to hit store shelves on June 1 US says expanding laptop ban still on the table From hearing aids to dental crowns: 3D printing in medicine Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ Share Tweet Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext TV Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ By Arron Hirst 3 hours ago Share Tweet Set to begin streaming exclusively on Apple Music – next month, documentary film ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ will chronicle the rise of Harlem-born U.S rapper, Sean John Combs, better known to most as Puff Daddy … …and ahead of the film’s worldwide airing on June 25, Apple over the weekend began promoting an extended trailer for the Live Nation, Bad Boy production across social media, as it aims to drum up hype … A post shared by Apple Music (@applemusic) on May 24, 2017 at 10:50am PDT The long-form film is just the latest in a string of precisely targeted, calculated moves that the company hopes will perpetually help it to bring in new waves of paying subscribers to Apple Music, as the streaming giant continues to battle to remain relevant against the likes of Spotify… and others. / Image via VIPE Watch the Trailer on Apple Music. Not yet a Member? Subscribe to Apple Music New members get 3 months free. Exclusions apply. Student? Save 50% on your monthly Apple Music subscription. Subject to eligibility. Continue Reading You may also like... Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext Related Topics:5/25, AM, Apple Music, Can't Stop, Doc, Docudrama, Documentary, Extended Trailer, Harlem, June 25, Puff Daddy, Rap, Rapper, Rise, Sean Combs, Trailer, TV, U.S, Video, Watch Now, Won't Stop Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in TV iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst7 hours ago Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew... TV Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. By Arron Hirst28th May 17 3:54 am Those awaiting the conclusion of Netflix’s original U.S hit Bloodline may be pleased to learn that... Movies Apple Celebrates Life and Work of Sir Roger Moore By Arron Hirst24th May 17 3:22 pm Citing that for decades the legendary actor epitomised “sly British cool,” after establishing himself as a... TV FREE HD Pilots: The Kennedys, Poldark + ‘The Path’ at Limited-Time Price By Arron Hirst18th May 17 8:04 pm If you’re looking to watch something other than Style’s behind-the-scenes album exclusive this weekend, you may... TV Deals: ‘Planet Earth: The Complete Collection’ Drops To £17.99 HD By Arron Hirst14th May 17 2:21 am Just days after it featured Planet Earth II as its ‘TV Show of the Week’ –... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... TV Now Available To Developers: tvOS 10.2.1 (Beta 5) By Arron Hirst4th May 17 10:57 pm Developers looking to test their tvOS apps against Apple’s incoming update to the platform will want... TV ‘Planet Earth II’ Drops To £7.99 HD as Apple’s “TV Series Of The Week” By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:40 am Those yet to experience the stunning nature and location videography offered up by Sir David Attenborough’s... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Lego Batman: 2-Movie Bundle X-Men: $9.99 Movies Recent Releases: $7.99 or Less 69¢ Songs Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 Will SmithSophie TurnerQueen Latifah Tuesday, 30 May 2017 (11 hours ago) Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is based on the popular Carpool Karaoke segment from "The Late Late Show with James Corden." Apple purchased rights to the show back in mid-2016 and showed off the first trailer in February. The show was originally supposed to launch in April, but its debut was delayed. "Carpool Karaoke" will feature 16 half-hour episodes starring celebrity pairs riding in a car as they sing songs together. Each episode, produced by James Corden, Ben Winston, and Eric Kankowski, will feature a different host. New episodes will premiere on Tuesdays. Excited to roll out #CarpoolKaraoke: The Series on @AppleMusic — Coming August 8! — Eddy Cue (@cue) May 30, 2017Today's "Carpool Karaoke" update includes a list of each of the celebrities pairings that will be featured on the show, ranging from Will Smith and James Corden to "Game of Thrones" stars Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available solely to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries.Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Entertainment - 7 hours ago< > Embed When Is "Carpool Karaoke" Coming To Apple Music? 00:40 Apple announced that its streaming service will release its adaptation of James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" on August 8. This is the company's first move into orginal video for Apple Music. The series will be available to subscribers who pay $9.99 a month for the streaming service. Apple first... You Might Like Recent related news Apple’s Carpool Karaoke series will debut August 8thApple has announced the release date for its first — and so far biggest — original series. Carpool Karaoke will debut August 8th on Apple Music, iTunes... The Verge 10 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •S.China Morning Post •AppleInsider •Business Insider •Macworld •engadget •Billboard.com Apple Music sets Aug. 8 as new release date for 'Carpool Karaoke'Apple Inc's Apple Music streaming service will release its adaptation of comedian James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" to subscribers beginning on Aug. 8, the... DNA 10 hours ago - ScienceAlso reported by •Reuters Other recent news in Computer Industry Android Creator ANDY RUBIN Debuts 'Essential' Phone Apple’s first original series ‘CARPOOL KARAOKE’ finally gets a premiere date: August 8 Killer Deals: $300 off top of the line 15" MACBOOK PRO with Touch Bar; $200-$300 off high-end 13" MACBOOK PROs with no tax in 48 states NORTH KOREAN company launches own 'iPad,' ignoring Apple trademarks NVIDIA MAX-Q Laptops Offer 3x Performance, Are 3x Thinner 33% off Prey for Xbox One and PLAYSTATION 4 - Deal Alert Twitter AppMarsh.com ‘Carpool Karaoke’ series no one asked for debuts on Apple Music August 8th https://t.co/nLIwKQ4xxO https://t.co/elSZow3IV6 11 minutes ago ⭐️⭐️Noah⭐️⭐️ 🌐 RT @iDropNews: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Debuts on Apple Music This August https://t.co/OU4ii1HLa9 14 minutes ago ambitionbeats Apple’s “Carpool Karaoke” Series Will Premiere In August - James Corden will appear on the Apple Music series, ... https://t.co/xbIsGXqpbl 14 minutes ago Scott Fulkerson Apple's '#Carpool_Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 https://t.co/IdX3cDEUzc @scottia https://t.co/2dKy4n8EiC 24 minutes ago Marco Ferrer ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Debuts on Apple Music This August https://t.co/UsKumWqQyG #News #rt https://t.co/Qx1b09C4QN 27 minutes ago Barbie RT @Variety: .@AppleMusic Sets #CarpoolKaraoke Series Premiere Date After Delay https://t.co/WqvwLsiWh0 28 minutes ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Kathy Griffin Ivanka Trump Chase Utley Scott Pelley Current Topics Orlando International Airport Orlando Airport Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Baywatch Nintendo Shares Hit Their Highest Since 2010 - Is The Switch To Thank? Why Is This Latest McDonald's Commercial Causing Controversy? Forget Pokemon GO - It's Time To Make Your Magikarp Jump Which Popular TV Show Is Getting A Scooby-Doo Crossover? Trump Vows To Punish The Manchester Attack Leaker The Nokia 3310 Revival Has Arrived - But Is It Worth It? Trying To Avoid Trump? Don't Blend In With The Curtains Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch More Than Stickers: Exploring iMessage App Utilities By Ryan Christoffel It has been nearly a full year since Craig Federighi introduced the iMessage App Store to developers at WWDC. Coming out of that keynote, it was easy to guess that sticker packs might become a hit with users, but the big unknown surrounded the idea of more powerful iMessage apps. Would anyone actually want to use iMessage for anything more than basic messaging? The challenge with creating a great iMessage app is similar in ways to that of creating a great Apple Watch app. In most cases it requires taking an existing app and stripping functionality down to its simplest form, while still retaining the overall usefulness and power of the full app. And as is true with Watch apps, some iMessage apps tackle the challenge well, while others fail to be useful due to slow or overcomplicated interfaces. The first year of the iMessage App Store has been dominated by stickers, but amidst the crazy sharks and flaming pizza, there are a number of interesting and creative apps serving as helpful utilities as well. I have tried out iMessage apps for ordering food, managing files, sharing calendars, sending payments, planning meetings, and more. What follows is a list of some of my favorites. Unitrans: Unitrans is an iMessage-only app that translates your words, using a variety of language options, so you can send intelligible messages in a language that's foreign to you. It's a free download, but after you try it, the $1.99 In-App Purchase is a must. With the IAP the app will remember the default language for each conversation so you only have to select it once. Without the IAP, you'll have to manually set the correct language every time you use Unitrans, which is a terrible experience because the interface for selecting a language is painfully slow. Depending on the language you need, you have to tap the down arrow countless times to find it. The IAP limits that experience to the first time you message someone new with Unitrans, so I highly recommend it. Once you get the app set up, it is remarkably simple to use, and makes a perfect fit for iMessage. Starbucks: Although some food and drink-focused iMessage apps allow you to place a group order from within Messages, Starbucks went a simpler route. The one function of the app is sending digital Starbucks gift cards to friends – a task accomplished with ease using Apple Pay. Opening the app presents a number of gift card design options, with themes related to birthdays, congratulations, graduations, and more. Tap on the design you'd like to send, and you can choose from three amount options: $5, $10, and $25. Next you just have to hit a 'Buy' button, scan your fingerprint to authorize Apple Pay, and the gift is ready to send away. Starbucks has really nailed the presentation and ease of use here, making this app a great option when you want to surprise someone with a gift. Fandango: Fandango has packed the full ticket-purchasing experience into its iMessage app, and it works quite well. Upon opening the app, you're greeted with an assortment of movie posters that represent the top films currently showing in your area. If you don't see what you're looking for, there's a search option as well. With a movie selected, you'll see all of its showings at theaters nearby, and after selecting a showtime you're presented with two options: Buy or Send Info. The former walks you through the remainder of the purchasing process, including things like seat selection if your theater has reserved seats. Everything can be completed directly from Messages, then those tickets can be sent to your friends. If you're not ready to buy yet, you can hit Send Info to create a rich media card that can be sent to your friends. This card includes imagery from the film, the rating, running length, Rotten Tomatoes score, and the details of the showing you selected. The recipient, upon tapping this card, can hit the 'Let's Go' button or suggest a different showtime. Venmo and Square Cash: Each of these services for sending and receiving money is built around simplicity; once you have an account setup, using Venmo or Square Cash is quick and easy. It makes sense, then, that each service would work well in iMessage. Venmo has the edge, as its iMessage app allows both sending and requesting payment, whereas Square Cash only permits the former. Rumors indicate that Apple is working on a peer-to-peer payment expansion of Apple Pay, which may prove an even simpler alternative to these options. For now though, sending and receiving money doesn't get much easier than these iMessage apps. Who's In: Microsoft introduced Who's In last month as an easy way to plan outings with friends. When playing the role of event planner, you can use the app to browse restaurants, movie showtimes, or nearby attractions. Once you've found what you're looking for, making that selection will then prompt you for the date and time of the outing. Those details are sent to your friends in a rich card interface that looks great. When they receive your message, tapping the card will allow them to vote on if they're in for the plans or not. The ease of responding to a proposed event makes Who's In a clever, streamlined method of event planning. Pocket: Pocket is one of the premier read-later services available today, and its iMessage app is the best way to share articles from the service through Messages. Opening the app will present a list of recent articles saved to My List. If the article you're looking for isn't there, you can use the search box to find articles both from My List and from your Archive. Selecting an article shares its native link containing a featured image, title, and link source. Alternately, if you instead share from the main Pocket app using the share sheet, what you'll share is a Pocket-specific link that results in what you see at the top of the screenshot on the right – a pocket.co link is complemented by a second message bubble containing the page's title in plain text. The iMessage app's output, seen in the bottom half of the same screenshot, is easily the superior presentation. Dropbox and OneDrive: Both of these apps let you share files by browsing your full folder hierarchy within Messages; Dropbox has a slight edge in the field of navigation as it includes a search option, which OneDrive does not. But the way file sharing is handled is fundamentally different between Dropbox and OneDrive. When you send a Dropbox file, what you're really sharing is a file link. This allows recipients to view and download the file in question without needing to do anything extra like download an app. OneDrive opts for a different sharing route; in order to open a sent file, recipients need to have the OneDrive app installed. If they already have the app installed, though, the OneDrive iMessage app will show them a full preview of the file's contents right within Messages. Each approach has benefits and drawbacks – file previewing from within Messages is a nice user experience, and one that Dropbox doesn't have, but that benefit comes with the potential hassle of installing a new app first. Evernote: Evernote was one of the few productivity apps that launched an iMessage app on iOS 10's release day, and if you use Evernote as your primary note database, you'll likely find a lot to like here. The iMessage app allows you to see recent notes, or search for any other note from your database, and send that note through a message. The nice thing is that all note formatting is retained and presented in an attractive fashion. The one drawback is that for recipients to view a note, they have to download the Evernote app. An account isn't necessary, simply a download; but even still, downloading the app may prove an inconvenience for others. The best use case for Evernote's iMessage app is when you know someone already uses the service, as they'll be able to both view and save any notes you send with ease. Copied: Although Copied is widely considered a productivity app, its iMessage app isn't. It's such a clever app, though, that I wanted to mention it. The iMessage component of Copied won't send text snippets, as you might expect, but instead is used to access your own curated selection of images to send to others. You can set the app up to either display all images that have been saved to Copied in the past, or (my preference) a select group of images that's been organized using the app's Lists feature. Navigating between different image lists within iMessage is even possible. Essentially, this allows you to create your own "sticker packs" consisting of the images you want, organized the way you want. Developers have done an admirable job building powerful iMessage apps that can make life easier. And while it is still the early days of iMessage productivity, I believe the ceiling of iMessage productivity will ultimately be set by Apple, not developers. Building useful apps is one challenge, but conveniently accessing those apps is another. Much like the iPad's multitasking app picker, the iMessage app drawer interface has been flawed since it launched. Organizing and accessing apps is a slow process if you have more than a handful of apps installed. As a result, iMessage apps are less useful than they should be. It's easier to use Spotlight search to open the full Fandango or Venmo apps than it is to navigate the app drawer in Messages. But that can change in the future. Apple could leverage the iMessage platform as a hub for productivity, the way Slack has built a messaging platform on third-party integrations. Whether the company wants to move that direction remains to be seen; perhaps stickers are the peak of Apple's ambition for iMessage apps. It's quite telling that only two first-party apps feature iMessage support – Music and Activity – and one contains only stickers. The work third-party developers have done shows that potential still exists for iMessage apps to make a meaningful contribution to productivity on iOS. Whether that potential will be realized is entirely up to Apple. Tags: iMessage Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch WWDC App Updated with New Design and Features By John Voorhees Apple has updated the WWDC app ahead of its annual developer conference that begins June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. The app has an all-new design this year. In 2016, the UI was dominated by dark tones causing speculation that it was a precursor to a system-wide dark mode that didn’t materialize. This year’s update shares some of the same design language as the Apple Music and News apps. In addition to the refreshed design, Apple has added curated video playlists focused on themes like Developing for iPad, interactive maps of the WWDC venue and surrounding area, for the first time, the ability to use of all of the app's features without signing into a developer account, and a new ‘Venue’ tab. Apple is also making a podcast studio available as part of WWDC for attendees who need a space to record shows. Though not mentioned in the release notes, the WWDC app has a little surprise in store in the form of iMessage stickers. The set includes 17 colorful cartoon-style images with an assortment of classic Apple iconography, logos for Metal and Swift, and more. The WWDC app is a free download on the App Store. You can also follow all of our WWDC coverage through our WWDC 2017 hub, or subscribe to the dedicated WWDC 2017 RSS feed. Tags: wwdc 2017 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Carpool Karaoke Will Be Released Every Tuesday Starting August 8th→ Linked By John Voorhees Apple announced that Carpool Karaoke: The Series will debut for Apple Music subscribers on August 8th. According to Apple’s press release, the show, based on James Corden’s popular segment from The Late Late Show with James Corden: …will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Originally anticipated to be released earlier, Apple pushed the debut of Carpool Karaoke back last month. Source: apple.com Tags: Apple Music, tv ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Reach Navigation→ Linked By Federico Viticci Brad Ellis has some interesting ideas and examples on how Apple could shift the iOS interface from top-oriented navigation bars to thumb-friendly cards and sheets sitting towards the bottom of the screen: The navbar has been essential part of iOS since Apple released the first developer kit, and it has served us well. But it’s time to let go. Let’s agree to stop sticking important buttons to the top of the screen. Better navigation is within reach. I think Ellis is onto something here. After Apple Music and Apple Maps in iOS 10, I'd be surprised if we don't get more of these "reach navigation" redesigns in iOS 11 (which would also make sense if Apple is releasing an iPhone with a taller screen later this year). Source: medium.com Tags: design, iOS ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Woz thinks the next big innovation will come from Tesla, not Apple Yoni Heisler BGR News May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Over the past few decades, Apple has been at the forefront of a number of technological revolutions. From the Apple II and the original Mac to the iPod and the iPhone, there’s no denying that Apple’s long history of innovative products have fundamentally changed the way the world uses and interacts with technology. As a result of Apple’s illustrious track-record, the expectation for Apple to deliver the next big thing tends to be greater than it is for any other company on the planet. Indeed, calls for Apple to magically release a product capable of eclipsing the iPhone have been persistent for years now. Interestingly enough, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that Apple’s time as an innovative company may be coming to an end. As Woz explains it, this isn’t to say that Apple won’t continue to deliver exciting new products, but rather that the next great leap forward in the tech space will likely emanate from a completely different company: Tesla. Don't Miss: Google Search just got a lot more personal During a recent interview with Bloomberg, Woz said that Tesla CEO Elon Musk will be at the vanguard of the next tech revolution. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” Woz explained. “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Woz also intimated that Apple, not to mention other tech giants like Google and Microsoft, may simply be too big for its own good. “Look at the companies like Google and Facebook and Apple and Microsoft that changed the world, and Tesla included,” Woz added. “They usually came from young people. They didn’t spring out of big businesses.” It’s an interesting point, but Apple — more so than the companies referenced above — has shown a penchant for changing the world even as an established “big business.” Indeed, the iPhone release came hot on the heels of the iPod. Nonetheless, it’s important to remember that innovation is not necessarily a zero sum game, which is to say that there’s enough room for the tech world to enjoy innovative new products and services from more than just one company. Woz’s full interview can be viewed below: Trending right now: NASA’s insane plan to ‘touch the sun’ is actually happening T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Amazon’s 15 best deals: 256GB microSD card, fidget spinners, iPhone microSD reader, Echo Dot, more BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Pentagon declares success for key test of missile defense Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tesla, Not Apple, Might Be Most Innovative Tech Company, Here's Why Rishabh Jain International Business Times May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share According to reports, the update is currently available only to Tesla vehicles in North America, but will soon roll out globally.More Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple along with Steve Jobs, told Bloomberg Sunday that Tesla could replace Apple as the most innovative tech company. "I think Tesla is on the best direction right now. They've put an awful lot of effort into very risky things. I'm going to bet on Tesla," he told the publication. When asked how Tesla is different from the company he founded, he added, "They started with a car -- the Tesla Model S -- that made little sense in engineering terms in how much you have to build for what price and what the market will be.” According to Wozniak, Tesla’s strength is that it is based on founder Elon Musk’s vision of how he would like to see the company’s products, such as the Model function for his own usage. Read: Tesla Motors (TSLA) Slapped Down By Bank Of America, Which Says Company’s Stock Is ‘Vastly Overvalued’ After Period Of ‘Hyperbolic Growth’ While Apple is now a large company with a cumulative valuation upwards of $800 billion, Tesla is valued at $68 billion. But, both companies have developed in similar ways over time. Both companies were small start-ups at one point of time, driven by the vision of a single person — in Apple’s case it was Steve Jobs and in Tesla’s case, it is Elon Musk. Both companies have disrupted the way things usually work in their respective industries. Apple was the first in the computer industry to use graphical user interfaces in PCs in the 80’s and in its second coming under the leadership of Jobs, it transformed the music player and smartphone industries, with the iPhone being the first major smartphone supportive of apps. Tesla had a similar approach to the auto industry. Musk was the first to focus attention on autonomous, electric cars not just as a concept, but rather the execution. Before Tesla, electric cars were niche products but the company made the product a mainstream one and following Tesla’s lead, most major carmakers and even tech companies are now investing in self-driving and electric automobile technology. The biggest similarity between both companies has been that their vision has been different than the prevalent norms and in most cases, way ahead of its time. But, what Wozniak is indicating isn’t wrong either. While Apple has grown considerably in terms of size, it can’t be said to be on the forefront of innovation any longer and the biggest proof of this is the company’s flagship device, the iPhone. For years, Apple’s iPhone was way ahead of its Android rivals, in terms of the features it offered. In fact, every iPhone release brought out a feature that wasn’t to be found on any Android phone, right up to the iPhone 4, which came with Siri. But the market forces have caught up with Apple and the company is no longer at the forefront of innovation. After iPhone 4, every new iPhone has had incremental or even large-scale changes in comparison to the previous generation of the device, but the device can no longer be said to be miles ahead of the competition. In fact, Android devices such the Samsung Galaxy S8, which offer features such as a 10nm processor, Bixby and Dual Audio might be way ahead of Apple in terms of features. Instead, like any large tech company, Apple is now consolidating its market share and making devices such as iPhone SE, a rehash of the iPhone 5, to cater to the budget consumer. Read: Tesla Solar Roof Tiles' Pre-Orders To Begin Soon, US Rollout Expected This Year Tesla, as Wozniak says, is a “young company” and is continuing to innovate in various areas, whether it be its cars, solar energy, space travel and even Musk’s latest obsessions – brain powered devices and tunneling machines. As tech companies mature, market factors start affecting them more and their tendency for innovation is replaced by market capitalization, as happened in Apple’s case. Tesla is still in its nascent years compared to Apple, which is why Wozniak’s assumption could be correct.  Related Articles How Does Tesla's Model 3 Compare To The Model S? Tesla, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Optimistic Trump Will Make Good Decision On Paris Agreement Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Amazon’s 15 best deals: 256GB microSD card, fidget spinners, iPhone microSD reader, Echo Dot, more BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Pentagon declares success for key test of missile defense Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Login All Reviews Editorials News Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Tips macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Podcasts TMO Background Mode Encore Interview with Science Communicator Dr. Kiki Sanford Courts and Divulging Passcodes, Essential Home - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-30 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here’s the Lineup Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read May 30th, 2017 5:22 PM EDT | News Apple announced Tuesday that Carpool Karaoke will officially debut on Apple Music on August 8th. That’s a Tuesday, Apple will be airing new episodes on that day of the week. We have the first season lineup below. John Legend and Alicia Keys in Carpool Karaoke Carpool Karaoke has been a breakout hit on The Late Late Show with James Corden, where he drives around with celebrities singing in the car. However, Mr. Corden will not be the dedicated host for the Apple Music version of the show, which will instead feature a different celebrity guest-host every episode. James Corden will have cameo appearances, as teased in the image below. James Corden and Lebron James in Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Carpool Karaoke Lineup Apple’s press release specified the following pairings for the first season of Carpool Karaoke: Will Smith and James Corden Miley, Noah, Billy Ray, and the entire Cyrus family Shakira and Trevor Noah Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith John Legend, Alicia Keys, and Taraji P. Henson LeBron James and James Corden Shaquille “Flat Earther” O’Neal and John Cena Michael Strahan and Jeff Gordon Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, James Corden You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh GOP, Businesses Want to Spam Your Voicemail Without Calling Your Phone Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.67 +0.06 (0.04%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 Brings New Wallpapers to iPad Pro MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Recent Tips See All » macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 18008 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1496164950 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Tips macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Podcasts TMO Background Mode Encore Interview with Science Communicator Dr. Kiki Sanford Courts and Divulging Passcodes, Essential Home - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-30 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Gene Munster Predicts New Apple Products at WWDC John Martellaro @jmartellaro Under a minute read May 30th, 2017 6:53 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found The Apple analyst Gene Munster, now with Loup Ventures, has provided his predictions for new and updated Apple products at WWDC—which starts June 5th. He includes a probability with each of the four items. Personally, I think the probability for a 10.5-inch iPad Pro should be a little higher, just because Apple is way behind in its iPad refresh cycle. But check out Gene’s estimates and see what you think. Check It Out: Gene Munster Predicts New Apple Products at WWDC The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: BackBook Pro, iOS, iPad Pro, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh GOP, Businesses Want to Spam Your Voicemail Without Calling Your Phone Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail 2 Comments Add a comment geoduck May 30, 2017 iOS11 is a gimme. they ALWAYS preview iOS and macOS at WWDC. Updated MAcBook Pros, yes 50^ might be a bit lower than I’d guess but not to quibble. I would reverse the 10.5 iPad Pro and Siri Home assistant. The former would, I predict, REPLACE the 9.7″ iPad Pro rather than being another size. The latter is an interesting idea but un;less there are huge improvements to Siri aleo released at WWDC it won’t happen. May 30, 2017 at 8:07 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 30, 2017 How about HomeKit for OSX May 30, 2017 at 9:08 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.67 +0.06 (0.04%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 Brings New Wallpapers to iPad Pro MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Recent Tips See All » macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 18017 John Martellaro cool-stuff-found 2 1496170433 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Business Home LBoard Rafizi says sorry over ‘Florence Goh’ mix-up FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Reuters | May 31, 2017 The series for Apple Music is an adaptation of a popular segment that runs during CBS Corp's "The Late Late Show with James Corden" and sees him driving with a celebrity and singing a medley of songs. NEW YORK: Apple Inc’s Apple Music streaming service will release its adaptation of comedian James Corden’s “Carpool Karaoke” to subscribers beginning on Aug. 8, the company said on its website on Tuesday. The technology giant had previously announced that “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” would be launched in April as part of a move into original video for Apple Music, a $9.99-a-month streaming service. Apple later delayed the release without providing an explanation, Reuters reported. The series for Apple Music is an adaptation of a popular segment that runs during CBS Corp’s “The Late Late Show with James Corden” and sees him driving with a celebrity and singing a medley of songs. Corden will appear in the Apple Music series with basketball superstar LeBron James and actor Will Smith, according to Apple’s statement. Other episodes feature celebrity pairings including John Legend with Alicia Keyes and Taraji P. Henson, and Miley Cyrus with her father, Billy Ray Cyrus, and other family members. New episodes of the series will be released on Apple Music on Tuesdays, the company said. “Carpool Karaoke” will continue to be a recurring segment on “The Late Late Show.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Vietnam to sign deals for up to $17 billion in US goods, services Sterling hammered by poll showing risk of hung parliament ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Mahathir slams authorities for going after Lee Kim Yew Report: Students questioned in Manchester strongly opposed… S’pore takes exception to Utusan’s comments on… Sivarasa: No speech, just Ramadan wishes in mosque Train guns at Islam’s real enemy, Muslims told Ahmad Awang: Saya lawan Hadi atas desakan akar umbi PAS Melayu kami berjaya atas usaha sendiri, Singapura beritahu… Rafizi got the wrong Florence Goh, says MCA’s Wee Myanmar janitor hugs roommate after slashing him in Penang Zakir Naik seeking Malaysian citizenship, says report ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Selamat datang Ramadan (serta bufet, pembaziran dan tarawih kilat) The new silk road: Demons within, dragons without Stop making Ramadan a month of gluttony and wasteful spending Penulis jelaskan surat ajak bunuh Syiah Something terribly wrong if terrorists, spies can enter freely Mahathir’s premiership: A personal perspective More... FMT Bahasa Maaf saya silap, Rafizi dakwa keliru 2 ‘Florence Goh’ Nama sama, orangnya lain, Florence Goh beritahu Rafizi Benarkan kami berniaga, penjawat awam beritahu Najib Saya hanya ucap ‘Salam Ramadan’, kata Sivarasa Ahmad Awang: Saya lawan Hadi atas desakan akar umbi PAS Tidak cukup tidur punca kemalangan kakitangan hospital More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Computers Image Source: Aaron Yoo It sure looks a new MacBook Pro is coming next month Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 7:33 PM Share Tweet The MacBook Pro update that you were waiting for arrived last fall, complete with a brand new design, a new signature feature, and a complete lack of ports that you’d expect on a $1,800 computer. It wasn’t all you wanted, but it still became a massive success for Apple, according to various reports. But if you haven’t bought one yet, then you might be better off not clicking that “buy” button just yet. WWDC 2017 is just around the corner, and it looks like the MacBook Pro is going to get a refresh already. Don't Miss: The Essential phone that’s going after the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 is finally here A variety of reports says that Apple’s developers conference will bring us a bunch of new products, including a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a Safari speaker, and MacBook updates across the board. As usual, Apple would not reveal anything ahead of the main WWDC 2017 keynote, which is scheduled for June 5th, but we already have a sign that suggests the MacBook Pro is getting a refresh. As of right now, you can’t order a 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and expect to get it any sooner than June 5-7. That means Apple’s MacBook Pro stock has depleted, as new models are coming in. The 13-inch model is still in stock, as is the case of the older MacBooks Pro that Apple still sells. The MacBook and MacBook Air are also both still in stock. But you’d probably be better off not ordering any new MacBook until after the June 5th keynote, which is when we’ll find out exactly what MacBooks Apple plans to refresh. View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon By Maren Estrada 1 day ago Your Galaxy S8+ will last more than 2 days per charge with this $30 battery case By Maren Estrada 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote Share Tweet Deals: Holy Batman Trilogy! — £5.99 HD [Hurry] Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) iBooks: The Best Books of the Year (So Far) New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] App Store WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote By Arron Hirst 7 hours ago Share Tweet With just days to go until this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has issued its annual update to the official WWDC app. Following the app gaining support for Apple Watch in 2015, later adding full support for multitasking on iPad at the back end of last year, Apple’s WWDC app has been designed especially to give those planning to attend next Monday’s keynote in San Jose, CA the ability to see information relating to this year’s developer sessions. Updating at the top of the week just in time for this year’s conference, version 6.0 will allow users to watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes, as they view interactive venue and street maps, and discover important info about WWDC’s place of holding via the brand new “Venue” tab. This year, there’s an added bonus too: That’s because you can actually use all of the app’s features without having to sign in. It’s worth noting that version 5.0 of the app released last year introduced full support for live-streaming, for both iOS and tvOS. So come next Monday, not only will those not in attendance at the conference be able to tune in to proceedings via Apple’s official website (to be updated shortly), the firm will in addition be providing a live-stream of its mainstay keynote directly to iPhone, iPad and Apple TV users via the newly-updated WWDC app. Plus, the WWDC app also makes use of geofencing at the conference. This means you can receive notifications whilst at WWDC, dependent on your location inside the convention centre. Note: You can opt-out of using this feature by editing your iOS location privacy settings, by heading to Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Set to run from June 5-9, the conference will begin with a 2-hour keynote to be held at San Jose’s 5,000-seater McEnery Convention Center – beginning 10AM PT. Developer sessions are expected to be put on for the $1599-per-ticket attendees, afterwards. As ever, we’ll be on hand to provide coverage of this year’s conference. In the meantime, though, be sure to hit up our dedicated WWDC 17 hub for the latest news and announcements leading up to the event … More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Deals: Holy Batman Trilogy! — £5.99 HD [Hurry] Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) iBooks: The Best Books of the Year (So Far) New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] Related Topics:6.0.0, App Store, Apple, CA, California, Conference, Featured, McEnery Convention Center, Official, San Jose, Update, Version 6.0, What's New, Worldwide Developer, Worldwide Developers Conference, WWDC Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in App Store App Store ‘Workflow’ Gets First Update Since Apple Acquisition [What’s New] By Arron Hirst8th May 17 10:55 pm Making our list of 10 Apps to Start Your Working Week, iOS productivity app Workflow updated... App Store 10 Productivity Apps To Get Your Working Week Going… [LIST] By Arron Hirst8th May 17 12:45 am Yes, it’s the start of another week … and if you own an iOS device, chances... App Store Minimalist iOS Puzzler ‘Invert’ Enters U.S Top 200 By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 12:01 am Helped along by its simplistic art-style, and a new icon, Noodlecake’s minimalist iOS puzzler Invert has... App Store Planes Live [$4.99 > $1.99] By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 12:05 am Those of you who rely on flights to get to where you’re going will this week... App Store Apple Sends Pages, Numbers, Keynote, GarageBand and iMovie FREE for Everyone! By Arron Hirst19th Apr 17 11:36 pm While Apple’s own iLife and iWork apps have been freely available to download by those who... App Store Duet Display [$14.99 > $9.99] By Arron Hirst17th Apr 17 10:49 pm Arriving as the display extender’s first price drop since December, Duet, Inc’s Duet Display is this... App Store iOS Note Taking & Writing App ‘nvNotes’ Goes FREE By Arron Hirst16th Apr 17 11:01 pm Described as a quick and easy way to create and organise notes, whether you happen to... App Store The Ultimate List Of Bank Holiday Weekend iOS/Mac App Sales By Arron Hirst16th Apr 17 2:01 am As the long 4-day weekend begins, both the iOS and Mac App Store are serving up... App Store Hyperburner [$2.99 > FREE] By Arron Hirst10th Apr 17 4:38 pm Patrick Cook’s Hyperburner is a visually impressive high-speed space flier for iOS – set in a... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Lego Batman: 2-Movie Bundle X-Men: $9.99 Movies Recent Releases: $7.99 or Less 69¢ Songs Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) Share Tweet Deals: Holy Batman Trilogy! — £5.99 HD [Hurry] WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst 7 hours ago Share Tweet Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew of new software builds for developers to check out and begin testing their apps with. Reflecting the next minor upgrades for the company’s mobile, desktop, wrist and TV-based platforms, the second betas of iOS 10.3.3, macOS Sierra 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 and tvOS 10.2.2 are now available to download by members of the Apple Developer Program. In the cases of iOS and macOS those channels include either the “Software Update” menu built into each device (Settings > General > Software Update on iPhone or iPad), or directly via the Mac App Store using the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility – for those who may have installed a previous version of macOS 10.12 beta. Meanwhile, the latest developer-only builds of watchOS and tvOS can be installed in the usual ways. To install tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) developers will want to first connect their fourth-generation Apple TV unit to their Mac, by way of a USB-to-USB-C cable, before proceeding to install the available tvOS software update file via their desktop copy of iTunes. Apple Watch owners on the other hand can grab this week’s latest update via the Software Upgrade menu inside Apple’s standalone Watch app. Although they should ensure that they have the correct beta provisioning profile installed on their device – before attempting to start the update. What’s New Right now (at least) there isn’t much to write home about regarding these latest updates – except for maybe a few scrolling improvements and general bug fixes. The latest updates essentially just add polish to the company’s recent released software upgrades: iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4, watchOS 3.2 and tvOS 10.2. Expect to find a whole bunch of under-the-hood stuff designed to ensure the future stability, compatibility and security of your device(s) … But not much more. That said, as ever, we’ll be sure to keep an eye out as Apple’s software development process continues and report on any substantial changes that may emerge in the coming weeks. Grab the updates at the Developer Center. More info iPhone Only macOS Sierra FREE More info iPhone Only Watch FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Deals: Holy Batman Trilogy! — £5.99 HD [Hurry] WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] Related Topics:Apple, Apple SW, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Dev, Developer, Development, iOS, iOS 10.3.3, iPad, iPhone, macOS, macOS Sierra 10.12.6, News, Software, SW, tvOS, tvOS 10.2.2, Update, watchOS, watchOS 3.2.3, Wearables, What's New, Wrist Tech Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in iOS Deals 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] By Arron Hirst27th May 17 2:24 am With the long May bank holiday weekend now in full swing, the iOS App Store is... iOS iOS 11 Features Envisioned In Stunning New Concept [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst20th May 17 1:39 am We’ve featured a lot of the visual mock-up work designer Sam Beckett has produced over the... Apple Apple Pay Officially Goes Live In Italy By Arron Hirst18th May 17 7:33 pm Despite the WSJ highlighting that Apple’s wireless payment solution is “yet to make plastic obsolete,” the... Apple Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5, tvOS 10.2.1 + watchOS 3.2.2 By Arron Hirst15th May 17 11:41 pm In testing for a number of weeks, as the company aimed to work out all of... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... iOS Bloomberg: Apple is Ready To Go All-In On AR [REPORT] By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 1:04 am In a move which could hint at some potentially cool future enhancements coming to its mobile... iOS Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.2.2 (Beta 4) By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 8:51 pm Just a week after it seeded the third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1... iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.2.2 (Beta 3) By Arron Hirst17th Apr 17 9:26 pm Apple is tonight continuing its testing phases by seeding the third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Lego Batman: 2-Movie Bundle X-Men: $9.99 Movies Recent Releases: $7.99 or Less 69¢ Songs Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Retail Image Source: Nintendo Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 8:00 PM Share Tweet Nintendo would make a lot more Switch consoles than it initially planned, but the Japanese company ran into an unexpected problem: Apple. No, seriously. Don't Miss: The Essential phone that’s going after the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 is finally here The Switch doesn’t technically compete against any Apple product. The console does look like a tablet but has no tablet functionality yet. It’s only meant to play games. But just because it doesn’t do what a large smartphone or tablet can do aside from games, doesn’t mean the Switch doesn’t need the same components. The Wall Street Journal says that Nintendo is having trouble getting enough supplies for the Switch. Apple is gobbling a lot of parts for the iPhone, iPad, and other products that would also fit the Switch console. The report says that continued demand for the iPhone 7, and the incoming iPhone 8 are keeping parts makers at full capacity. Data centers are also putting pressure on Nintendo, as they require the same fast NAND flash storage. Nintendo can’t afford to pay more for components including NAND memory or LCD screens than data centers, and it can’t order more components than Apple does. The company could try to outbid rivals, but that may mean it’d have to manufacture the Switch at a loss. The Journal says that Nintendo is now expecting to sell up to 20 million Nintendo units by the end of March 2018, or twice the initial forecast. However, that’s not an official number, and Nintendo might not reach it if it can’t get the components it needs. The report does note that Nintendo might make use of air cargo to deliver Switch units to the US in time for the busy holiday season, a costly shipping method it used after it launched the console. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, Nintendo, Switch View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Amazon’s 12 best daily deals: $10 off Echo Dot, glowing fidget spinners, video doorbell, more By Maren Estrada 2 days ago New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors By Mike Wehner 17 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 WWDC roundup: Apple readies MacBook upgrades across the board, new software Chance Miller - May. 30th 2017 5:16 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Mac WWDC 2017 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’re officially less than a week away from Apple’s annual Worldwide Developer Conference. This year, the event is being held in San Jose, California at the McEnery Convention Center and will be home to a handful of different announcements. At WWDC, Apple will likely unveil iOS 11, watchOS 4, tvOS 11, and macOS 10.13. A change of pace from recent years, we’re also expecting new hardware in the form of a new 10.5-inch iPad, a standalone Siri Speaker, and refreshed Macs. As we quickly approach WWDC 2017, read on for a roundup of what kind of Mac changes we can expect this year… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The idea of Mac hardware changes comes as somewhat of a surprise, seeing that Apple only recently unveiled an all new MacBook Pro lineup, but nevertheless it appears that we’re looking at some internal improvements across the board. We’re also anticipating the release of macOS 10.13 with new features, performance improvements, and more. New hardware A Bloomberg report earlier this month outlined that Apple is planning a handful of updates to its MacBook lineup for WWDC, including the 12-inch MacBook, the MacBook Pro, and even the neglected MacBook Air. While some specifics remain unclear, let’s outline what we know. MacBook Pro While Apple just refreshed its MacBook Pro lineup at the end of last year, the company is reportedly planning a spec bump across the board as it continues to face backlash from professional users. The MacBook Pro lineup is currently powered by Intel’s Skylake processors, which were originally unveiled all the way back in 2015. At WWDC this year, however, Apple is expected to announce more capable MacBook Pros that are powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake processor series. Originally announced last September, the Kaby Lake series is more powerful and battery efficient across the board, while also offering improved graphics performance. Additionally, it’s expected that Apple will introduce a new tier of the 15-inch MacBook Pro that offers users 32GB of RAM. This was initially reported by Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities earlier this year, who has a generally solid track record. Phil Schiller had originally explained that Apple’s decision to cap the MacBook Pro at 16GB of RAM was in an effort to preserve battery life. Kuo, however, says that the 15-inch MacBook Pro will adopt desktop-class RAM in order to satisfy pro users. Finally, it’s also possible that we’ll see some price cuts to the MacBook Pro lineup at WWDC this year. Kuo noted earlier this year that the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar has been selling worse than Apple expected and thus, the company could announce a price cut for the machine in an effort to improve shipments. Further corroborating reports of new MacBook Pro models, shipping times for the current models have started to slip on Apple’s online store, which usually signals an impending refresh. In conclusion, here’s the wrap-up of what’s in store for the MacBook Pro at WWDC next week: More powerful Kaby Lake processors 32GB of desktop-class RAM for 15-inch MacBook Pro Price slash for 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar 12-inch MacBook It’s been over a year since Apple has updated its ultra-portable 12-inch MacBook, so it shouldn’t come as too big of a surprise that updates are on the table for WWDC this year. Like its larger and more powerful siblings, the 12-inch MacBook will see an under-the-hood processor bump to a more powerful Intel processor. While it’s not explicitly clear what processor the 12-inch model will adopt, it would make sense for it to likewise upgrade to the Kaby Lake standard in the form of the Core M series, the ultra-efficient processor series that the 12-inch MacBook has used since its inception. Furthermore, it’s expected that the 12-inch MacBook will gain a new 16GB of RAM tier this year, according to KGI. Currently, the machine maxes out at 8GB, so the introduction of a 16GB tier would offer users the choice of having a bit more power internally while still maintaining the slim form factor Other than that, not much is expected with the new 12-inch MacBook. The machine will likely stay pretty much the same in terms of design and ports, though some hope for the inclusion of a second USB-C port. While price changes are harder to predict, we’re not currently expecting any changes this year. More powerful Kaby Lake processors 16GB of RAM tier MacBook Air Where things really get unclear, however, is with the MacBook Air. While Apple has seemingly marketed the 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar as the modern-day MacBook Air, the company is reportedly planning an update to the MacBook Air for WWDC. Bloomberg noted earlier this month that Apple is “considering” updating the MacBook Pro to a newer processor as sales of the machine remain “surprisingly strong.” It’s unclear as to what sort of processor change the MacBook Air might see, or if any other upgrades such as USB-C or a new display might be included. The MacBook Air is Apple’s most affordable laptop available currently, which likely explains its continued success. Bringing a more powerful processor would only further entice users to buy, thus growing the macOS install base. Updated processor iMac, Mac Pro, and Mac mini Apple announced earlier this year that it is currently hard at work on new pro-level desktop Macs, but we shouldn’t expect to see anything announced at WWDC next week. The company made it clear that the new Mac Pro is currently well down the line, offering modular upgrade support, while there are also new standalone displays in store. Coming sooner than the Mac Pro, but still most likely not at WWDC, is a refreshed and more pro-oriented iMac. New software Apple generally is able to keep software updates and features under wraps ahead of WWDC and this year is no different. While Apple will almost certainly unveil macOS 10.13 next week, not much is currently known about the update. That, however, hasn’t stopped us from speculating. Last month, we outlined a few possible changes Apple could bring to the table with macOS 10.13. For instance, macOS currently notably lacks support for “Hey Siri,” a feature that stands out on iOS. Furthermore, macOS currently lacks HomeKit support. An obvious area of improvement is iTunes, which is a glorified dumpster fire in its current form. While Apple has done a lot to improve it recently, there’s still a long way to go. Housing Apple Music, iTunes, the App Store, Beats 1, Podcasts, and soon original video content, iTunes is cluttered and bloated. Many have suggested that macOS should follow the same route as iOS, separating Apple Music, TV, and the App Store into separate apps and macOS 10.13 seems like the perfect opportunity to do so. In our poll last month asking what feature you are most excited to see with macOS 10.13, Apple File System topped the list, while updates to existing apps came in second. That’s just the tip of the iceberg, though, as to what Apple may have in store for macOS 10.13. Apps like Photos and Safari could also be updated, while new apps like Apple News and Podcasts are long overdue. Apple has kept all of its software intentions under wraps thus far, so we’ll have to wait until next week for official announcements. Wrap up WWDC is shaping up to be a big event for the Mac this year, with not only the normal software updates planned but also new, more powerful hardware. While some MacBook Pro users may feel slighted by the quick turnaround time, Apple is clearly working to try to please the ‘pro’ community with the more powerful machines and new RAM configurations. Stay tuned to 9to5Mac all of next week as we’ll have detailed coverage of everything Apple announces. What Mac updates are you most excited to see? Let us know down in the comments. KGI: Apple planning Kaby Lake processor updates for MacBook & MacBook Pros this year, 32GB RAM option for 15-inch Apple says new MacBook Pro’s 16GB RAM limitation is to maintain battery life efficiency Bloomberg: MacBook Pro upgrade coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh & possible MacBook Air updates WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Mac View THe Guide WWDC17 Apple's WWDC 2017 is scheduled for June 5th - 9th at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Registration opens Monday, March 27th at 10 AM PDT (1 PM EDT). View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:37 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Who's Andy Rubin? Creator Of New Essential Android Phone Has Extensive Smartphone History By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 8:31 PM Close The smartphone field remains crowded thanks to companies ranging from flagships like Apple and Samsung to smaller manufacturers such as Huawei. And soon, the premium smartphone market will be seeing yet another contender. Essential, the smartphone company from Google Android co-founder Andy Rubin, confirmed Tuesday it will release the Essential Phone. The new smartphone is intended to go head-to-head with other premium competitors like the Apple iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Internally, the new phone will be anchored around a display with a minimal bezel and feature an upscale ceramic and titanium body. Read: Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone Possibly Appeared In A Michelin Ad Essential has yet to confirm a release date for the Google Android-based phone, but it will retail for $699 and is expected to launch later this year. The Essential Phone will also launch alongside a Home personal assistant device that will compete against models like the Amazon Echo. While Andy Rubin is well known to tech analysts and the industry thanks to his work with Google, Essential represents Rubin’s highest-profile move yet. Here’s what you need to know about Andy Rubin: Danger Inc. After short stints at companies like Apple and WebTV, Rubin becomes a co-founder and CEO at mobile hardware company Danger Inc. alongside Joe Britt and Matt Hershenson. Their flagship product is the T-Mobile Sidekick, which was also known as the Danger Hiptop. The HipTop was an early smartphone that featured a full keyboard and flippable screen. A 2002 Fortune feature details the company’s novel hardware structure: "The other particularly formative experience came from Rubin and Britt's stint at WebTV, 1996's hot startup that let users access the Internet through their TV sets. WebTV initially won praise because it was the first product that made getting on the Internet as simple as using a blender. " 'WebTV was a good appliance,' " Rubin says, " 'but it wasn't easily expandable. When users wanted instant messaging, it took us six months to come up with it.' " Those delays sunk WebTV. With the Hiptop, Rubin realized he could preserve the simplicity and correct the mistake. Instead of being just a stand-alone product, the Hiptop would have its intelligence residing on a server so the device could be updated regularly with new features without ever changing the hardware." Rubin Moves to Android In 2003, Rubin co-founded Android. At the time, the small startup operated under the radar and focused on developing software for mobile phones. The startup would eventually catch Google’s eye and be acquired in 2005 for an estimated $50 million. A 2005 Engadget story reflects the low-key reaction around the acquistion: "We only have the faintest idea why Google just bought Android, a stealthy startup that specializes in making 'software for mobile phones,' but we do know that trying to guess Google's next move recently replaced digging through Steve Jobs' garbage for clues about the next iPod at the top of our weekend activities list. It's no secret that Google's getting ready to a move into wireless [witness Monday's story that they were thinking about launching some sort of free Wi-Fi network]. We just don't know exactly what it's going to be yet." The Essential PH-1 features a titanium body, a ceramic back and Gorilla Glass 5. Photo: Essential Products Inc. Android Becomes Google Android Under Google, Android’s work eventually became bedrock behind its Google Android mobile operating system. The operating system launched in 2007 and helped fuel Google’s successful expansion into the mobile devices space. A 2016 Gartner report estimated that Google Android had a worldwide market share of around 82 percent. Read: Benchmark Reveals Specs For Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone As an executive at Google, Rubin helped to shepherd Android to its initial heights. But at times, the operating system struggled to make the transition from startup to a central part of Google’s larger plans. Issues ranging from hardware fragmentation to partnerships with middling returns hindered Android’s ambitions and ability for growth. Rubin would eventually move to Google’s robotics division in 2013 and leave the company entirely in 2014. Playground Global and Side Ventures After leaving Google, Rubin explored and launched various projects including Playground Global. The company acts as a mix between a startup incubator and investment fund, and lets Rubin explore a longstanding interest in artificial intelligence development. A 2016 Wired feature details the company’s larger plans: "Playground’s ambitions extend far beyond building individual gadgets or even individual companies. Rubin wants Playground to become the factory that creates the standard building blocks — the basic quartermaster’s inventory of components — for the AI-infused future. And he wants to open up this platform of hardware and software tools so that anyone, not just the companies he works with directly, can create an intelligent device. If he’s successful, Playground stands to have the same kind of impact on smart machines that Android had on smartphones, providing the technological infrastructure for thousands of products and giving a generation of entrepreneurs the ability to build a smart drone. Or a house’s worth of intelligent appliances. Or, hell, a full-fledged robot." A Return to Smartphones However, Rubin’s focus would eventually turn back to the mobile hardware space. As Bloomberg reported, Rubin would start laying the groundwork for Essential starting in late 2015. The company’s flagship smartphone echoes many of Rubin’s past stops and reflects trends within the current smartphone space: It’ll be upscale, boutique and lack the bloat found in typical carrier-reliant smartphones. In a post Tuesday announcing Essential, Rubin reflected on the downsides of the current smartphone marketplace and his role in its creation:   "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone, it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives. Was this what we had intended? Was this the best we could do? "I left that night reflecting deeply on what was great and what was frustrating with the current state of technology today. After another long talk with my friend, we decided that I needed to start a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century." Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Essential Phone Release Date May Not Have Full Carrier Support Andy Rubin's Essential Smartphone Revealed Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology Here's What You Need To Know About Andy Rubin, Essential And Google Android Founder Andy Rubin co-founded Google Android and plays a central role in the upcoming Essential Phone. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Florida Receives First Cases Of Dog Flu H3N2 or dog flu that hit the U.S. in 2015 is back, however, this time it is in Florida. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Cities Chennai The ‘Power’ of a lunchbox By Abinaya Kalyanasundaram  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 30th May 2017 10:37 PM  |   Last Updated: 31st May 2017 05:31 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email CHENNAI: From electrical engineering to youngest director of operations, Apple, and now founder and CEO of Vaya Life, Vashist Vasanthakumar has had quite a journey. Ask him how he handles these major shifts in both professional and geographical worlds, and he feels it was all meant to be. “I get this question a lot, but honestly, I feel it’s not that big a shift. I've always wanted to do something like this for a while and everything I learnt along the way helped me reach where I am today. The only ‘shift’ is that I came back to my hometown,” he laughs. The Chennai paiyan moved to the US to pursue a bachelor’s degree in University of Michigan and from then on, there was no stopping him. “Education abroad is different — they make you think out-of-the-box, manage projects that show you what leadership is. It’s more about developing soft skills,” he explains. He was interested in realised that business operations and after a master’s degree, he became the youngest director of operations at Apple, which only further excited the entrepreneurship bug in him. “The most important thing I learnt there was how much the design of a product can impact its success. Working there made me understand what design is,” he recalls, elaborating that his principle work at Apple involved design, user experiences and making products better. He came back to Chennai in 2016 with a goal to reinvent traditional and widely used personal products, starting with one of the most versatile products –—the lunchbox. “Many personal products have evolved, yet I saw that the lunchboxes I used to carry to school 20 years ago was still the same! And with the rising trend of eating out every day, re-inventing this made a lot of sense from a social stand-point,” he elaborates, adding that if their design appealed to people, it will inspire them to take lunch from home. Reinventing such a product would have been an easy task, but the design aesthetics he learnt from Apple made him delve into the deepest details — it took them 18 months to fine-tune and perfect their first product after testing with 60 prototypes. “Unlike software, it’s not something that can be changed overnight. You have to think of materials, how to use it and tools required. We also wanted to make it as light weight and compact as possible so that it can be put into a laptop bag,” he explains. Since shipping began in October 2016, their response has been great, both in the national and international market. Vaya’s range of lunchboxes is quite popular in Malaysia, Singapore, France, Germany and America as well. “We had no plans of launching abroad, but after many requests we launched a website and now ship to eight countries. Twenty percent of our sales comes from abroad. Who knew lunchboxes were a not only an Indian concept!” he laughs.   And why the name Vaya? “Vaya means power and strength in Sanskrit — I wanted a short name. It has nothing to do with my name or anyone else’s,” he smiles. What makes a good product design? Eye-catching design and aesthetics are important, but more than that, the user-friendliness and the user’s ability to know how to use a product without a manual is what matters. You can place your orders at www. vayalife.in O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery In Pictures: Kerala welcomes early monsoon Top players to watch out for in the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 arrow Videos UK's May, Corbyn clash over EU 'no deal' stances Priyanka Chopra to receive Dadasaheb Phalke Academy Award arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s Carpool Karaoke Set For August 8 Launch By Tyler Lee on 05/30/2017 17:03 PDT Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube Earlier this year, Apple confirmed that “Carpool Karaoke” would be coming to Apple Music in 2017. The show was set for a launch last month, but unfortunately that did not happen as it was reported that it had been delayed. Apple did not officially confirm the show’s delay other than to reiterate that it was still on track for a 2017 debut. That being said regardless of whether or not the previous report was true, it seems that we now have a date to look forward to as Apple has since confirmed the launch of the show for the 8th of August, 2017. If you’ve enjoyed the original series which was a segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, then this could be worth looking forward to. For those who are unfamiliar with the segment, basically it involves the show’s host, James Corden, picking up various celebrities in his car where he interviews them and sings songs with them. It has proven to be a very popular segment and it is not surprising that Apple was interested in it. From what we can tell, the version that will be launching on Apple Music won’t deviate much from the original concept, except that it seems that Corden won’t be hosting the show 100% of the time and will feature celebrity drivers as well. Filed in Apple >Audio. Read more about apple music and Entertainment. Related Articles 2017-05-29 Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Opening Wasn't Smooth Sailing 2017-05-28 Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Leak Dismissed By Disney CEO 2017-05-25 ‘Castlevania’ To Debut On Netflix July 7, 2017 2017-05-23 Verizon To Launch Over-The-Top Streaming Service 2017-05-10 Rejected Apple Intern Applicant Reimagines Apple Music 2017-05-09 Amazon Open To Having Apple Music On The Echo 2017-05-09 Spotify Accuses Apple Of Anticompetitive Practices In Europe 2017-04-27 Upcoming Puff Daddy Documentary Will Be Exclusive To Apple Music Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carbonated Beverage Processing Equipment Market to Reach $7.2 Billion by 2022 – Industry Targeting Emerging Economies Like India, China, Brazil & Argentina – Research and Markets Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts DDR Announces the Pricing of $175 Million of 6.375% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares Technology Helps NICU Families Stay Connected with Their Newborns at UC Davis Children’s Hospital Global Catering Equipment Market 2017 – ZWILLING, Vatti, Siemens Global Building Antifreeze Market 2017 – Prestone, Castrol, Total, Exxon Mobil, Valvoline, Old World Industries Riassunto: Axonics® presenterà i risultati favorevoli derivati dallo studio clinico RELAX-OAB al Congresso mondiale della Società internazionale di neuromodulazione Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Steel Rebar Market to Reach USD 154.08 Billion by 2021 – Rising Demand For Steel Rebar For Construction Projects – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts DDR Announces the Pricing of $175 Million of 6.375% Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares Technology Helps NICU Families Stay Connected with Their Newborns at UC Davis Children’s Hospital Global Catering Equipment Market 2017 – ZWILLING, Vatti, Siemens Global Building Antifreeze Market 2017 – Prestone, Castrol, Total, Exxon Mobil, Valvoline, Old World Industries Riassunto: Axonics® presenterà i risultati favorevoli derivati dallo studio clinico RELAX-OAB al Congresso mondiale della Società internazionale di neuromodulazione Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Caboodle 2.0.1 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3 KeyCue 8.4     Related Articles How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam (29 Nov 16)     Published in TidBITS 1370. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No Email Issue on 29 May 2017 for Memorial Day New CMD-D Conference Targets Automation TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit Google Aims to Attract Apple Users with Google I/O Announcements TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 22 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 22 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Problem Solving | 22 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (20) Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” by Scholle McFarland [Tonya Engst here. Little is more embarrassing than showing up late for a meeting or missing an important deadline due to forgetfulness. The go-to solution for Apple users is to offload your fallible human memory to Apple’s Calendar and Reminders apps, which are built into macOS and iOS. But even worse than forgetting a meeting or task is messing up due to a misconfiguration or misunderstanding in Calendar and Reminders. Been there, done that. These apps are the focus of the first Take Control book to be published since we sold the series: Scholle McFarland’s $10 “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” It’s a classic Take Control title that explains all you need to know about real-world usage of these heavily used but under-documented apps. I helped Scholle develop and edit the book, learning a lot about Calendar and Reminders that I didn’t know along the way. To give you a taste of her advice, here’s a slightly modified excerpt from the troubleshooting chapter, which addresses a few common problems that can prevent you from using Calendar and Reminders successfully. Whether you’re suffering from one of these problems now, suspect that a family member is, or want to avoid future mishaps, read on for Scholle’s solutions to some common conundrums!] How Can I Change the Default Calendar for New Events on My Mac? -- If new events are showing up in the wrong calendar, choose Calendar > Preferences > General and then pick a calendar from the Default Calendar pop-up menu at the bottom of the preference pane. Now, whenever you create a new event, it will appear in this calendar automatically. Note that the default, Selected Calendar, adds new events to whatever calendar you last selected, which can produce some unexpected results. Why Do Events I Add with My iPhone End Up on the Wrong Calendar on My Mac? -- When you add events with an iPhone, you can use Siri or do it in the Calendar app. Either way, events are placed in your iPhone’s default calendar, so make sure you’ve designated the one you want to use. On your iPhone, tap Settings > Calendar > Default Calendar and choose the calendar you want from the list. How Do I Prevent Calendar Spam? -- It started in November 2016. Suddenly, Mac users were inundated with calendar spam — bogus event invitations from counterfeit companies hawking cut-rate Ray Bans, Ugg boots, and other supposed bargains, often in Chinese (see “How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam,” 29 November 2016). Calendar spammers take advantage of the macOS and iOS feature that scans Mail messages for calendar invitations and then sends you a notification. What’s worse, if you click Accept, Decline, or Maybe, you notify the spammer that your account is real and ready for more. To prevent calendar spam, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, click the Settings icon (it’s a red gear), and choose Preferences > Advanced. Then, change the Receive Event Invitations radio button to Email To email address. Now, instead of appearing as notifications, calendar invitations will run through your email account, which undoubtedly checks for spam. You can also safely delete messages there without alerting the spammer. How Do I Remove Duplicate Events? -- If you open the Calendar app and your calendar is littered with duplicate events, try this: On the Mac, choose View > Refresh Calendars (or press Command-R). Or, on your iOS device, tap Calendars to see your list of calendars. Swipe down to refresh. If that doesn’t work, check whether you have an On My Mac calendar that is identical to one of your iCloud calendars. Hide it by deselecting it in the Calendars list and see if duplicates disappear. If they do, you can either keep this calendar hidden or delete the calendar altogether by Control-clicking its name in the Calendars list and choosing Delete. How Do I Delete Duplicate Birthdays? -- If Calendar’s special Birthdays calendar shows a birthday more than once, you can remove the extras. First, on the Mac, choose Calendar > Preferences > General. Deselect the Show Birthdays Calendar checkbox and select it again. If that doesn’t work, duplicate contacts are probably to blame. Open the Contacts app and choose Card > Look for Duplicates. If the app finds them, choose Merge. You may need to repeat this step. If some duplicate birthdays still appear in Calendar, go into Contacts and manually delete the stubborn duplicates that the app is unable to detect. Your duplicate birthdays should disappear. How Do I Get Rid of Duplicate iCloud Calendars? -- If identical iCloud calendars appear to be multiplying like bunnies, first try launching Calendar and choosing View > Refresh Calendars. If you are having trouble verifying whether two calendars have completely duplicated events, try making them different colors (Control-click a calendar in the Calendars list to pick a color). Deselect all other calendars in your Calendars list besides these two. Now you can scan more easily to check for non-duplicated events. If you find a non-duplicated event, move it to the calendar you want to keep. If you are sure you need to de-duplicate, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, and see if the duplicate calendars appear in the list there: If duplicates appear on the iCloud Web site: To be safe, go back to your Calendar app and make a backup of each of the affected calendars by selecting them in turn and choosing File > Export > Export to create calendar (.ics) files labeled with their names. Once that’s done, go to iCloud.com and delete the duplicate calendar(s) from the Web site, by clicking Edit at the bottom of the calendar list and then clicking the Remove button next to a calendar. A warning asks you if you’re sure. If you are, click Delete. Now, return to the app and refresh your calendars by pressing Command-R. Duplicates should disappear. If duplicates don’t appear on the iCloud Web site: That means the problem is on your end. Choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and deselect Calendars. Your iCloud calendars disappear from the Calendars list. Then, choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and select Calendars. As iCloud re-populates your calendar data, this time it should get it right. How Do I Move a Calendar to Another Computer? -- Here’s the beauty of cloud accounts such as iCloud or Google: your calendars show up on any other device that’s connected to that account, no effort required. If you use local On My Mac calendars, though, and want to move one to another computer, you must export a copy and then import it elsewhere. To export a calendar so you can move it to another computer, share it with someone else, or make a local backup: Select the calendar’s name in the Calendars list. Choose File > Export > Export. Choose a location and then click Export. The events are exported to a calendar (.ics) file. Here’s how to import a calendar (.ics) file: Create a new calendar that will hold this file’s events, or choose an existing calendar you want to add its events to. Make sure your choice is selected in the Calendars list. Choose File > Import. (You can import a calendar archive (.icbu) file with the File > Import command, but when you do, it replaces all of your current calendar and reminders information, so make sure you get a .ics file here.) Select the calendar file and then click Import. Alternatively, drag a calendar file from the Finder to the Calendar window to add its events to whichever calendar is selected in the Calendars list. How Can I Merge Calendars? -- If you were over-enthusiastic about making calendars, so long as they are stored in the same account (or are all in On My Mac), you can merge them after the fact. Select one of the calendars in the Calendars list and choose Edit > Merge Calendar. Calendars that you can add events to appear in the submenu. If you can’t merge the two calendars you want, instead consolidate them by exporting the contents of one and then importing it into another, as described earlier in this excerpt. Why Won’t My Calendar Show Maps or Travel Time? -- To see travel time related to a calendar event, you must turn on Location Services on the device where you are working with the event: Mac: Go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy. Click Location Services, and then click the lock icon and enter your administrator name and password at the prompt. Click Location Services. Then, in the list to the right, select the checkbox next to Calendars. iOS: Open the Settings app, tap Privacy > Location Services, and turn on the Location Services switch. Still on the Location Services screen, tap Calendar and ensure that Never is not selected. With these settings on, Calendar can determine your approximate location using information from Wi-Fi networks, and if your device has cellular data turned on, from the cellular network. Apple asserts that this is collected in a way that won’t personally identify you. Why Can’t I See Any of My Reminders on My iPhone? -- If you’re faced with a blank screen when you try to check reminders on your iPhone or another of your iOS devices, you may be saving them to iCloud elsewhere, but not be using iCloud on this one. Tap Settings > Your Name > iCloud. Now tap iCloud and make sure the Reminders switch is On. How Can I Get an “On My Mac” Option? -- If you want to store a calendar or reminders list locally on your Mac, you need to choose On My Mac from the submenu when you create the calendar or list. If you don’t see that choice, and you don’t have an On My Mac heading in the app’s left-hand Calendars list or sidebar, you can solve the problem by turning off all accounts associated with calendars or reminders and then turning them back on. To see an On My Mac option in Calendars: Go to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts. Select each account listed there in turn and uncheck the Enable This Account box. Your account-based calendars disappear from the Calendars list — do not be alarmed! In fact, if they don’t disappear, try quitting and relaunching Calendar. Choose File > New Calendar and a new calendar appears in your Calendars list under the header On My Mac. If you want to view your account-based calendars in addition to your On My Mac calendar, return to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts and select those accounts’ Enable This Account box. To see an On My Mac option in Reminders: Choose Reminders > Accounts to open the Internet Accounts pane of System Preferences. For each account listed at the left, select it and then see whether the Reminders checkbox is selected. If it is, deselect it. Your account-based lists disappear from the Reminders sidebar — this is okay! An On My Mac option appears. Return to the Internet Accounts pane and for each account where you do want to view its reminders on your Mac, select its Reminders checkbox. Solving any one or the above described problems may put your calendaring and remembering system back on track. For more help, the 129-page “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” looks at creating alerts automatically or by hand, setting up a notification system that keeps you informed without driving you berserk, sharing calendars and to-do lists, and much more. Pick up a copy today to eliminate scheduling anxiety tomorrow!   PDFpen and PDFpenPro 9 add 100+ enhancements to improve your PDF editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <http://smle.us/pdfpen9-tb>   Comments about Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon  2017-05-22 22:59 How do I get declined meetings to show up on my iOS calendar the same way they do on my macOS calendar? I've found the iOS option to have them display, but they only show until the time of the event. Once the event has passed they mysteriously disappear from the iOS calendar. This inconsistency between iOS and macOS calendars is driving me crazy. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 12:56 Hi Simon, Open Calendar on your iPhone, tap the word Calendars (in red) at the bottom of the screen. Then scroll all the way to the bottom. You'll see a Show Declined Events slider. Toggle that on. Declined events show up in your Inbox. (Which is a bit odd.) Go to Calendar's Year view, tap Inbox at the bottom of the screen, and then tap Replied. A list of events--Declined or not--should appear there. Does that work? Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:21 Thanks, but as I already mentioned I know how to get them to display. That's not the problem. The problem is they only display in the calendar until the time of the event. However, once the event time passes, they mysteriously get removed from the calendar. So you have no way of going back and checking events in the past if you had declined them. This is highly inconsistent. The macOS calendar does not do this. Events there don't just disappear oon their own. To make matters worse, as far as I can tell there's no option to change this behavior. Apple just decided that nobody would ever need to know about a past event if they declined it. And we users are stuck that on iOS. Argh. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:23 Do you still see them in the Inbox, though? I can see my older declined events there. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:26 I do see older suggested events in my calendar (even from more than a year ago), but only if I didn't accept or decline them. (Once you tap Add To Calendar, they become a regular event.) Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:28 No, only future events are listed there. Both accepted and declined, but nothing from the past. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:29 Actually, I see that the declined events in my Inbox are in the future (there's just no year with them). I'll research this some more. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 12:32 I started using Reminders recently and was just getting into it when one day all my Reminders were gone. They weren't in iCloud and not on my computer. Just gone. Makes me hesitant to rely on it. Any idea what caused my reminders to disappear after working reliably for months? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:00 There are a few things that might make this happen. Probably the most likely is that Reminders got turned off for an account. Go to Reminders > Accounts and click on the account the reminders belonged to (or take a look at all the accounts if you're not sure). Reminders should be selected in the account's list. If this is what happened, when you select Reminders for the account again, they will reappear. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 13:36 I did what you said and checked Reminders. However, this did not cause the missing reminders to reappear, even after quitting and restarting Reminders. What else can I try? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:40 A couple of questions: What kind of account were the missing reminders in (iCloud, On My Mac, etc)? Also, are they missing on a particular device or on all your devices (Mac, iPhone, etc.)? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 14:11 I entered them into the Reminders app on my iMac. I never used them on iCloud or my iPhone. I have checked now and the iCloud and iPhone have similar lists (with no entries except a few completed items). On the iMac it's different--there's just nothing where there used to be several recurring reminders. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-05-25 19:00 Stan, do you think the problem is that your _list_ disappeared or is the list still around but the entries in it have disappeared? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-26 20:07 I believe it was the entries. I don't remember creating any new lists--just used the default. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-05-30 18:31 Stan, I have to say that I am mystified. Even if you had checked off your reminders as done, they should still be available in the Completed section of the list (that section is available from the top, which you usually have to scroll up on the list to see). My only idea is that you have two lists with the same name, and one of them is in an account that isn't currently active, like Google or Yahoo. Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:17 Do you discuss time zones in Apple's Calendar app? I moved from Europe to the US 10 years ago and never managed to change the time zone in Calendar (still on Central European time). Changing to Eastern Time messes up all my future (and past) appointments, i.e. moves them to 6 hours earlier. When I am in a different time zone I like to use the LOCAL time in my calendar not the time zone I live in. Not sure why the damn app doesn't understand that. Thanks :) Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:21 PS: I meant the macOS Calendar v7.0 (currently still in OS 10.9.5, sorry, different story). Reply Simon  2017-05-23 21:42 I've had exactly the same problem. It appears the problem is Calendar does not offer support for local time. It's hell bent on being smart so as soon as you move, either all your past or your future appointments will shift to weird times in your calendar. It's frustrating. Apparently it was designed by people who cannot imagine life beyond a single time zone. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-24 12:06 Dealing with time zones is covered in the book. That can get confusing! Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-24 12:05 Dealing with time zones is covered in the book. That can get confusing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Scholle McFarland TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … Share Tweet Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ Ariana Grande Announces #Manchester Benefit Concert for June 4 Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] Music Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … By Arron Hirst 8 hours ago Share Tweet Yep, it’s still happening … Those that thought Apple had permanently parked its decision to release a serial spin-off to Cordon’s widely popular primetime Carpool segment, when the firm notably and seemingly without reason cancelled its planned L.A. launch event – last month, may be surprised to learn that the anticipated reality series just got an actual air date. “The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music,” Apple said in its release on Tuesday. The announcement came just hours after Eddy Cue tweeted to confirm the show was still on track for an August release. Full press release follows. Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Apple today announced Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting Tuesday, August 8. The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, Carpool Karaoke: The Series is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers, along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. The popular Carpool Karaoke will continue to be a recurring segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which is broadcast Monday through Friday on the CBS Television Network. / Newsroom Continue Reading You may also like... Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ Ariana Grande Announces #Manchester Benefit Concert for June 4 Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. New Apple Ads: Music, Privacy, Fast, Jump, Photos [UPDATED] Related Topics:AM, Apple Music, August 8, Carpool, Carpool Karaoke, Cordon, Debut, featured top, fettered, Music, Reality TV, Streaming, Television, TV, Video Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Music Music Ariana Grande Announces #Manchester Benefit Concert for June 4 By Arron Hirst15 hours ago The singer has announced she will honour all those who were caught up in the tragic... Music @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext By Arron Hirst26th May 17 12:11 am Officially kicking off last month by highlighting the then lesser-known talents of Atlanta’s very own, R&B-infected:... Music Apple Music Debuts Film Exclusive: ‘Harry Styles: Behind The Album’ By Arron Hirst16th May 17 12:30 am As previously announced via the music service’s Instagram profile, Apple Music on Monday officially debuted exclusive... Music ‘Amar Pelos Dois’ Hits iTunes #1 Following ESC2017 [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst14th May 17 12:27 am After managing to defeat the televised contest’s 25 other contestants to be crowned winner of this... Music STARRHINO Debuts “Made On iPhone” Single: ‘It’s Time’ [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst4th May 17 10:44 pm Industry newcomers and all-round social phenomenon #STARRHINO officially announced the release of their debut single, on... Music Apple Music Reveals Exclusive ‘Puff Daddy’ Documentary, Streaming June 25 By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 2:10 am In a continuing effort to give its members evermore reasons to stay subscribed, Apple announced over... Music Introducing: #THEHOTLIST Collections™ By Arron Hirst30th Apr 17 2:42 am Ever since I began putting together a weekly curated playlist on Apple Music – last August,... Music Now On iTunes: ‘Guardians of the Galaxy (Awesome Mix Vol. 2)’ By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 11:34 pm Not yet live on streaming services, Guardians of the Galaxy (Awesome Mix Vol. 2) – the... Music Frank Ocean Premieres New Single: ‘Lens’ — Exclusively On Beats 1 [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst23rd Apr 17 10:48 pm All but managing to break the internet with the anticipated release of album: Blonde, last August... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Lego Batman: 2-Movie Bundle X-Men: $9.99 Movies Recent Releases: $7.99 or Less 69¢ Songs Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Follow: Architecture Interiors Design Technology Movies Comments Opinion News Interviews Highlights About Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Legal Dezeen Magazine Next story Follow: Movies Comments Opinion Subscribe Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Foster + Partners opens "one of our greenest Apple spaces yet" in Singapore Share: Amy Frearson | 30 May 2017 Leave a comment Foster + Partners has built yet another tree-filled Apple Store, but this one also features hand-carved stone staircases. Singapore's official ranking as the greenest city in Asia informed the design of Apple Orchard Road, the first Apple flagship in the city. Like Foster + Partners' other recent Apple Stores, particularly the ones in London and Dubai, the building's most prominent feature is its trees. There are eight mature trees at the entrance and a further 12 ficus trees inside. The building also integrates an array of sustainable technologies – meaning all of its energy comes from renewable sources. "This is one of our greenest Apple spaces yet," said architect Stefan Behling, who is head of studio at Foster + Partners. "It breaks down the boundaries between the inside and outside, with the greenery cascading through the store from the mezzanine to the ground floor and out onto Orchard Road, creating the most welcoming civic gesture." Related story Foster + Partners completes Dubai Apple Store with carbon-fibre "solar wings" In line with the now-familiar Apple Store aesthetic, the store features a minimal glass facade measuring 36.5 metres wide. This is sheltered beneath a slender cantilevered canopy, offering protection from Singapore's notorious tropical showers. The eight mature trees stand in front of this facade, framing a public square at the entrance. The aim was to create a green orchard that pays tribute to the fruit and nutmeg trees that once occupied the area. Inside, the two-storey space is framed by walls of Italian Castagna stone, which integrate the two hand-carved spiral staircases. The architects describe these as "warm and beautifully sculpted bookends" that offer "an homage to craftsmanship and materiality". The ficus trees are located on both levels, planted in the same donut-shaped pots seen in previous stores, but the majority can be found up on the mezzanine. Called the Genius Grove, rather than the Genius Bar, this space is the largest of its kind in any Apple Store worldwide. It is slightly set back from the facade behind a simple glass balustrade, creating a double-height atrium below. The store's other features include Apple's widest video screen in the world, housed in a space called The Forum. The aim is for this to become a meeting place for the city's creative community. Norman Foster's firm has established itself as the architect of choice for technology giant Apple. Although the company wasn't involved in Apple's original store designs, it came up with the range of new interior features that were first showcased at the Apple Union Square store in San Francisco. It is also behind the design of Apple Park, the brand's new ring-shaped headquarters in Cupertino, California. Both Apple and Norman Foster ranked highly on the inaugural Dezeen Hot List – a countdown of last year's most newsworthy names in architecture and design. Apple did best, coming in at 11, but Foster was just behind at 13. Related story Apple unveils tree-filled Regent Street store by Foster + Partners Photography is by Nigel Young/Foster + Partners. Read more Apple Apple Stores Architecture Foster + Partners retail shops Singapore staircases stone trees Share and comment Share: Leave a comment More Architecture Interiors Design Technology More Apple Stores Foster + Partners completes Dubai Apple Store with ... Slender roof covers Apple Store Stanford by Bohlin Cywinski ... Apple Store by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson opens in Calatrava's ... Apple unveils tree-filled Regent Street store by Foster + ... Apple Store Williamsburg by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson features ... Foster + Partners unveils Apple Union Square store in San ... First Apple Store under Jonathan Ive unveiled in Brussels Foster + Partners completes Apple store in Hangzhou, China Comments Visit our comments page | Read our comments policy Top architecture stories Images of New York skyscraper by David Adjaye leaked Reader comment: "They would certainly cut my food consumption" Zaha Hadid Architects' design kitchen island for Boffi Labour Party to put creative industries at heart of UK's Brexit negotiations EKAR Architects designs concrete-block Thailand house for siblings Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters Competition: win a book detailing the history of BD Barcelona Movie: Athletes wear custom Nike trainers in attempt to break record £10 off monochrome watches Opinion: "How do you avoid a robot apocalypse?" Latest Dezeen Mail features Vipp's prefabricated cabin Dezeen Watch Store Dezeen Jobs Highlights Products World's first graphene paint Products World's first graphene paint Fashion Parsons graduate fashion Fashion Parsons graduate fashion Products Flat-pack food by MIT researchers Products Flat-pack food by MIT researchers Residential "Beyond hyper-realistic" visuals Residential "Beyond hyper-realistic" visuals Architecture Snøhetta's Harvard HouseZero Architecture Snøhetta's Harvard HouseZero Pinterest 10 roof gardens Pinterest 10 roof gardens Residential Pioneering social housing projects Residential Pioneering social housing projects Residential Affordable Danish homes Residential Affordable Danish homes Opinion "I am not a female architect" Opinion "I am not a female architect" News Gaudí's first house to open News Gaudí's first house to open Products Robot drawing arm Products Robot drawing arm Public and leisure Rammed-earth observation tower Public and leisure Rammed-earth observation tower Skyscrapers Ole Scheeren's MahaNakhon tower Skyscrapers Ole Scheeren's MahaNakhon tower Residential Eight pop-up "glamping" cabins Residential Eight pop-up "glamping" cabins Design WantedDesign 2017 highlights Design WantedDesign 2017 highlights Share: Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Movies Comments Opinion Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Dezeen Book of InterviewsDezeen Watch StoreAre you looking for a job in architecture or design? Visit our recruitment site Dezeen Jobs
    Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Events News Ticker [ 30th May 2017 ] Kirsty Coventry to Serve as Chef-De-Mission for Zimbabwe at Youth Olympic Games Sport [ 30th May 2017 ] Wenger to extend Arsenal reign – reports Sport [ 30th May 2017 ] Big tobacco leaves huge ecological footprint – WHO Health & Fitness [ 30th May 2017 ] Dump coalition: Tsvangirai advised Headline [ 30th May 2017 ] Minister escapes assassination attempt as Zanu PF infighting gets messy Main News Search for: HomeTechnologyApple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology Apple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology 1st October 2016 Staff Reporter Technology 62 Apple has been ordered to pay more than $302m (£233) for infringing patents belonging to VirnetX Holding Corp. The iPhone maker has been found guilty of using VirnetX’s internet security technology in features like FaceTime. The verdict is a let-down for Apple for a case that has been going on since 2010. At first the jury ruled that Apple owed more than $600m to VirnetX, but in August 2016 an appeals court threw the ruling out, saying jurors may have been confused. The latest verdict was handed out by the Eastern District of Texas court, which has gained a reputation for favouring plaintiffs that allege infringement in patent cases, reports say. Both Apple and VirnetX have not issued any statement post the order but Bloomberg reports that Apple is likely to face another round of court proceedings. The court will try to determine whether Apple wilfully infringed the patents and if found guilty, the company could face much higher damages. VirnetX has also filed another patent infringement case against Apple over other security features that include the iMessage application. VirnetX was founded by former employees of government contractor SAIC Inc, and most of its developed technology stems from work done for the CIA for developing secure communications. In fact, the company has been unsuccessful in marketing its own software and mostly relies on patent licensing for revenue. It has only about 20 employees, both part-time and full-time, and got its last payout from Microsoft Corp amounting to $23m. – IBTimes Share this: Related Posts Nokia sues Apple for infringing technology patents ‘Facebook ‘most secure’ for instant messaging services, says Amnesty Facebook gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Cyber Bill to be enacted before elections Apple criticizes British plans to extend online surveillance Sexually explicit Nust exam sparks public outcry Apple to delay live TV service to next year: Bloomberg Mobile, Internet payments breach $1 billion mark U.S. Supreme Court backs Samsung in smartphone fight with Apple U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Is Rihanna pregnant? Instagram image sparks rumours as fans speculate about the baby daddy 29th May 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Rihanna is no stranger to being a subject of online speculation especially when it comes to her private life. But a recent picture of the Barbadian songstress has left her fans wondering if she is […] Arts & Entertainment Michael Jackson’s daughter Paris mistaken for a homeless person after arriving early on set 28th May 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Paris Jackson took to Twitter on May 26 to recall an unfortunate incident she had with a crew member on the set of her untitled movie. The 19-year-old was mistaken for a homeless person and […] Arts & Entertainment Thomas Mapfumo & The Blacks Unlimited Perform for the 2nd Night of the Osher Marin JCC’s the 25th Annual Summer Nights Outdoor Music Series on Sat. July 15 at 7pm 25th May 2017 Staff Reporter 0 The 25th Annual Summer Series of live music, dinners, cocktails, picnics, dancing, Kid Zone, and fun for all continues on Saturday July 15th with the beloved “Lion of Zimbabwe”: Thomas Mapfumo and his band The […] Arts & Entertainment Damian Marley’s deep love for Africa 24th May 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Damian Marley’s 2010 collaboration album with Nas, Distant Relatives is littered with references to Africa’s rich cultural background. During the recording of the album Marley and Nas dug through archives of African music in search […]   Previous article Next article 11 Comments on Apple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology ir-store.com 19th May 2017 at 16:55 It does not take ideal time to make a few blueprints with the long haul as well as it time for it to be at liberty.. persian tar I’ve discover this particular publish if I could truthfully We need to help you couple of exciting troubles or maybe tips. You may could publish future posts with this document. I wish to get more information aspects of it! Reply Vpsgol.Net 22nd May 2017 at 07:26 Great function! Which is the variety of details that are supposed to always be embraced throughout the world wide web سرور مجازی. Disgrace to the search for engines for no extended setting this distribute higher! Seriously more than and seek the advice of my site. Many thanks Equals) Reply pamelaei 22nd May 2017 at 11:52 Alles zu seiner Zeit. Skinny teenage brunette playing with her tight wet pussy Reply vpsgol.net 22nd May 2017 at 21:42 I favor the valuable information and facts you actually give your articles. We’ll take a note of your own web site and check all over again listed here frequently سرور مجازی امریکا. I will be fairly specified I am instructed a lot of completely new material the following! All the best ! for the following! Reply سرور مجازی امریکا 24th May 2017 at 07:35 Cheers intended for giving the following with all of folks you actually determine what you happen to be communicating close to! Saved as a favorite. Please in addition seek advice from my own internet site Is equal to).. سرور مجازی امریکا We’re going to possess a link exchange long term contract between you Reply ChrGrofids 24th May 2017 at 10:55 Buy Zyloprim [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/cheapest-cialis.php]Cheapest Cialis[/url] Levitra Erfahrungsaustausch Contatore Kamagra Holland [url=http://zoloft.ccrpdc.com/cheapest-zoloft-online.php]Cheapest Zoloft Online[/url] Proscar Y Propecia Cephalexin 500 Mgs Twice A Day [url=http://viag1.xyz/order-viagra.php]Order Viagra[/url] Buy Levitra On Line Priligy Costo In Farmacia [url=http://zol1.xyz/zoloft-100mg.php]Zoloft 100mg[/url] Cialis Pharmacie Lyon Difference Viagra Cialis [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buy-cheap-cialis-site.php]Buy Cheap Cialis Site[/url] Levothyroxine Canada 24h Mejor Cialis O Levitra [url=http://zol1.xyz/zoloft-fast-delivery.php]Zoloft Fast Delivery[/url] Lasix Buy Keflex Affects Urination [url=http://cial1.xyz/viagra-cialis.php]Viagra Cialis[/url] Finasteride 1 Mg Levitra Preisvergleich Generika [url=http://cial1.xyz/buy-cialis-cheap.php]Buy Cialis Cheap[/url] Viagra Pour Les Filles How To Order Nympho Max Drugs [url=http://cial1.xyz/tadalafil-tablets.php]Tadalafil Tablets[/url] Comprare Cialis Generico In Farmacia Levitra Bayer Comprar [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buying-cialis-online.php]Buying Cialis Online[/url] Priligy Dosierung Zentel 400mg Echinococcosis Real With Overnight Delivery [url=http://cytotec.ccrpdc.com/buy-cytotec-in-usa.php]Buy Cytotec In Usa[/url] Propecia Customer Reviews Thinning Hair Cialis Original 20 Mg [url=http://kama1.xyz/buy-kamagra-oral-jelly-online.php]Buy Kamagra Oral Jelly Online[/url] Kamagra Oral Jelly Vol.3 On Line Cheap Drugs [url=http://cial1.xyz/cheap-cialis-tablets.php]Cheap Cialis Tablets[/url] Free Shipping Progesterone Medication Doxycycline Discount Card [url=http://zol1.xyz/generic-zoloft-cheapest.php]Generic Zoloft Cheapest[/url] Purchasing Levaquin Overnight How Much Is Viagra Without Insurance [url=http://viag1.xyz/purchase-viagra.php]Purchase Viagra[/url] Rx Pills Com Dulcolax [url=http://zol1.xyz/brand-zoloft-online.php]Brand Zoloft Online[/url] Silagra Uk Tamoxifen To Buy [url=http://kama1.xyz/kamagra-forum.php]Kamagra Forum[/url] Ou Acheter Cialis En Confiance Cephalexin Side Effects [url=http://cialis.ccrpdc.com/buy-generic-cialis-online.php]Buy Generic Cialis Online[/url] Where To Buy Tab Finasteride Visa Tadalis Sx Ordonnance [url=http://cial1.xyz/cheap-cialis-tablets.php]Cheap Cialis Tablets[/url] Cephalexin Dosing Instructions Generic Viagra Testimonials [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buying-cialis-online.php]Buying Cialis Online[/url] Discount Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 25mg Reply خرید vps 28th May 2017 at 10:19 Heya i am for the primary period here. I found this particular aboard so i realize its actually beneficial & that solved the problem away a good deal خرید vps. Lets hope to offer you a thing again and guide other people just like you made it simpler for my family. Reply JamInhed 28th May 2017 at 10:21 Propecia Op Recept [url=http://doxyc.xyz/vibramycin-online-online.php]Vibramycin Online Online[/url] Can I Purchase Progesterone Free Consultation Over The Counter Cialis Walgreens [url=http://antabusa.xyz/antabuse-online-stores.php]Antabuse Online Stores[/url] Lisinopril 5mg Cheapeast Zentel Medication Discount Overseas [url=http://las1.xyz/acheter-frusemide.php]Acheter Frusemide[/url] Buy Tamoxifen In Uk Profesional Viagra [url=http://prozac.ccrpdc.com/generic-prozac.php]Generic Prozac[/url] Accutane And Amoxicillin Wirkt Nicht Cialis Levitra [url=http://al7.xyz/xenical-prices.php]Xenical Prices[/url] Canadian Vigra Online Free Sample Viagra Canada [url=http://zithro.xyz/cheap-zithromax-500mg.php]Cheap Zithromax 500mg[/url] Zithromax Overnight Shipping Tadapox On Line [url=http://cytobuy.xyz/acheter-cytotec-pharmacie.php]Acheter Cytotec Pharmacie[/url] Propecia Jovenes Buy Prednisone For Dogs Online [url=http://buynolva.xyz/nolvadex-doses.php]Nolvadex Doses[/url] Dapoxetine En Ligne Viagra Generikum Potenzmittel [url=http://clom1.xyz/clomid-online-stores.php]Clomid Online Stores[/url] Miglior Sito Dove Comprare Viagra The Effects Of 500mg Amoxicillin [url=http://prope1.xyz/propecia-no-prescription.php]Propecia No Prescription[/url] Viagra Overnight Express Usa Cheap Viagra Next Day Delivery Uk 269 [url=http://nolva.xyz/purchase-nolvadex-online.php]Purchase Nolvadex Online[/url] Zithromax Asthma Com Loans Easy Secure Bad Credit OK for FastCash. Car Title Loans and installment loans made pursuant to a Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders Law License.While a personal finance loan can be taken for as little as the balance borrowed can be up to several thousand dollars. [url=http://fastmoneyfor.com]personal loans online[/url] Sec. Reply persian tar 28th May 2017 at 10:47 It is possible to surely call at your abilities in the pictures you’re writing. The whole world desires for all the more fervent freelance writers as if you who aren’t worried to note the way they think.. persian tar On a regular basis follow the coronary heart. Reply Persian Tar 29th May 2017 at 23:04 I actually do confidence the many suggestions you might have offered for your posting. They’re pretty persuading and will certainly operate. Continue to, your posts are extremely easy for novices. May just you please lengthen these individuals a bit via up coming time period? Appreciation for the actual publish.. persian tar Reply persian backgammon 29th May 2017 at 23:05 Remarkable problems right here. Now i’m able to visit your report persian backgammon. Thank you for writing about to effect you. Might you be sure to drop me a mailbox? Reply 51 Trackbacks & Pingbacks Google Search 3000 App amazon product Seo Mechanical Keyboard Switches audio spionaj wireless microphones headset iran backgammon best smm panel Cheryl Barnes rabbit vibrator fantasy flex vibrator anal vibrator erotic talk www.phenterminedispensary.com 韓国エスコートアガシ turinabol games for pc pc apps for windows 8 福井脱毛 Inspection in China best work at home jobs Cheap 2017 World MLB Baseball Classic Jerseys سرور مجاری فرانسه pure kona videos motu and patlu games sex diary Water plumber cool egyptian pendant sex TensorFlow Buy Craft Beer Online Army regulation issue boots HPMC capsules drug treatment and alcoholism women how to buy kona tratamento de drogas Anti Aging skincare AvtoVAZ lefkoşa satılık daire fiyatları wall bed mechanism sport bra g spot vibe discount sex toys ean codes tama tube free web hosting womens sex toy Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Kirsty Coventry to Serve as Chef-De-Mission for Zimbabwe at Youth Olympic Games by Staff Reporter in Sport 0 Five-time Olympian Kirsty Coventry will be heading to another Olympics-related event next October when she fills the roll of chef-de-mission for Zimbabwe team at the Youth Olympic Games in Buenos Aires. “I felt like this would be [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Russia, China pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons US intelligence boss says by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The US has indicated an increased threat of space warfare from Russia and China. The director of national intelligence, Dan Coats in a written testimony to a Senate hearing has said the two countries are [...] Event Updater Winky D live in London. Video by Reminiscs Msgs Madirirano SA Tour, Capetown. Video by Simbarashe Chakare Sulumani Chimbetu Live in Edmonton, Canada. Video by Africa RadioShow Jah Prayzah in London. Video by Belinda Magejo Fungisayi in London. Video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zodwa Wabantu video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zimbabwe Gospel Artist Tyra Chikocho popularly known as Madam Boss singing LIVE in Leicester, United Kingdom. - Video by Obert Mazivisa Editor’s Kirsty Coventry to Serve as Chef-De-Mission for Zimbabwe at Youth Olympic Games Wenger to extend Arsenal reign – reports Big tobacco leaves huge ecological footprint – WHO Dump coalition: Tsvangirai advised Minister escapes assassination attempt as Zanu PF infighting gets messy ‘It’s not over yet’ – Mzembi peddled lingering hope Man City chairman says Aguero will stay next season Kenya President Kenyatta launches campaign amid concern over violence Angolan president dos Santos returns from Spain Leadership wrangle rocks Zanu PF Manicaland hud homes: Magnificent goods from you, man. I have understand your stuff previous to and you are just too magnificent. I actually… adult sex toy: adult sex toy [...]that is the end of this report. Here you will come across some internet sites that… social security administration: I wanted to make a quick comment to thank you for all the marvelous items you are posting at… News in Motion FIFA president pledges support of Zimbabwe 24th February 2017 1 ‘Fat Kasukuwere is getting desperate’ – MDC-T 29th March 2015 136 MDC-T plunge onto the battlefront of the ZIFA elections 7th November 2015 0 Helpless, fearful Zimbabweans keep Mugabe in power – Tsvangirai 3rd March 2016 2 Doddering Robert Mugabe talks of his death 26th February 2017 5 ‘Tsvangirai leaves hospital, expected home soon’ 30th May 2016 1050 OPPOSITION MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been discharged from a private South African hospital where he was admitted since last week and is expected home anytime soon, NewsDay has learnt. BY PHYLLIS MBANJE In a [...] Hunger stalks Buhera 17th April 2016 801 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 551 Shamu to topple Mutsvangwa 16th August 2016 446 Mujuru woos thousands in Bulawayo 19th June 2016 390 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 13923 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 13923 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 10,019 Shares Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Director William B. Gordon Sells 549,637 Shares Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Sells $3,658,828.50 in Stock Rafferty Asset Management LLC Has $1.75 Million Position in SVB Financial Group (SIVB) ASML Holding NV (ASML) Shares Bought by Rafferty Asset Management LLC Rafferty Asset Management LLC Invests $1.95 Million in Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Guess?, Inc. (GES) Stake Boosted by K2 Principal Fund L.P. K2 Principal Fund L.P. Acquires Shares of 19,000 Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Insider Selling: Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Insider Sells 445,000 Shares of Stock Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Buys 570 Shares of Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) LMR Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Flowserve Corp (FLS) LMR Partners LLP Invests $570,000 in Gap Inc (GPS) LMR Partners LLP Raises Stake in Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Has $2.88 Million Stake in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Boosts Stake in Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Highwoods Properties (HIW) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Impact Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Stock Price Omeros (OMER) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds LivaNova PLC (LIVN) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Pzena Investment Management (PZN) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 10,019 Shares May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Johny Srouji sold 10,019 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.96, for a total value of $1,542,525.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 91,291 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,055,162.36. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Johny Srouji also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 22nd, Johny Srouji sold 10,000 shares of Apple stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.20, for a total value of $1,532,000.00. Apple Inc. (AAPL) traded up 0.04% on Tuesday, hitting $153.67. The stock had a trading volume of 20,122,425 shares. The stock has a market cap of $801.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.03 and a beta of 1.26. The company’s 50-day moving average is $147.91 and its 200-day moving average is $130.91. Apple Inc. has a one year low of $91.50 and a one year high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a $0.63 dividend. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 10,019 Shares” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/apple-inc-aapl-insider-johny-srouji-sells-10019-shares.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. American Beacon Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter worth approximately $117,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $127,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Apple by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 921 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 432 shares during the last quarter. Welch Investments LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Finally, Odey Holdings AG increased its position in shares of Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. AAPL has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. UBS Group AG upped their price target on Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Mizuho upped their price target on Apple from $130.00 to $135.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Morgan Stanley upped their price target on Apple to $150.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Maxim Group dropped their price target on Apple from $173.00 to $164.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $159.65. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Carpool Karaoke: The Series arrives for Apple Music users on August 8 Brittany A. Roston - May 30, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has announced that its customers will soon have access to Carpool Karaoke: The Series, a show that revolves around celebrities getting in a car and having fun with others over topics that include music, comedy, and more. According to Apple, the series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting on August 8, bringing them new episodes every Tuesday in more than one hundred countries around the globe. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is Apple’s own original content, one of many original shows made by companies that are increasingly augmenting traditional television programming with their own content targeted at millennial-and-younger audiences. This particular series is made for Apple Music in particular by CBS Television Studios, according to Apple, as well as Fulwell 73. The show has tapped Eric Pankowski as executive producer, and both Ben Winston and James Corden serve as the show’s creators and executive producers. The series has many well-known celebrities on board as guests, including Queen Latifah, Shakira, Sophie Turner, Trevor Noah, Alicia Keys, Jada Pinkett Smith, LeBron James, and more. The series is based on the hit segment played on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which Apple says will continue to feature the carpool segment. Not familiar with Apple Music? The company is offering new customers a free three month trial of the service, which if started today will still be active when the new Carpool series arrives in early August. Once the trial ends, subscribers will pay $9.99/month for an individual plan, $4.99/month for the student membership, or $14.99/month for the family plan (for up to six people). SOURCE: Apple Story Timeline Apple opens flagship Singapore store, its first retail outlet in Southeast Asia Swiss watchmaker H. Moser creates $27k Apple Watch lookalike Apple is to blame for your Nintendo Switch shortage Tags AppleEntertainmentMusicvideo Must Read Bits & Bytes Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on 6 Essential Phone details that make Andy Rubin’s device unique Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone breaks all the rules Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist Latest Headlines Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on May 31, 2017 5 big things Andy Rubin just told us about the Essential Phone May 30, 2017 Linux-based AGL OS to debut in 2018 Toyota Camry May 30, 2017 ASUS ROG Zephyrus aims for world’s thinnest gaming laptop crown May 30, 2017 BlackBerry KEYone US avaiability: here’s what you need to know May 30, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Beetle Dune Convertible Review May 29, 2017 Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/qualcomm-apple-is-aiming-to-make-its-own-baseband-says-raymond-james-1496184408 Tech Trader Daily Qualcomm: Apple Is Aiming to Make its Own Baseband, Says Raymond James Apple's hiring of an engineer from Qualcomm means the company is intent on adding the "baseband" modem capabilities to its mobile chips, the latest effort to bring inside its circuitry, says Raymond James's Tavis McCourt. By Tiernan Ray May 30, 2017 6:46 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Among Apple (AAPL ) tidbits today was a report by Fortune’s Aaron Pressman saying that the company as hired away an engineer from Qualcomm (QCOM) who had been running the chip designer’s communications parts, meaning, its bread-and-butter baseband business, citing a LinkedIn posting. The baseband is the modem that manages the upload and download connections in a device. Some analysts already predicted Qualcomm might see its dominant share of baseband eroded by Intel (INTC), which last year started selling modems to Apple for the first time. Esin Terzioglu, the Qualcomm engineer, wrote that he feels “privileged for the opportunity to continue my career” at Apple, writes Pressman, citing the post. In response, Raymond James analyst Tavis McCourt this evening writes that it should now be clear, if it wasn’t before, that Apple will continue to “internalize” chip resources. It already has an “A” series microprocessor line that has powered most of its iOS-based device such as the iPhone. That includes graphics circuitry. And now, McCourt sees Apple continuing to add to its efforts with baseband circuitry. "The data point is the latest in a list of instances suggesting that Apple has plans to develop full SoCs in house for future mobile devices,” writes McCourt. "The current A series processors lack a baseband modem and Terzioglu’s move seems to suggest that Apple is acquiring the necessary expertise to develop such technology." Qualcomm, you’ll recall, was sued by Apple back in January for what it said was an abuse of Qualcomm’s dominant role in making baseband parts for mobile devices. Qualcomm responded by seeking a dismissal of a simultaneous complaint brought against it by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, alleging that it was a victim of Apple’s behavior. It has also sued Apple’s contract manufacturers, such as Hon Hai Precision, and last week requested a preliminary injunction against them because of royalties Qualcomm says it’s owed that Apple has instructed those manufacturers to withhold. Qualcomm stock today declined 18 cents to close at $57.34. Text Size Regular Medium Large baseband chips iOS iPhone mobile semiconductor smartphone wireless Global Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS Nvidia's HGX Another Arrow in Their Cloud Quiver, Says RBC NEXT Cadence's 'C5' Is Latest Interesting Bit in A.I., Says Linley Group Most Popular You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Fatally Flawed? Dow Drops 50 Points as S&P 500 Snaps 7-Day Winning Streak No, Really. Big Bank Stocks Could Be Heading Higher. The Biggest Loser: Kinder Morgan Sinks 4.3% Qualcomm: Apple Is Aiming to Make its Own Baseband, Says Raymond James Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Security Apple Sees Massive Increase in National Security Requests for User Data The spike in requests during the latter half of 2016 has some eyebrows raised. by News Staff / May 30, 2017 Shutterstock Apple released its biannual transparency report for the latter half of 2016, and the report showed a massive rise in National Security Letters (NSLs) from the U.S. government requesting user data. NSLs come from government agencies in the form of search warrants, wiretap orders, subpoenas and other court orders. NSLs do not require quite the same standards as a traditional warrant, but many of the investigations result in Apple providing data. According to the report, between 5,750 and 5,999 NSLs were issued concerning data from 4,750 to 4,999 different accounts. This is quite a jump from the range of 2,750 to 2,999 NSLs Apple received in the first half of 2016. Device-based requests in the U.S. increased dramatically as well. These requests differ from NSLs in that they are typically submitted by law enforcement agencies that are working on cases of identity theft or stolen devices. The data showed that 4,254 device requests were made concerning just more than 20,000 devices in the second half of 2016. Apple reported that it provided data for 78 percent, or 3,335, of these requests. In the first half of 2016, the 1,363 requests were made for fewer than 10,000 devices. RELATEDApple Unveils 'Worst Kept Secret' About Interest in Self-Driving Vehicles'WannaCry' Ransomware Attack Reveals Government Possession of Attack ToolsCupertino, Calif.'s Buildingeye Launch Puts Apple's Construction Permits on a Map News Staff RELATED Apple Unveils 'Worst Kept Secret' About Interest in Self-Driving Vehicles 'WannaCry' Ransomware Attack Reveals Government Possession of Attack Tools Cupertino, Calif.'s Buildingeye Launch Puts Apple's Construction Permits on a Map DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Security Security with Dan Lohrmann Cybersecurity Has a Metrics Problem — Here’s What You Can Do About It Serverless Computing Is a Growing Trend — Here’s What You Need to Know 3 Ways to Better Predict the Future in Your Enterprise Can Cybersecurity Insurance Improve Threat Management? Beyond Spear Phishing: How to Address Whaling and More VISIT BLOG MAGAZINE Government Technology April/May 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Using Cloud Services to Advance Digital Transformation in Government Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Entertainment Image Source: The Late Late Show ‘Carpool Karaoke’ series no one asked for debuts on Apple Music August 8th Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 30th, 2017 at 5:17 PM Share Tweet Carpool Karaoke, Apple’s first original series, now has a release date. Apple’s Senior VP of Internet Software and Services Eddy Cue tweeted out on Tuesday afternoon that the show will make its Apple Music debut on Tuesday, August 8th. Subsequent episodes will premiere every Tuesday, exclusively available to active Apple Music subscribers. Don't Miss: Side-by-side image claims the iPhone 8 will be bigger than the iPhone 7 Spun off from the popular segment on James Corden’s The Late Late Show, Apple Music’s Carpool Karaoke will feature a revolving door of guest hosts, including the likes of Will Smith, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, John Cena and Shaquille O’Neal. Carpool Karaoke: The Series was originally scheduled to begin airing in April, but was pushed back without explanation. There was some speculation that Apple was adjusting the launch to coincide with WWDC 2017, which kicks of on June 5th, but that clearly didn’t end up being the case. Still, we wouldn’t be surprised if Apple had a teaser lined up for the keynote in San Jose next month. Tags: Apple, Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You Where does Tiger Woods rank in worst celebrity mugshots? By Mike Wehner 1 day ago NASA’s insane plan to ‘touch the sun’ is actually happening By Mike Wehner 16 hours ago T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways By Chris Mills 14 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
null
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Let Germany's Robopriest Offer You Guidance And Protection  The U.S. Military Says It Successfully Shot Down An ICBM For The Very First Time Will Robots Take Your Job? Our First Look At The Essential Phone, Android Done Right Mobile Intelligence Officials Disturbed By Trump's Attempts To Get World Leaders To Call His Personal Mobile Phone This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone How To Make The iPhone's Touch ID Work With Gloves Car Tech Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Uber's Self-Driving Truck Unit Is Being Investigated By The California DMV For Its Road Tests  Here Is Everything We Know So Far About Mercedes' 1000 HP Hypercar Australians Are Really, Really Good At Reading Confusing Road Signs Online Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money COVFEFE 5 Million Premises Can Connect To NBN Now, Says NBN Ukraine Just Tweeted A Simpsons GIF At Russia Because 2017 Is Weird As Hell Science & Health Don't Let That Global Warming Sleep Study Keep You Up At Night This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Organs CRISPR May Not Be Nearly As Precise As We Thought NASA's Lunar Orbiter Survived An Impact With A Tiny Meteor Cameras Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Computing Monitors With Everything Are Coming AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Nvidia's Max-Q Promises To Make Gaming Laptops Quieter Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match Gaming Monitors With Everything Are Coming Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money What You Need To Know About Max-Q, Nvidia's Plan To Make Gaming Laptops That Aren't Monstrosities NVIDIA Is Giving Away Overwatch Keys Through GeForce Experience Entertainment Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Get The Full Guardians Of The Galaxy - Mission: Breakout Experience Right Here So, 'House Of Cards' Characters Have Their Own Spotify Playlists Now Stranger Things' Eleven Auditioned For X-23 In Logan Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match North Korea's Latest Tablet Computer Has A Catchy Name: iPad Adam Clark Estes May 31, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  apple great artists steal iPad north korea Share Ryonghung, a North Korean technology company, recently announced a new tablet. It looks a lot like the weird, firewalled computers the country has produced in the past, with the addition of one curious new feature: The name. It's called... the iPad. Image: Ryonghung / NK News The new Ryonghung iPad comes with a "a quadcore 1.2 GHZ CPU, 1GB of RAM, an 8GB hard disk, an HDMI cable connection and comes with a keyboard and 'network connection' capabilities," NK News reports. Those aren't amazing specs, and they're nowhere close to the latest iPad that Apple sells. But the new Ryonghung iPad does sound nearly identical to the neutered Android tablet spotted in North Korean electronics stores back in 2013. Except for the blatant violation of Apple's trademark. Frankly, you have to give the North Koreans credit for having the gall to rip off the world's richest company, seemingly while giving zero damns. But North Korea has actually made a habit out of stealing Apple's ideas, although this appears to be the first time one of the country's tech companies has straight up lifted a trademarked name. A couple of years ago, a desktop computer that looked virtually identical to an Apple iMac showed up at a trade fair in Pyongyong. Image: KCTV Around the same time, North Korea also created a carbon copy of Apple's OS X. The so-called "Red Star 3.0" operating system could even run a version of Windows, complete with pre-installed military-themed wallpapers. (You can technically download this software, but you probably shouldn't.) Kim Jong Un has also been photographed with what appears to be a real Apple iMac on his desk. It's unclear what kind of software the new Ryonghung iPad runs, but it runs something. "Ryonghung iPad is now popular among customers," reads an advertisement for the new tablet. "It can perform a range of functions such as reading different sources of digital information, office work and documentation. And it also has more than 40 apps." The marketing materials suggest that separate apps come on SD cards, including a farming program and something called "Good Doctor 3.0". So is Apple going to send its army of lawyers to Pyongyang to defend its trademark? Who knows. We've reached out to Apple and asked as much, but hadn't heard back at time of writing. [NK News] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Almost Guest May 31, 2017, 8:51am I doubt that Apple has trademarked "iPad" in North Korea and I doubt that North Korea is part of a trade pact with the US that protects each others IP. So saying they are blatantly violating Apple's trademark would be a misnomer unless, of course, North Korea starts directly selling their iPad in countries where Apple does hold the trademark. Reply 2 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 30 May 2017 2:00 AM If you want an electric bike, the Riese & Muller Charger GT is the creme de la creme. How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield 30 May 2017 6:30 AM Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Trending Articles 1 Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review 2 How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android 3 COVFEFE Don't Let That Global Warming Sleep Study Keep You Up At Night Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Monitors With Everything Are Coming Brave Players Who Entered Combo Breaker Mystery Game Tournament Had To Play Some Weird Stuff Popular Smash Bros Flash Game Gets Huge Update, New Characters New Sims Game Pack Makes Teens More Realistic, For Better Or Worse Monitors With Everything Are Coming State Of Origin 2017 Live Stream: Watch It Here How To Share The 'Mental Load' Of Chores With Your Partner Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Here's Nest first new product in a year -- a 4k wireless camera Macau casino boss Lawrence Ho is critical of James Packer's Crown The federal police were called after a Sydney startup was hacked and blackmailed Most of Australia's serious crime is being run from other countries © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Events Membership Newsletter Reports Services Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Google Versus Apple: A Clash To Excel In Augmented And Virtual Reality Augmented & Virtual Reality Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Abhinav Girdhar, CEO of Appy Pie, looks at how the tech giants are developing technology to compete for market dominance in AR and VR products PSFK Op-Eds 30 may 2017 Augmented reality and virtual reality have taken the world by storm. One recent report predicts that AR and VR headset sales will ring up around $36 billion in annual revenue by 2027, nearly 10 times the expected annual revenue rate for AR and VR devices for 2017. It’s been a long time coming, though. While AR and VR were introduced in the 90s by video game manufacturers like Nintendo and Sega, the technology and adoption of the technology didn’t really start to take off until 2012 and 2014, when Oculus VR came out with the Oculus Rift and Facebook bought the company, respectively. With the increasing innovation and Facebook’s stamp of approval, a.k.a. its acquisition of Oculus VR, a slew of hi-tech companies showed interest and presented some cool demos, providing users with a thrilling experience that blends the real with the virtual. This included startups like Magic Leap, to tech giants like Google, Apple and Microsoft. At this point, it’s safe to say there is no question: AR and VR are the wave of the future. What is in question, however, is which company will end up winning the AR and VR war, which seemed to be on everyone’s minds after Google CEO Sundar Pichai introduced Google Lens at its Developers Conference last week. With the help of its Google Assistant, it can now make use of the smartphone camera to display relevant content by analyzing one’s surroundings. This is compared with Apple, which is also not so far. Apple CEO Tim Cook is excited and serious about augmented and virtual reality, and has considered it as a game-changer that is going to become a part of daily life. As rumormongering continues, it is quite clear that both Apple and Google are working to bring the most out of this innovative technology, which will surely cause a huge clash in the future. To help understand who will be the future leader of AR and VR, I’ve shared some thoughts below. Virtual Assistant Though Apple’s virtual assistant Siri is a crowd pleaser, Google’s voice search tool is more accurate and provides better response than Siri.  While Apple is working on making Siri more accurate and smarter, it is still way behind in the race compared to Google. So, with the next-gen Google Assistant, which identifies real-world objects with Google Lens, it is clear that Google has an upper hand over Apple for now. Second Quarter: Uniquely Designed AR Smartphones   The future of Apple depends on AR and VR technology; therefore they are putting in extra time and effort to create unique AR-optimized smartphones and wearables that enable persistent and smooth augmentation of the real world. Though others, including Google, Microsoft and Facebook, are giving Apple a run for its money in the AR world, when it comes to developing impressive smartphones and wearables, Apple is the leader. Virtual Reality Google is all set to dominate the AR and VR world with VR headsets, VR-ready phones and two AR phones, while it is rumored that Apple is ready to launch virtual reality in its upcoming iPhones. Whatever the final outcome, it’s certain that users will get to experience amazing AR- and VR-enabled smartphones and wearables in the future. As of today, Google beats Apple in virtual reality, but with AR iPhones in the future, a tough competition is sure to emerge in the AR and VR world. Augmented Reality Tim Cook considers augmented reality as big an idea as smartphones and according to him, Apple is set to launch AR featured smartphones in the market very soon. After the iPhones, AR glasses are further down the road, which will be backed with the ability to capture objects and provide contextual information based on the real world. As of now, Apple is still working on its AR and VR products, while Google is far ahead and planning to go big with its Google Assistant, Google Lens and Google Home. A multitude of AR and VR gadgets have been introduced in the market. Some of them were big hits, while others weren’t able to keep up with the pace of this evolving technology in order meet users’ expectations. Although the above points put Google at the forefront of AR and VR technology, one never knows what Apple has in store. With multiple future plans, it looks like Apple and Google will surely dominate the market—but to what extent, no one knows. Abhinav “Abs” Girdhar is CEO of Appy Pie. A Cloud-based Mobile Application Development Software, Appy Pie allows anyone with no technical knowledge to create free mobile apps. Lead image: Young man and woman sitting at a table and using virtual reality goggles via Shutterstock +abhinav girdhar Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Apple Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +augmented reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Facebook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google assistant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google lens Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +iphone Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Oculus VR Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +op-ed Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Siri Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Tim Cook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Virtual Reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Innovative Retailers Who Are Reviving NYC's Financial District Matt Vitone Posted May 30, 2017 Cities Automotive Yesterday Nissan Is Turning Car Technology Into Safety Tools For Fishermen Augmented & Virtual Reality Yesterday Can VR Stop Bad City Developments Before They Happen? Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: CES 2016 Guide Advertising Yesterday How Bite-Sized Content Is Changing The Way We Consume Media Cities Yesterday A New Type Of Workplace Is Rising In NYC's Sunset Park Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Palmer Luckey Virtual Reality, Technology, Gaming Consumer Goods may 29, 2017 Connected Product Experts: How Consumer Brands Can Build A Smarter Product Retail Yesterday 'Car Ears' Will Listen To The Engine And Diagnose Specific Problems Media & Publishing Yesterday Airbnb Launches A Print Magazine Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 25, 2017 Why Social VR Probably Won’t Work the Way Social VR Developers Think PSFK Labs may 26, 2017 Download PSFK's New York City Retail Guide Entertainment Yesterday How Bite-Sized Content Is Changing The Way We Consume Media Arts & Culture Yesterday NYCxDesign: Interactive Bench Delivers Light Show When Touched PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Design & Architecture Yesterday Chair Designs Are Inspired By Hong Kong's Varied Skyline Advertising Yesterday NYCxDesign: Baseballs, Burgers And Birdhouses Transformed Into Sensory Design Experiments Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Health Yesterday Microinsurance Offers Health Coverage In Exchange For Phone Credit Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience AI Yesterday Introducing A New Breed of UX Analytics: Here’s Why Traditional UX Falls Short Home Yesterday Equipping Connected Homes With A Smarter Brain Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Education Yesterday Learn Arabic And Help Save A Refugee Through A Single Socially-Minded Platform Sustainability Yesterday Crowd Investment Platform Uses Small Acts To Solve Big World Problems Technology Yesterday All You Need Is Your Face To Ride The Subway Of The Future No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download 7 Purposeful Takeaways From PSFK 2017 Advertising Statistics [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [News] These Mushrooms Can Turn Plastic Waste into Food [Insight] Inside India’s Plans To Leapfrog The Western Model Of Car Ownership [Insight] Retail Automation: Nearly Half of all Retail Jobs Could Be Lost [News] Tesco Introduces Shopping-Filter App For Customers With Diets And Intolerances [News] PepsiCo has experimented with mealworm powder for its snacks and drinks [News] McDonald’s expands delivery to more than 1,000 locations [News] NBCUniversal spent around $230 million to buy the video tutorial site Craftsy [Opinion] Staying in Is the New Going Out [Insight] How Privacy Became a Commodity for the Rich and Powerful [News] Google is using AI in messaging [News] Voice-assisted platform debuts with the ability to let consumers communicate with brands at home [Opinion] Robots Aren’t Destroying Enough Jobs [News] Colleges are starting varsity programs for video games [Insight] Senseless Government Rules Could Cripple the Robo-Car Revolution [News] Nike Names Design Contest Winner To Reinvent Sneakers For All Abilities [Insight] Why Cash Is King No More [News] Jet Links With Story for Fresh Food Concept [News] Gillette one ups Dollar Shave Club with on-demand razor ordering service where you text to order [News] Alipay and WeChat Pay Make Push Into North America [Insight] Staples Revamps Marketing To Focus On Delivery [Insight] Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data [Insight] L’Oréal beauty bot learns your style to make gift giving easier [Insight] BuzzFeed Thinks Marketers Will Find More Success With Psychographics Than Demographics [News] ‘Napercise’ Is The New Workout Of Your Dreams Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Hospitality REIT Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Post $0.53 Earnings Per Share Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Position Cut by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Acquires 1,770 Shares of Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Shares Bought by Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. Ariel Investments LLC Takes Position in Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Alliancebernstein L.P. Buys 255,493 Shares of KT Corp (KT) Alliancebernstein L.P. Increases Stake in CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESES) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.08 Evolution Petroleum Corp (EPM) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.10 Communications Systems, Inc. (JCS) Shares Sold by Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $73.63 Million Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. (EEQ) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Enerplus Corp (ERF) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect D.R. Horton (DHI) Share Price Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) Director Acquires C$13,362.00 in Stock Insider Buying: First Bancorp Inc (FNLC) Director Buys $13,850.00 in Stock John Mark Learmonth Acquires 14,280 Shares of Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc (CAL) Stock Brokerages Anticipate Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Post $0.53 Earnings Per Share May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (NYSE:APLE) to post $0.53 earnings per share for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Apple Hospitality REIT’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.52 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.53. Apple Hospitality REIT reported earnings per share of $0.52 in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.9%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Monday, August 14th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Apple Hospitality REIT will report full year earnings of $1.78 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.77 to $1.78. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $1.82 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.81 to $1.82. Zacks’ earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for Apple Hospitality REIT. Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $292.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $291.05 million. Apple Hospitality REIT had a net margin of 8.78% and a return on equity of 2.98%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.40 earnings per share. APLE has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. FBR & Co set a $20.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Canaccord Genuity lowered shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $22.00 to $21.00 in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.40. Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE APLE) traded down 0.27% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $18.79. The stock had a trading volume of 721,452 shares. Apple Hospitality REIT has a 1-year low of $17.32 and a 1-year high of $20.68. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $18.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.28. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.19 billion, a PE ratio of 26.43 and a beta of 0.67. The business also recently announced a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be given a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.39%. Apple Hospitality REIT’s dividend payout ratio is currently 250.01%. WARNING: “Brokerages Anticipate Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Post $0.53 Earnings Per Share” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/brokerages-anticipate-apple-hospitality-reit-inc-aple-to-post-0-53-earnings-per-share.html. In other Apple Hospitality REIT news, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 2,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $19.33 per share, with a total value of $50,258.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 10,004,632 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $193,389,536.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $18.51 per share, with a total value of $55,530.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 10,015,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $185,395,364.07. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders acquired 22,500 shares of company stock worth $427,964 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 16.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 32,734,825 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $625,236,000 after buying an additional 4,627,374 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 3,420.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 11,994,624 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $229,099,000 after buying an additional 11,653,910 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 2.4% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,426,542 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $103,644,000 after buying an additional 128,765 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 155.9% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,540,891 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $48,531,000 after buying an additional 1,547,960 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 38.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,507,835 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $47,901,000 after buying an additional 690,453 shares in the last quarter. 41.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Apple Hospitality REIT Company Profile Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc is a hospitality real estate investment trust. The Company invests in real estate, primarily in the lodging sector, in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 235 hotels with an aggregate of 30,073 rooms located in urban, suburban and developing markets throughout 33 states. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:32 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology James Corden Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Spinoff Debuts In August By Denisse Moreno On 05/30/17 AT 5:58 PM Close After multiple delays, Apple announced Tuesday “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” will finally premiere Aug. 8 on Apple Music. The show will be Apple’s first original video series, inspired by CBS’ "The Late Late Show with James Corden" segment. Apple reportedly bought rights to the segment last year. Apple had planned to launch the show in April, but then pushed the date back without giving a reason. Read: Apple Original Content: Doc On 'Harry Styles: Behind the Album' The company released a trailer for the series in February that featured celebrities including John Cena, Shaquille O’Neal, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Alicia Keys and John Legend. Apple said Tuesday the show will feature musicians, television, film, sports and pop culture personalities. The celebrities will be “buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music,” Apple said. The show will feature a different set of superstars every Tuesday. “Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more,” Apple said in a post. New episodes will be available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. The show is just another example of Apple’s push for video content. The company recently released its exclusive documentary on former One Direction singer Harry Styles on Apple Music. The movie “Harry Styles: Behind the Album” goes behind the scenes of the singer's first solo album. Last week, Apple Music released the trailer for the documentary about Bad Boy Records, the label founded by Sean Combs. The movie, called "Can't Stop, Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story," is to be released June 25 on Apple Music. Read: iOS 11 Features: Update Will Push Original Video Content With Revamped Music App Apple is expected to release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of this year, including will.i.am’s "Planet of the Apps" and documentaries about hip-hop label Cash Money Records and music impresario Clive Davis. Apple’s new content is an effort to push Apple Music above other rival streaming services, including Spotify, Tidal and Pandora. Apple’s upcoming iOS 11, which is rumored to roll out this September alongside the iPhone 8, iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, will reportedly include an update that better showcases Apple original video content. Apple Music executive Jimmy Iovine said in an interview with Bloomberg last month he is focused on music-related video, including a possible sequel to R. Kelly’s "Trapped in the Closet," a rap opera. Iovine said he has discussed possible ideas with Brian Grazer, the producer of Fox’s "Empire" and "Genius," and with director J.J. Abrams. The Apple executive has also met with Warner Bros. Television about creating a show based on the life of Dr. Dre. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Apple Changes Delivery Dates Of 15-Inch MacBook Pro Before WWDC Rumored Laptop Announcement Apple WWDC 2017 Live stream: How To Watch The Event On Your Smartphone Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Florida Receives First Cases Of Dog Flu H3N2 or dog flu that hit the U.S. in 2015 is back, however, this time it is in Florida. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next… Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential… Apple releases second round of betas for… Apple developing dedicated AI chip Report: Sources suggest Apple has succeeded… Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K Daily Deal: Drive Genius 5 Standard License Daily Deal: Live Home 3D Pro for Mac Daily Deal: ExoMount Universal Smartphone… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 11 hours ago Apple has released a big update to its companion app for the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, scheduled to begin next Monday. WWDC 6.0 features a number of significant improvements, including the ability to use almost all of the features in the app without signing in with an Apple ID. The app now provides curated video playlists based on featured themes, a new “Venue” tab that provides information on the venue, and interactive venue and street maps for the local area. The update also adds an iMessage app that provides some exclusive stickers for WWDC attendees to share. Apple TV support, introduced last year in in version 5.0, also allows users to view and stream both live videos from this year’s event and archived videos from past years’ conferences on the big screen, and the app will preserve playback position across devices, allowing users to begin watching a video on one device, such as an iPad, and then pick up where they left off on another device such as an Apple TV. Push notifications in the app help keep attendees up to date on important information for various events during the conference, and indoor location support will help navigate around the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Attendees can also add their conference pass to Wallet for faster check-in. Comments Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub » Related Stories Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote 1Password adds ‘Travel Mode’ to help protect data during border crossings Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple developing dedicated AI chip Report: Sources suggest Apple has succeeded in creating a screen-integrated Touch ID sensor Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote Wemo to add support for Apple HomeKit Apple creates new Editor-in-Chief position for Apple News Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 update 1Password adds ‘Travel Mode’ to help protect data during border crossings Recent Reviews 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Audio Headphones Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Audio Headphones Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Home Streaming Media News Apple’s first original series ‘Carpool Karaoke’ finally gets a premiere date: August 8 ‘Carpool Karaoke’ was originally scheduled to premiere in April. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 30, 2017 2:43 PM PT Credit: Apple More like this Apple's first original series, Carpool Karaoke, delayed to later this year Apple’s original TV shows are almost ready for prime time Apple Music in iOS 11 could put video front and center Video Is Google Assistant better than Siri? | The iPhone Show Apple’s Carpool Karaoke now has a new premiere date. Apple senior V.P. of Internet Software and Services, Eddy Cue, tweeted that Carpool Karaoke will stream on Apple Music starting Tuesday, August 8. The series is a full-length version of the popular segments on The Late Late Show with James Corden. It was originally scheduled to debut in April but was mysteriously postponed. Apple has not given an explanation as to why the series had to be pushed back. In February, the company released a promo featuring segments with A-list celebs, including Will Smith, Alicia Keys, and Ariana Grande. [ Further reading: The best media streaming devices ] Carpool Karaoke will be Apple’s first original series to stream exclusively on Apple Music. Along with the reality competition series Planet of the Apps, it marks Apple’s star-studded move into original programming intended to make Apple Music somewhat of a hybrid between Spotify and Netflix. Planet of the Apps was originally slated for a spring release date, as well, but it seems that show has also been pushed back. There is no word on when the Shark Tank-meets-The Voice competition will premiere. The story behind the story: Up until now, Apple has relied on bringing big stars to Apple Music in order to remain competitive in streaming media. Shortly after it launched, Apple Music scored exclusives from Taylor Swift and Drake (who have also appeared in ads for the music service). In a similar fashion, Apple’s original programming has been banking on celebrities. Planet of the Apps features Gwyneth Paltrow. The fact that both of these shows were pushed back could signal a shift towards something more ambitious, or at least more original. Earlier this year, Apple reportedly met with former HBO executive Michael Lombardo to re-assess its video strategy. As HBO’s head of programming, Lombardo was responsible for green-lighting Game of Thrones, True Blood, and Silicon Valley. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Streaming Media Streaming Services Entertainment Entertainment Software Cloud & Services Apple Apple Music Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Is this a sign Apple will launch new MacBook Pro laptops at WWDC 2017? Elyse Betters30 May 2017Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Want more proof that Apple might launch new MacBook Pros in June? Well, if you check out Apple's online store, the free shipping times for the 15-inch MacBook Pro are now estimated for between 6 June to 8 June in the US, rather than the usual same-day shipping. Keep in mind Apple's WWDC 2017 keynote is scheduled for 5 June. Apple typically uses its mostly-annual developers conference to announce new software updates to existing products, giving developers a chance to become acquainted with the changes and maybe get their third-party integrations, tie-ins, services, and apps ready. However, this year, Apple may announce hardware updates, according to Bloomberg, which has said we can expect new laptops at WWDC. Apple likely wants to keep its MacBook laptop line fresh for customers, especially due to recent hardware pushes from rivals, such as Microsoft, as well as declining iPad sales. It is reportedly planning three new laptops: the MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip, and the 13-inch MacBook Air will get a new processor.  Apple's Siri speaker: What's the story so far? iPad Pro 10.5-inch could be launched in June following case leak The new MacBook Pro delivery estimates on Apple's site seems to give more weight to Bloomberg's report about Apple planning to launch new MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook models on 5 June at WWDC. However, the 13-inch MacBook Pro models remain in stock for delivery as early as tomorrow. It's not clear whether that's due to more supply, or maybe Apple has no planned updates for that model. The updated MacBook Pro laptops will apparently still look the same; they're only getting different internal architecture. In other words, none of the updates are major changes. The MacBook and MacBook Air are definitely due for an update, though, considering they were last updated in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Check out Pocket-lint's WWDC round-up to see what else Apple may announce at its keynote. Which MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Sections Apple Laptops Via: MacRumors Source: Apple Best laptops 2017: The best laptops you can buy today Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Best Windows 10 laptops: The best available to buy today Computex 2017: All the announcements that matter Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Computex 2017: All the announcements that matter Is this a sign Apple will launch new MacBook Pro laptops at WWDC 2017? ROG Zephyrus preview: Ultra-slim gaming laptop with Nvidia's latest architecture Intel Core i9 X-Series is a hardcore gamer's delight, with 18-core option Nvidia Max-Q could ensure your next monster gaming laptop has MacBook looks Acer Predator Triton 700 preview: A gaming great is born? Asus Zenbook Pro UX550 preview: Next-level machine with a 4K touchscreen Asus Vivo Book Pro S15 preview: The world’s first laptop with Intel Optane Asus Zenbook Flip S preview: Super thin convertible jam packed with top-shelf kit Which Microsoft Surface device is best for you? Surface Pro, Surface Laptop, Surface Book, or Surface Studio? Essential Phone vs Pixel XL vs Pixel: How does the newbie compare? Samsung Galaxy S8 tips and tricks: An expert's guide Volkswagen Golf GTI first drive: The hot hatch that transcends boundaries Volkswagen Golf R-Line first drive: Leader of the pack BlackBerry KeyOne review: BlackBerry's bold return to form Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today 64 ways to get a giggle out of Siri Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot vs Echo Look vs Echo Show: What's the difference? Computex 2017: All the announcements that matter Casio WSD-F20 review: The best Android Wear sports watch for outdoor activities Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Apple Apple Preps for Fast 2017 MacBook Pro Release Date Apple Preps for Fast 2017 MacBook Pro Release Date By Josh Smith Posted on 05/30/2017 The 2017 MacBook Pro release date could arrive as early as next Monday after WWWDC 2017. Apple, Amazon and Best Buy all report limited stock of the 15-inch Macbook Pro with Touch Bar. This is traditionally an indication that a new MacBook is coming out very soon. The most telling timeframe is the Apple Online Store lists delivery of the 15-inch MacBook Pro to June 5-th through June 8th. June 5th is when Apple will take the stage at WWDC 2017 to announce iOS 11, macOS 10.13 and potentially new MacBooks. Apple in-store pickup is limited at many locations with the first date for in-store pickup listed as June 8th. This follows the traditional short delay between a new MacBook announcement and the arrival in stores and leads us to believe the 2017 MacBook Pro release date is June 8th in stores and June 5th online. The 13-inch MacBook Pro is not constrained in any way at this time. The rumors typically focused on the higher end 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017 update where pro users need more power and a newer processor. Apple isn’t the only store with limited supplies. Amazon shows limited stock of some Touch Bar equipped 15-inch Macbooks, with delivery between June 5-7th. Best Buy isn’t as depleted, but if you look at in-store stock you will find that many locations show “Only a few left!” when comparing the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. MacBook Pro stock dwindles as the 2017 MacBook Pro release date nears. Combined with rumors of a quick 2017 MacBook Pro release date, this looks like we should see Apple take the first steps towards catering to professional users with a new Kaby Lake processor in the 15-inch MacBook Pro. It looks like we will not see this spec bump on the 13-inch model. It’s not uncommon for Apple to upgrade one size of a notebook while leaving another alone. Apple already announced a 2017 Mac Pro and promised a new 2018 Mac Pro that will deliver more power to professional users. An upgraded 2017 MacBook Pro with a better processor could help keep professionals interested in the Mac ecosystem longer. It’s unclear if we will see a bump up to 32GB of RAM with this update. Reports also indicate that Apple could announce a 2017 MacBook with a 12-inch screen and a 2017 Macbook Air at this event, but so far stock remains readily available. This doesn’t mean we won’t see these updates as there is definitely a market for the last generation devices after Apple announces a new notebook. Expect a 2017 MacBook Pro with the same design, potentially a new color or two, and mostly under the hood updates. It’s definitely close to the time to wait for a 2017 MacBook Pro before you upgrade. New MacBook Pro: 6 Reasons to Buy, 4 Reasons Not To Buy for a Smaller Design & Touch Bar   1 / 10 One of the biggest reasons to buy the 2016 MacBook Pro is the new design. The new MacBook Pro is thinner, lighter and smaller than the one it replaces.  Apple shaves half a pound of each of the models, shrinks the overall; size by 20 to 23% and makes them thinner without cutting battery life, performance or the screen size.  The new models include a Touch Bar above the display on the $1,799 and up models. This allows you to touch the small display to control applications and system functions.  When you use Apple applications and soon other applications, the Touch Bar will change so you can use it to quickly access what you want. We know you can use it for Emoji, for app functions, for quick replies and much more.  In addition to the Touch Bar, you also get a new Force Touch trackpad that is twice as big as the trackpad on the 2015 MacBook Pro.    1 / 10 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Apple 10 Things to Do Before the iOS 11 Beta Release Unless Apple drastically changes how it releases its iOS updates, we should see an iOS 11 … 05/30/2017 18 min read iOS 10.3.3 Release & Time: 5 Things to Expect & 4 Not To An iOS 10.3.3 release for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is confirmed but many of the key rel… 05/30/2017 5 min read 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 10 Reasons You Should The iOS 10.3.2 update is a small upgrade but it brings some important changes to the iPhon… 05/30/2017 5 min read Load More In Apple Click To Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Menu Deadline TV ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Gets Premiere Date After&nbs… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News Scott Pelley Out As 'CBS Evening News' Anchor Top Stories TV ‘Underground’ Canceled As WGN America Exits Scripted by by Denise Petski Box Office ‘Wonder Woman’ Eyes $175M Global Opening This Week by by Denise Petski TV NBC’s Fall Sked About-Face: ‘This Is Us’ Stays On Tuesday by by Denise Petski Film Sarah Jones Family Vs. CSX Civil Case Gets GA Court Date by by Denise Petski TV ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Gets Premiere Date After Delay by Denise Petski May 30, 2017 2:24pm 0 TV Breaking News Premiere Dates Apple Music Carpool Karaoke: The Series CBS Television Studios James Corden CBS Apple Music has announced a premiere date for Carpool Karaoke: The Series. The portal’s first original series, based on James Corden’s popular Late Late Show segment, will premiere August 8, four months after it initially was expected to launch. Related James Corden Addresses Attack At Ariana Grande Concert In Manchester Apple’s SVP of internet software and services, Eddy Cue, announced the date in a Tweet Tuesday. Excited to roll out #CarpoolKaraoke: The Series on @AppleMusic — Coming August 8! — Eddy Cue (@cue) May 30, 2017 Carpool Karaoke: The Series features 16 celebrity hosts riding in a car together belting out their favorite tunes. Will Smith, Shaquille O’Neal, Seth MacFarlane, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, John Cena are among the celebrities also scheduled to appear in the series. Corden appears in at least two episodes, alongside Will Smith and LeBron James. It will be available to subscribers of Apple Music, Apple’s music subscription service regularly priced at $9.99 per month. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is co-produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. Corden and Ben Winston serve as co-creators and executive producers along with executive producer and showrunner Eric Pankowski. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 Donald Trump Gives The World "Covfefe"; Twitter Approves 2 'Wonder Woman': All The World Is Waiting For You As Warner Bros./DC Pic Eyes $175M+ Global Opening 3 How Much Profit Will 'Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men' Tell? 4 'Michael Jackson: Searching for Neverland' Draws 2 Million Viewers In Live+SD 5 Scott Pelley Out As 'CBS Evening News' Anchor 6 'America's Got Talent' Producer Sued After Tyra Banks "Physically Manipulated" Young Girl 7 Kathy Griffin Apologizes For "Decapitated" Donald Trump Photo: "I Went Too Far" 8 'The Americans' EPs On Tonight's Finale, The Series' "Resolution" & Why No Trump 9 'Wonder Woman' Still Scheduled To Play In Lebanon As Local Group Urges Boycott Of Gal Gadot Pic 10 'This Is Us' Will Stay On Tuesday As NBC Reverses Big Move, Tweaks Fall Schedule Latest TV News Donald Trump Gives The World “Covfefe”; Twitter Approves ‘The Americans’ EPs On Tonight’s Finale, The Series’ “Resolution” & Why No Trump Scott Pelley Out As ‘CBS Evening News’ Anchor Vanessa Hudgens Formally Announced As ‘So You Think You Can Dance’ As Judge For Season 14 Kathy Griffin Apologizes For “Decapitated” Donald Trump Photo: “I Went Too Far” Minnie Driver, Kaitlin Olson & Will Forte On How “Laughter Will Make You Feel Included” – The Contenders… More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Scott Pelley to Leave as Anchor of 'CBS Evening News' Scott Pelley Out at CBS Evening News 'World of Dance' Season 1: Judges & Dancers Darren Criss Shows Off His Jaw-Dropping 'V Line' In New Naked… Thieves ram sex toy warehouse doors, steal 30,000 condoms About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 1 Apple today updated its WWDC app for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch with curated video playlist, interactive venue and street maps and other content ahead of the June 5 keynote. “We’ve made several app updates to improve your experience in 2017, whether you’re attending or following along remotely,” reads the changelog accompanying the download. Bumped to version 6.0, the app lets you watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes, as well as view interactive venue and street maps of San Jose McEnery Convention Center and access other important venue information through the new Venue tab. Unlike before, you can now use all app features without signing in. Lastly, Apple has given the app an Apple Music-like facelift with bold headings, larger images and simplified navigation, as evidenced by the screenshots. The WWDC app supports all form-factor iOS devices natively and includes a sticker pack for iMessage and an Apple Watch component. You can download it free on App Store. The keynote will be live-streamed through the Apple Developer website and on the WWDC app. The Cupertino giant could unveil its own Siri speaker at WWDC and potentially unveil hardware updates to the iPad Pro lineup and a next-generation Apple TV with 4K video support. Check out our WWDC 2017-themed wallpapers for your Apple hardware. Even if you plan on watching the keynote, be sure to join us here at iDownloadBlog that Monday as we’ll be covering all things WWDC throughout the entire week. Tagged: App Store Apps App Updates Apple Apps iPad iPhone iPod Touch News WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB Get ready for WWDC 2016 with official Apple TV app You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations igobythisname hmm…. so this isn’t going to be the first KEYNOTE at the spaceship? bummer! 🙁 Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 3 “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” Apple’s first original show based on the popular segment on “The Late Late Show” with James Corden, will premiere August 8 on Apple Music. The news was revealed in today’s tweet by Eddy Cue, Apple’s chief of Internet Software and Services. The show was originally supposed to air on Apple Music beginning April 2017, but the iPhone maker was forced to postpone its arrival due to tight production schedule. All sixteen episodes will debut on Tuesdays, available only to Apple Music members. Featuring a different host every episode, Apple’s version of “Carpool Karaoke” replaces the show’s regular host James Corden with actors, comedians, athletes and other celebrities, who will be seen riding along in a car together as they’re singing different tunes. Some of the confirmed celebrities that will appear on the show include Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena and Shaquille O’Neal. “Planet of the Apps,” Apple’s show about apps and their creators, is coming this year. Apple wrapped up filming of that one back in February 2017, but it’s unclear when exactly the company might release it on Apple Music. Tagged: Apple Apple Music Entertainment Music News TV shows MORE FROM iDB iOS 11 to bring new video features to Apple Music, 10 original series planned this year Apple’s Carpool Karaoke spinoff is coming in April, watch the second clip now Watch Apple’s star-laden trailer for Apple Music’s upcoming Carpool Karaoke show GUY Carpool karaoke is not original, it’s been done for a while on TV by James , what Apple is doing is just a remake/reboot hence not original. askep3 When original is used like this it means it was being produced by Apple, not licensed from someone else Alex Wilson Yawn. Let’s see some more Apple “courage” instead. Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple announces Carpool Karaoke spin-off debuting August 8 on Apple Music Chance Miller - May. 30th 2017 1:24 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Music Carpool Karaoke View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit After originally aiming to debut the new series in April, Apple quietly delayed its Carpool Karaoke show until “later this year” without reason. Now, Apple exec Eddy Cue has taken to Twitter to confirm that the show will launch on Apple Music on August 8th, while Apple has also issued a press release… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” is a spin-off of James Corden’s popular segment on ‘The Late Late Show’ on CBS. Apple originally acquired rights to the show last July and has gradually been teasing it since then. In the press release today, Apple says that each episode will consist of a different group of celebrities, such as John Cena and Shaquille O’Neal taking a ride “filled with comedy, conversation, and music.” Apple today announced Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting Tuesday, August 8. The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music. Apple still hasn’t given reason for the delay and a four-month postponement will only further lend credibility to reports that the company’s plans for original content are scattered at best. Nevertheless, we now have a hard date for the release. Apple’s spin-off will feature 16 half-hour episodes with rotating celebrity guests and hosts. While Corden will be an executive producer for Apple’s version, he won’t appear in every episode. So far, it has been revealed that celebrities such as Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena, and Shaquille O’Neal. Check out the trailer for Carpool Karaoke below and let us know what you think of it down in the comments. Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Apple today announced Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting Tuesday, August 8. The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, Carpool Karaoke: The Series is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers, along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. The popular Carpool Karaoke will continue to be a recurring segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which is broadcast Monday through Friday on the CBS Television Network. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide Carpool Karaoke View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS New Trump attack on Germany widens transatlantic rift Europe What's martial law like in Duterte's Davao? Features Rebisco-PSL Manila falls to Vietnam, finishes 8th in Asian Club Championships Volleyball No to joint session on martial law? But Zubiri, Gordon voted yes in 2009 Philippines Polda Metro: Rizieq Shihab masuk DPO Berita Andanar abolishes PCOO StratComm office Philippines NBA Finals: By the numbers between the Cavaliers, Warriors NBA Suarez-led House minority supports martial law in Mindanao Philippines Manila police nab 3 suspects in Quiapo blast Philippines Duterte creates 'peace corridors' with MILF for Marawi residents Philippines View more stories Tech News Reveal rundown: 5 Asus laptops launched at Computex 2017 Here are the specs, photos, prices and availability of the Taiwanese firm's 2017 laptop lineup Edd K. Usman Published 12:32 PM, May 30, 2017 Updated 12:59 PM, May 30, 2017 TAIPEI, Taiwan – Taiwanese firm Asus unveiled on Monday, May 29, their 2017 lineup of laptops, including what Asus chairman Jonney Shih described as "the world's thinnest convertible" and "the world's most prestigious laptop." Shih was referring to the ZenBook Flip S (UX30), a 2-in-1 convertible laptop and the ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490), respectively. Asus dubbed its product presentation "The Edge of Beyond" held at the HNBK International Convention Center at Computex 2017, which runs until June 3, Saturday. Also part of the company's revelations are the ZenBook Pro (UX550), which Shih described as "super powerful with compact design"; the VivoBook S15, trumpeted as a unit with a "thinner and lighter design"; and the VivoBook Pro 15, with its "unprecedented performance." The Asus chairman beamed pridefully as he called their new products as representative of "the new age of innovation." Shih took aim at Apple's MacBook Air, declaring that the ZenBook Flip S is thinner and lighter than the Apple product. On the software side, Shih boasted of the new products' support for new Windows 10 features, among them Windows Link, Windows Hello, Cortana and Modern Standby. "Today is all about our relentless effort in striving toward perfection. Our brand new ZenBook and VivoBook lineup truly goes to the edge of beyond, providing everyone with a new definition of thin, beautiful and powerful laptops," Shih said. Asus also highlighted its long partnership with Intel, calling onto the stage, Gregory Bryant, corporate vice president and general manager of Intel's client computing group. "Asus has been at the forefront of delivering new technology and experiences for many years. Its stunning lineup of new ZenBook and VivoBook PCs, all powered by 7th-generation Intel Core processors, give people a choice of thin-and-light PCs that merge high performance with style," said Bryant. Below are photos and specs of the 5 laptops unveiled. 1) Asus ZenBook Flip S (UX370) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler The Asus ZenBook Flip S – among the winners of a Computex 2017 d&i award – is the world’s thinnest convertible laptop, the company claims. The convertible is 10.9-mm thing and weighs 1.1 kilograms, making it among the lightest in the laptop market today. It features a 360°-flippable display, designed with an "ErgoLift" hinge that lifts and tilts the keyboard to an angled typing position when the display is opened beyond 135°. The Flip S features Windows 10 S and has a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7500U processor, a 1TB PCIe SSD, a new cooling system, a 13.3-inch 4K touchscreen that supports an active stylus such as the Asus Pen, slim bezels called "NanoEdge," and a compact fingerprint sensor. Price starts at $1,099, and is expected to start arriving in September 2017. 2) Asus ZenBook Pro (UX550) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler Asus ZenBook Pro is designed with power in mind. It won the "Computing and System" category at the Computex 2017 Best Choice Awards. Last year, Asus also won the category with its Zenbook 3 laptops. This year's Pro is the thinnest and lightest ever for the line while still packing powerful specs: up to a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ chip for notebooks, an NVIDIA GeForce GTX1050 Ti graphics, a 1TB PCIe x4 SSD, and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. Asus claims it has a 14-hour battery life. It is equipped with a 15.6-inch 4K touchscreen display with NanoEdge bezels, and a quad-speaker setup that utilizes Harman Kardon surround-sound audio. ZenBook Pro launches with either Windows 10 Pro or Home. The Pro has an all-aluminum unibody that’s 18.9mm thin and 1.8 kg light. It's among the most portable in the high-spec'd class of laptops. It is expected to start arriving in July in some markets with a starting price of $1,299. 3) Asus ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler The Asus ZenBook 3 Deluxe is also one of the winners of a Computex 2017 d&i award. It's 12.9mm-thin and weighs 1.1 kg. It has the chassis of a 13-incher but packs a 14-inch display, also with NanoEdge bezels. Asus says it's the world’s thinnest 14-inch laptop. The ZenBook 3 Deluxe is among the most powerful in the popular Zenbook 3 line. It will be offered with an Intel Core i7-7500U processor, up to 16GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 RAM, and a 1TB PCI-Express SSD. It has two USB Type-C ports that are Thunderbolt 3-enabled. Thunderbolt 3 allows for fast 40Gbps data transfers, and the ability to connect to dual 4K UHD external displays. ZenBook 3 Deluxe comes with Windows 10 Pro or Home, with prices starting at $1,199. No word on expected availability yet. 4) ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 (N580) Photo provided by Asus The ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 is a 15.6-inch Windows 10 laptop powered by a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ quad-core processor, up to 16GB DDR4 RAM, and an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics. VivoBook Pro 15 features hybrid storage, offered with up to a 2TB HDD and a 512GB SSD. It has a 4K display and a 100% sRGB color gamut – a useful feature for designers, artists. It features Harman Kardon-certified audio, including a set of twin speakers, that Asus says makes for louder sound. It also has a fingerprint sensor for one-touch login via Windows Hello, and support for ASUS Pen. Prices start at $799. No word on availability yet. 5) ASUS VivoBook S15 (S510) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler This 15.6-inch Windows 10 laptop is 17.9mm thin and weighs 1.5 kg. It also has the aforementioned NanoEdge bezels. It's also powered by a 7th-generation Intel Core chip – up to a i7-7500U processor. Rounding up its specs are 16GB of DDR4 memory and NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics. Prices start at $499; starts arriving in mid-June in the Philippines. – Rappler.com Filed under:Asus laptops 2017•Asus laptops Computex 2017•Asus laptops availability•Asus laptops price•Asus launch Computex 2017•Computex 2017•Vivobook•Zenbook•Asus HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE The 'iPhone 8' Looks Beautiful Next to the Galaxy S8 [Images] Halide is a New Premium Camera App for iPhone Amazon Introduces First 4K TV With Built-In Fire TV and Alexa [Video] This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Andy Rubin Unveils 'Essential Phone' With Near Edge-to-Edge Display Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] Pixelmator Teases the 'Biggest Thing We've Ever Done' [Image] New Apple Park Drone Video Offers Closer Look at Steve Jobs Theater Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.3 Beta 2 to Developers Apple's Carpool Karaoke Debuts August 8th WWDC App Updated With Curated Video Playlists, Interactive Maps, More Klocki is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Offers Podcasters Use of On-Site Studio at WWDC Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park Apple Seeds watchOS 3.2.3 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds tvOS 10.2.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] Apple's Carpool Karaoke Debuts August 8th LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 10 hours ago by iClarified · 1278 views · Translate Apple has announced that its Carpool Karaoke show will debut Tuesday, August 8th on Apple Music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. The show is based on the Carpool Karaoke segment from the The Late Late Show with James Corden. The Series is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers, along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. You can watch the trailer here. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Tips macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Podcasts TMO Background Mode Encore Interview with Science Communicator Dr. Kiki Sanford Courts and Divulging Passcodes, Essential Home - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-30 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Apple Maps Adds 3D View for Apple Park Campus Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Under a minute read May 30th, 2017 3:47 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Apple Maps is making it easier to pretend like you’re flying your own drone over Apple Park because now it offers a 3D view of the campus. Just search for “Apple Park” in Maps and do a two-finger swipe up to switch to 3D view. Now you can swipe and twist around to see the structures and landmarks, including the giant ring-shaped main building. It’s not quite the same as actually going there, but it’s still cool to see the campus from the perspective you want. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: 3D, Apple Park, Maps You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh GOP, Businesses Want to Spam Your Voicemail Without Calling Your Phone Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail 4 Comments Add a comment Andrew_Holleron May 30, 2017 It doesn’t appear that the Maps app for Mac OS has been updated yet. May 30, 2017 at 6:40 EDT PM Hagen May 30, 2017 Maps offers up the same info to both Mac OS and iOS, so you should get the same view across all of your devices. If it’s still flat, try zooming in a bit more. Unfortunately, the update is for the drawn “map” and “transit” views only. The satellite view is still working with mid-construction photos from around June 2016. I presume they’re waiting for the final completion before photographing it again. Also interesting to note that the new buildings across the street at the Cupertino Village shopping center haven’t been added. So I guess there’s still some work to do. May 30, 2017 at 7:43 EDT PM furbies May 30, 2017 In El Capitan & Maps it doesn’t 🙁 May 30, 2017 at 9:30 EDT PM furbies May 30, 2017 Nor in iOS 10.3.2 ;-( Maybe you have to be located in the Good Old US Of A ? May 30, 2017 at 9:32 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.67 +0.06 (0.04%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 Brings New Wallpapers to iPad Pro MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Recent Tips See All » macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17994 Jeff Gamet cool-stuff-found 4 1496159224 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search WTF is going on... There's a new iPad launching (but it's not what you think it is...) By Cella Lao Rousseau Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 12:13 pm EDT 3 Comments WTF is copyright? North Korean company Ryonghung is launching their own version of the iPad called (you guessed it) the iPad. If you've heard rumors of a new iPad launching, I guess you're not technically mistaken. Yes, there is a new iPad coming out, but no, it will not be from Apple. If at this point you're scratching your head and wondering WTF I'm talking about, I'll just refer you to the image below: Okay seriously, what the hell is going on? Apple Insider: A North Korean firm, Ryonghung, has reportedly launched a tablet called the "iPad," seemingly exploiting international trademarks in the knowledge that Apple is unlikely to come knocking. … Wait, this is for real? Yup. How does it work? This low-powered machine comes with a quad-core, 1.2GHz processor, 1GB of RAM, and a measly 8GB of storage. The product claims to have over 40 apps available (including a farming app called Good Doctor 3.0…), though some may have to be loaded via SD card. You can also apparently connect to the internet, though North Korean users will obviously have extremely limited access to the online world. So is this copyright infringement? GIZMODO: Frankly, you've got to give the North Koreans credit for having the gall to rip off the world's richest company, seemingly while giving zero shits. But North Korea has actually made a habit out of stealing Apple's ideas, although this appears to be the first time one of the country's tech companies has straight up lifted a trademarked name… So is Apple going to send its army of lawyers to Pyongyang to defend its trademark? Who knows. Wait, what else has North Korea ripped off from Apple? Well there's Red Star 3.0 which is a blatant OS X ripoff, and then there's their desktop computers and other devices that are essentially iMac knockoffs. Can I buy one of these North Koren iPads anywhere? It's not 100% clear how you'll be able to get your hands on this knockoff version of the iPad, but there will probably be a few that find their way online and into the hands of others eventually. What do you think of Ryonghung's iPad? Is this the funniest thing you've seen in awhile, or do you think this is a blatant breach of copyright and should be taken more seriously? Are you pumped to play Good Doctor 3.0? Let us know what you think in the comments below! Reader comments There's a new iPad launching (but it's not what you think it is...) 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating agarwal.apar Apple can't do a thing about this because North Korea has nuclear missiles!! #justajoke 0 14 hours ago Reply cc3d This thing is not even close to as good as an iPad [GUNSHOT]! This is 10 times better than Apple's iPad. 0 14 hours ago Reply Hectorius North Korea better thread lightly......you don't want to make Rene upset.....lol #justajoke 0 5 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Apple’s Carpool Karaoke series will debut August 8th New, 3 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes May 30, 2017, 4:22pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple has announced the release date for its first — and so far biggest — original series. Carpool Karaoke will debut August 8th on Apple Music, iTunes leader Eddy Cue tweeted out this afternoon. New episodes will debut on Tuesdays and will only be available to Apple Music subscribers. The Apple Music incarnation of Carpool Karaoke will replace regular host James Corden with a series of guest stars, including actors, comedians, and athletes, giving the show an excuse to get even more famous names in the mix. There are going to be 16 episodes, and stars include Will Smith, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, and Metallica, among many others. Corden will make an appearance, too. Carpool Karaoke was supposed to launch in April but was delayed at the last minute for undisclosed reasons. It’s still not clear what happened; nor is it entirely clear yet what Apple’s broader plans are for original content. Rather than go after Netflix, so far Apple seems more interested in augmenting Apple Music with related content to help it stand out from Spotify. Carpool Karaoke is a natural fit, but we’re about to find out whether its viral appeal holds up when stretched out to TV-show length and locked inside a single service. Next Up In Tech The Essential Phone: a first look at the hardware Andy Rubin says Essential’s Ambient OS will be open source, just like Android The first Essential Phones will begin shipping in June The Essential phone will have its own smart assistant Steve Ballmer says he won’t inject politics into his government data project US successfully destroys an incoming missile in test of defense system Now Trending The Essential Phone: a first look at the hardware It’s a little blocky, but the screen makes sense Exclusive: this is the Essential Phone Another stab at making phones modular Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Andy Rubin says Essential’s Ambient OS will be open source, just like Android by Nick Statt and Rich McCormick 3 comments / new The first Essential Phones will begin shipping in June by Nick Statt 16 comments / new The Essential phone will have its own smart assistant by Nilay Patel 2 comments / new Steve Ballmer says he won’t inject politics into his government data project by Lauren Goode 4 comments / new US successfully destroys an incoming missile in test of defense system by Rachel Becker 5 comments / new Supreme Court says companies can’t use patent law to sue resellers by Adi Robertson 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple Music Sets ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Series Premiere Date After Delay Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Apple May 30, 2017 | 01:24PM PT Apple plans to premiere “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” an original series based on the viral sketch bit from CBS’s “The Late Late Show with James Corden,” on Aug. 8 — four months after the tech giant previously expected. Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior VP of internet software and services, announced the date in a tweet Tuesday. The series will be available to subscribers of Apple Music, the tech giant’s music subscription service regularly priced at $9.99 per month. “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73, will feature a unique pairing of celebrities in each episode, such as John Legend with Alicia Keys and Billy Eichner with Metallica. Corden appears in at least two episodes, alongside Will Smith and LeBron James. The trailer for the show shows Corden and Smith in a helicopter for a singalong to R. Kelly’s “I Believe I Can Fly.” Apple Music will debut a new installment of the 16-episode series each Tuesday. Other celebrity pairings will include Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Shaquille O’Neal and WWE star John Cena; “Game of Thrones” stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; and John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers of “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. “Carpool Karaoke” will continue to be a recurring segment on “The Late Late Show” on CBS. Other original productions set to land on Apple Music include “Planet of the Apps,” a reality-competition series designed to highlight Apple’s App Store business that is being produced by Propagate’s Ben Silverman and Howard Owens. Apple hasn’t yet announced a premiere date for “Planet of the Apps.” Will.i.am, Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow and tech investor Gary Vaynerchuk serve as executive producers and mentors on the show, in which aspiring app developers vie for a chance to win venture-capital funding. Watch the trailer for “Carpool Karaoke: The Series”: Pictured above: John Legend and Alicia Keys Filed Under: Apple Apple Music Carpool Karaoke Carpool Karaoke: The Series Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Film Film Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ TV Kathy Griffin Says Trump Beheading Photo ‘Went Too Far’ TV NBC Moves ‘This Is Us’ Back to Tuesday Nights Film Pierce Brosnan Pens Tribute to Roger Moore Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Bird says: May 30, 2017 at 2:46 pm John Legend is such a little idiot. Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content SPY Guide: The 5 Best Pieces from Dwayne Johnson's "Project… Donald Trump Gives The World "Covfefe"; Twitter Approves 5 Tips to Starting Your Own Business Scott Pelley Out at CBS Evening News 'The Americans' Finale Review: A Solid Theory and A Crazy Choice… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Feature Request: Multiple timers with labels, Continuity, and Mac support Zac Hall - May. 30th 2017 12:25 pm PT @apollozac Feature Request View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s timer feature on iOS and watchOS is convenient for single uses especially when set using Siri. There are a few basic limitations, however, that could be addressed to make timers much more useful. Support for setting multiple timers, adding labels to identify timers, Continuity between devices, and support for the Mac are all low hanging fruit for timers. Sony A6500 I use timers the most when preparing a meal in the kitchen. Setting a timer with my voice by saying ‘Hey Siri, set a 60 minute timer’ to my Apple Watch or iPhone is really convenient and hands-free. My microwave and stove both have timers, too, but I prefer having the timer go off on my wrist if I step out of the kitchen and not having to fiddle with the fiddly appliances interface. It’s common to need to set multiple timers for different foods when preparing a meal, however, and this is where Apple’s timers hit a limit. One timer per device. I usually have my iPhone and Apple Watch in the kitchen so that’s two timers plus the two timers on the appliances makes four, but ideally each timer could be running on the same device. The stove and microwave are basic appliances and more limited than a dedicated computer, but managing multiple timers seems like the sort of thing that an iPhone or Apple Watch could handle. The best way to manage multiple timers is probably with a text label. For example, you could have your 60 minute lasagna timer then add a 15 minute mixed vegetables timer along with a 5 minute bread timer. Glance at the timer to visually identify progress on each session at the same time, or say ‘Hey Siri, check lasagna timer’ to use voice to check specific progress hands-free. Timer labels could even be useful for individual sessions. If you’ve ever had a timer go off and forget exactly what you were timing, labels could provide more context. If you do use multiple devices like iPhone and iPad, timers could ideally alert you on nearby devices using the same iCloud account as a Continuity feature. If you set a timer on your iPhone, it could go off on your iPad as well. Proximity could prevent the iPad from alerting if it’s not nearby and instead back at the office too. Timers set on iPhone already enjoy this benefit on Apple Watch since the Apple Watch requires the iPhone to work. This means you can set a timer on your iPhone and a timer on your Apple Watch and be alerted to both on your Apple Watch for now. In the future, however, Apple Watch will ideally be more independent from iPhone at which point the Continuity feature would be necessary. Finally, the Mac needs timer support. This is a glaring omission now that macOS includes Siri. Ask Siri to set a 5 minute timer and it will openly acknowledge that it can’t and recommend creating a reminder for 5 minutes from now instead. Reminders are cross-device and support labels and multiple sessions, but you can’t check time remaining from Reminders and they’re more cumbersome than straightforward timers. I suppose Apple could intentionally keep timers off the Mac and only on iOS and watchOS as a solution for mobile contexts, but I can imagine scenarios that don’t involve preparing a meal where I might want a countdown timer on my Mac. At the very least, it would make Siri on the Mac a little more useful. Perhaps we could see some or all of these changes next week at WWDC as part of iOS 11, watchOS 4, and macOS 10.13. Enhancing timers with more features would certainly be a useful trick for the rumored ‘Siri Speaker’ Amazon Echo competitor. Top image via Cookie Monster iPhone 6s ad Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Feature Request View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About News Image Source: Sessions/Future/REX/Shutterstock Woz thinks the next big innovation will come from Tesla, not Apple Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 30th, 2017 at 1:47 PM Share Tweet Over the past few decades, Apple has been at the forefront of a number of technological revolutions. From the Apple II and the original Mac to the iPod and the iPhone, there’s no denying that Apple’s long history of innovative products have fundamentally changed the way the world uses and interacts with technology. As a result of Apple’s illustrious track-record, the expectation for Apple to deliver the next big thing tends to be greater than it is for any other company on the planet. Indeed, calls for Apple to magically release a product capable of eclipsing the iPhone have been persistent for years now. Interestingly enough, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that Apple’s time as an innovative company may be coming to an end. As Woz explains it, this isn’t to say that Apple won’t continue to deliver exciting new products, but rather that the next great leap forward in the tech space will likely emanate from a completely different company: Tesla. Don't Miss: Google Search just got a lot more personal During a recent interview with Bloomberg, Woz said that Tesla CEO Elon Musk will be at the vanguard of the next tech revolution. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” Woz explained. “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Woz also intimated that Apple, not to mention other tech giants like Google and Microsoft, may simply be too big for its own good. “Look at the companies like Google and Facebook and Apple and Microsoft that changed the world, and Tesla included,” Woz added. “They usually came from young people. They didn’t spring out of big businesses.” It’s an interesting point, but Apple — more so than the companies referenced above — has shown a penchant for changing the world even as an established “big business.” Indeed, the iPhone release came hot on the heels of the iPod. Nonetheless, it’s important to remember that innovation is not necessarily a zero sum game, which is to say that there’s enough room for the tech world to enjoy innovative new products and services from more than just one company. Woz’s full interview can be viewed below: Tags: Apple, Steve Wozniak, Tesla View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon By Maren Estrada 1 day ago Your Galaxy S8+ will last more than 2 days per charge with this $30 battery case By Maren Estrada 1 day ago NASA’s insane plan to ‘touch the sun’ is actually happening By Mike Wehner 16 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Margin Get email alerts Apple’s latest ad uses scare tactics to lure customers away from the competition By Shawn Langlois Published: May 30, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Share Apple launched the ‘Life is easier on iPhone’ campaign earlier this month with similar ads focusing on music, privacy and photos YouTube/Apple By ShawnLanglois Social-media editor IPhone or else! That’s the message from Apple AAPL, +0.04%  in its latest “Why Switch” ad, which taps into the public’s fear of getting hacked. The video clearly resonates, considering its rise to the top of YouTube’s trending list overnight. Here’s the catchy 15-second spot. Apple launched the “Life is easier on iPhone” campaign earlier this month with similar ads focusing on music, privacy and photos. The company also updated its apple.com/switch page to urge Android users to jump ship, something that has become a focus for Apple amid some disappointing sales results for the iPhone. In another ad from the latest batch, Apple boasts of better performance: Apple also makes the case for how easy it is to make the switch. Convinced? Apple is sure hoping these ads do the trick, seeing as the number of people moving over from rival mobile operating systems is expected to slow down in the coming year, according to a recent survey by Morgan Stanley. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break loose’ in the stock market Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Shawn Langlois Shawn Langlois is an editor and writer for MarketWatch in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @slangwise. MarketWatch Partner Center Shawn Langlois Shawn Langlois is an editor and writer for MarketWatch in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @slangwise. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Margin Get email alerts Apple’s latest ad uses scare tactics to lure customers away from the competition By Shawn Langlois Published: May 30, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Share Apple launched the ‘Life is easier on iPhone’ campaign earlier this month with similar ads focusing on music, privacy and photos YouTube/Apple By ShawnLanglois Social-media editor IPhone or else! That’s the message from Apple AAPL, +0.04%  in its latest “Why Switch” ad, which taps into the public’s fear of getting hacked. The video clearly resonates, considering its rise to the top of YouTube’s trending list overnight. Here’s the catchy 15-second spot. Apple launched the “Life is easier on iPhone” campaign earlier this month with similar ads focusing on music, privacy and photos. The company also updated its apple.com/switch page to urge Android users to jump ship, something that has become a focus for Apple amid some disappointing sales results for the iPhone. In another ad from the latest batch, Apple boasts of better performance: Apple also makes the case for how easy it is to make the switch. Convinced? Apple is sure hoping these ads do the trick, seeing as the number of people moving over from rival mobile operating systems is expected to slow down in the coming year, according to a recent survey by Morgan Stanley. More from MarketWatch More Coverage ‘Euro-dollar parity is dead,’ say analysts This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Shawn Langlois Shawn Langlois is an editor and writer for MarketWatch in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @slangwise. MarketWatch Partner Center Shawn Langlois Shawn Langlois is an editor and writer for MarketWatch in Los Angeles. Follow him on Twitter @slangwise. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple commemorates JFK’s centennial year with educational resources & more Michael Potuck - May. 30th 2017 11:44 am PT @michaelpotuck Education View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has launched a featured page on its website this week to commemorate and celebrate JFK’s centennial year. The new webpage features JFK history on a variety of topics and values, along with an app and resources for teachers to help students explore and learn more. AirPods Here’s how Apple describes the influence JFK has had on the company and its commemoration: At Apple, we share the same vision of leadership through service, courage, innovation, and inclusion that guided John F. Kennedy’s presidency. Together with the JFK Library, we’ve curated a collection of learning materials and activities to help commemorate his centennial year and inspire the next generation of leaders. Apple shares how JFK exemplified service, courage, innovation, and inclusion and then gives educational project ideas for each. For example, students can listen to JFK’s 1962 speech to Congress about innovation and then are encouraged to use GarageBand to record their own message to Congress about innovation needs. Other notable JFK moments that Apple highlights include his 1961 inaugural address as well as his 1963 National Address on Civil Rights. While it’s common for Apple to use its homepage to commemorate influential figures and specific holidays like Martin Luther King Jr. Day, this new page celebrating JFK falls under the company’s education microsite. Apple has been increasing its education efforts across the company this year with its Today at Apple initiative in its retail stores, a new Swift development app curriculum, partnerships with third-parties, a new version of its Classroom iPad app, and an education bundle of its pro apps. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news and reviews! Michael Potuck @michaelpotuck Michael is an editor for 9to5Mac and 9to5Google. You’ll find his articles most often on 9to5Mac where he writes the weekly ‘Become Tech Savvy’ series and also covers news, reviews, and how- to’s. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro Timbuk2 Messenger Bag Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse Guides Education View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Authorities: Public's help sought in search for suspect who shot man in Apple Valley Target parking lot Tuesday May 30, 2017 at 11:37 AM May 30, 2017 at 11:37 AM By Staff Reports APPLE VALLEY — Authorities are asking for the public's help in locating a 41-year-old man who they say shot a man in the head in a public parking lot Monday evening. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department are on the lookout for Dearld Edward Wicker, of Apple Valley, for possession of a deadly weapon and shooting a man in the parking lot of the Super Target in Apple Valley. Just before 5 p.m., deputies from the Apple Valley Sheriff's Station received reports of a shooting at the Super Target at 20288 State Highway 18 in Apple Valley. According to authorities, Wicker was involved in an argument with several people in the parking lot when he produced a small-caliber handgun and fired several shots at the victim, striking him in the head once. Wicker then fled the location in a black Ford Bronco, authorities said. The victim sustained injuries to the back of his head and was airlifted to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment. The injuries are not believed to be life-threatening, according to authorities. Investigators are asking for the public’s help in locating additional witnesses and information regarding the whereabouts of Wicker. Anyone with information pertaining to this case is urged to contact Detective McCurdy at 760-240-7000. Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7436 or visit www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology WWDC 2017: iOS 11 best features and release date, plus everything we know about Apple's new software How the iPhone 8, which will run iOS 11, could look Telegraph Reporters 30 May 2017 • 6:16pm A decade on from the launch of the first iPhone, Apple is set to reveal the latest iteration of its iPhone and iPad operating system, iOS 11. At the California company's World Wide Developer's Conference (WWDC), Apple is expected to confirm the new operating system, as well as a host of other updates such as a rumoured 10.3-inch iPad Pro, a Siri-powered speaker and reboots for the Macbook range. The keynote speech will take place on Monday 5 June in San Jose, and the address is expected to include the announcement of iOS 11. The upcoming iPhone 8 is thought to be undergoing a major redesign, fueling talk of major changes to come with iOS 11. Here are some of the features that could be in iOS 11.  Siri updates Rumours that Siri is about to become a lot more intelligent have been dominating talk ahead of Apple's launch of iOS 11. The voice assistant could be fitted with more artificial intelligence that can learn from users' actions, according to The Verifier. The update could mean that Siri is tied to users rather than devices. Another reported update could see Siri interjecting in group chats and conversations. In a patent filing in the US, Apple says: "One or more of the participant users can select to utilise a virtual assistant to assist the participant users with tasks during the communication session." This would be similar to Google's Assistant, which can be called upon in conversations in the Allo app.  Apple Music Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine has suggested that Apple will start developing original video for future updates. It comes after Apple last year purchased James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" as a standalone series. The iPhone giant is reportedly looking to expand its content, following the lead of other tech giants that are moving into original video. The company is working on 10 original series, according to Bloomberg. Mr Iovine said: "I’m trying to help Apple Music be an overall movement in popular culture, everything from unsigned bands to video. We have a lot of plans." Apple Music Video sharing Apple launched a new video editing app earlier this year called Clips that lets users add filters and effects to users' films. The app could be included as standard in iOS 11 and may feature new sharing abilities.  Apple's Clips video editing app Credit: Apple Sleep monitoring Earlier this month, Apple acquired sleep start-up Beddit. The Finnish company makes monitoring device that sits between the bed and mattress and tracks sleep quality, heart rate and snoring. There is no support for such sleep monitoring on iOS 10 or on the Apple Watch, and while Apple only completed the deal in May it could be planned for iOS 11, or one of its later updates. Peer-to-peer Apple Pay Apple Pay has reached a tipping point in the UK, with the majority of UK tills now accepting cardless payments. The company could add a new way to send money digitally between iPhones in iOS 11, Recode reports. According to Recode the service isn't quite ready, though, and the announcement may be some time away. Dark mode Apple enabled its "Night Shift" mode on devices last year, which can cut back on glaring blue light if you use your phone at night. However, with rumours that Apple is planning an OLED (Organic LED) screen for its high-end iPhone 8, which will allow the screen to show deeper blacks, there are reports that a new dark mode may be on the way. Apple already has a dark mode for its TVs and Macbooks but this has not been replicated for iPhones. There are plenty of mock ups for Apple's dark mode, but this rumours is definitely "what we want" rather than "what we know". iOS 10 key features Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics iOS 10 iPhone iOS The Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) Carpool Karaoke Apple Show more Technology latest 00:57 31 May 2017, 7:01am Who was architect Zaha Hadid and what were her most impressive buildings?  31 May 2017, 6:00am Comment: Team Ainslie is picking out the racing line for UK plc Lloyd Dorfman Premium 30 May 2017, 4:06pm British Airways computer chaos: The worst IT meltdowns of all time 30 May 2017, 12:31pm The best mobile phone deals 30 May 2017, 11:16am WannaCry cyber hackers linked to China not North Korea, experts say 29 May 2017, 9:00pm End of the supermarket queue as Barclaycard plans checkout-free shopping using mobile phones 28 May 2017, 9:31pm UK tech visas quadruple after applications soar 28 May 2017, 9:11pm Comment: The bitcoin bubble is back - but investors should avoid it  James Titcomb Premium 28 May 2017, 9:09pm Delivery wars: as another start-up raises money from investors is this the next tech bubble? Gallery 28 May 2017, 12:45pm Gallery: The best games for Nintendo Switch Gallery 28 May 2017, 12:44pm Gallery: The best video games of 2017 (so far) Gallery 28 May 2017, 12:41pm Gallery: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe - All 48 tracks ranked 28 May 2017, 6:00am Driverless cars: Should we believe the hype? Premium 26 May 2017, 8:32pm The Surge review - An exciting sci-fi twist on the Dark Souls formula 4 26 May 2017, 4:56pm Micro Focus to become largest UK tech firm after HP deal approved Gallery 26 May 2017, 4:15pm Gallery: Apple Park: Apple's new 'spaceship' campus - in pictures 26 May 2017, 1:03pm Annotated: What Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard speech really said 26 May 2017, 11:37am Why social media's war on terror is floundering Premium Gallery 26 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: The 20 hottest tech products and gadgets in the world right now 25 May 2017, 9:55pm Comment: A fintech revolution may have stalled, but it's key for Britain post-Brexit Julian Skan Premium 25 May 2017, 9:52pm Resist 'turn inwards' and isolationism, says Mark Zuckerberg Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple to let podcasters record 60-minute episodes at on-site WWDC 2017 studio, reservation required Benjamin Mayo - May. 30th 2017 11:10 am PT @bzamayo WWDC 2017 Podcasts View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The schedule for WWDC 2017 has just been announced and includes a new ‘Podcast Studio’. From Tuesday, podcasters will be able to reserve one hour slots and record in a specially-made recording studio inside the McEnery Convention Center. Apple says that the ‘fully outfitted studio’ allows for the creation of audio podcasts with up to four guests per show. Apple experts are on hand to provide support and podcasters are given a copy of their session to distribute freely how they see fit. Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial This is the first time Apple has supported the podcast community so directly at the conference. Podcasters can request reservations from Tuesday through Friday. Apple will not help produce shows directly following the keynote on the Monday morning, which limits its appeal for many tech shows that want to get episodes published as soon as possible. Earlier in the year, Eddy Cue said that Apple was working on new features for podcasts. The department rebranded to ‘Apple Podcasts’ last month, detaching itself from the iTunes brand. The addition of the podcast studio is another sign that imminent new features for podcasters could be on the horizon and may even form part of the announcements next week. For attendees interested in using the Podcast Studio, Apple says you can reserve for that day only at 7am every day. As you might expect, the slots are expected to fill up fast. Like previous years, much of the schedule remains redacted until after the keynote is over. This is because the NDA’d sessions will refer to unannounced products and platforms in their descriptions. Usually, this mean titles like ‘What’s New in iOS 11’. WWDC kicks off on Monday, June 5th at 10 AM PT. We’ll bring full coverage of all the announcements with iOS 11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4 and tvOS 11 likely headlining the day. (Speaking of podcasts, we will be recording a special WWDC Happy Hour episode later next week to discuss everything that gets announced. Sadly, this will not be taking place at Apple’s Podcast Studio however, as neither of us have conference tickets.) Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news and reviews! Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides Podcasts View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:56 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Nintendo Switch In Stock Struggles: Apple, Other Tech Companies To Blame? By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 2:04 PM Close The Nintendo Switch has been difficult to find since its March launch, but the console’s supply chain problems might be due to an unlikely culprit: Apple. High demand for individual components for hardware and devices have made it difficult for Nintendo to get the supplies it needs for Switch manufacturing, the Wall Street Journal reported. As the Journal noted, companies in product sectors ranging from smartphones to servers are requesting an increasing number of components used in these devices and manufacturers are struggling to keep up with demand. These components include NAND flash memory and the motors used for vibration feedback in devices like the Switch’s controllers. Read: Nintendo Wants To Sell 10 Million Switch Consoles This Year A Toshiba spokesperson told the Journal that flash memory demand has been “overwhelmingly greater than supply” and the situation is expected to continue through the end of the year. The problem for Nintendo has come down to its competitiveness versus increased demand. Generally, other companies have been able to offer larger orders or better agreements with manufacturers than what Nintendo can offer. Data server manufacturers also require newer and more profitable parts for companies than Nintendo’s Switch. In particular, Apple has also been a major contributor to this increased demand. With the current production of the iPhone 7 and the upcoming rumored iPhone 8, Apple has taken up a substantial amount of manufacturers’ available schedules. As MacRumors previously noted, Apple also reportedly has looked into buying a major share of Toshiba’s flash memory business.   For Nintendo, the continued supply chain difficulties are the company’s biggest hurdles in maintaining the Switch’s current hot streak. Since its launch, the Switch has been a major factor in improving the company’s fortunes, especially after the sputtering launch of its predecessor, the Wii U. The console sold 2.74 million units during its March launch, buoyed by equally strong sales of flagship titles like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo saw similar sales successes in April, as the console was the highest selling hardware device for the month in North America. Read: New Pokémon Nintendo Switch Game Hinted At Via Job Postings With the Switch’s steady numbers, Nintendo wants to remain aggressive with the new console’s sales. The company said the console can have a Wii-like lifespan for the market and wants to sell an additional 10 million units this fiscal year. This goal is fueled, in part, by the console’s portability and Nintendo considering it a Game Boy-like option where families buy multiple units for family members. The Switch also is to see high-profile titles like a new Monster Hunter title and Splatoon 2 later this year. However, the console’s continued success will come down Nintendo solving its supply chain problems. As the Journal noted, Nintendo is cautious about ramping up its manufacturing orders, because it potentially could cause the Switch to be sold above its retail price. At the same time, Switch remains hard to find in retail stores months after launch Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 5 Things We Already Know About Nintendo’s E3 2017 Stream Nintendo Switch Continues Sales Streak In April Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Vili Fualaau Files For Separation From Wife Mary Kay Letourneau Vili Fualaau's has decided to separate from his wife and former teacher, Mary Kay Letourneau, with whom he had a sexual affair when he was 12 years old. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Laptop News / Did Apple just drop the subtlest hint about the MacBook Pro’s future? Did Apple just drop the subtlest hint about the MacBook Pro’s future? by Chris Smith 13 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple is seemingly telling potential MacBook Pro buyers to adopt a wait and see attitude before splashing the cash; suggesting new models might be on the way next week. The company has altered the shipping estimates for the 15-inch 2016 MacBook Pro models from same-day shipping, to 3-5 business days (via Engadget) That would put free delivery in the US right around June 6-8, which is immediately following Apple’s WWDC keynote on June 5. Apple has also adjusted the estimates in Europe, Australia, Canada and in the far east, MacRumors points out Recent rumours have suggested Apple will boost the entire line-up with Intel’s 7th generation core processors. Most of the updates are expected to be iterative, internal improvements (meaning no design changes), but it’ll certainly be advantageous for customers to pick up the 2017 model, should it arrive next week. Related: Surface Pro 2017 vs MacBook Pro Should Apple decide to refresh the line up (perhaps with an additional 32GB RAM configuration), it would represent just a 220 day turnaround between new models. Given Apple took its sweet time in overhauling the MacBook Pro last year, this could be seen as a sign the company is reaffirming its commitment to its computing platform. Elsewhere at WWDC, we’re likely to see the latest version of macOS, plus iOS 11 and new developments for watchOS and TV OS. We may also see the company’s Siri-powered Amazon Echo rival make an appearance, although such talk has quietened down of late. Are you in the market for a new MacBook Pro? Or is Apple asking too much for not enough? Let us know in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay New SEALED 2016 MacBook Pro 15 Core i7 2.6GHZ 16GB 256GB Space Gray w/Touch Bar $2,165.00 View Item NEW Apple Macbook Pro 2.6GHz 2.6 GHz 15.4" MLH32LL/A i7 16GB 256GB TouchBar 2016 $2,119.99 View Item Apple MacBook Pro 13.3" LED Intel i5-3210M Core 2.5GHz 4GB 500GB Laptop MD101LLA $589.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business   The new iPhone SE is displayed during an Apple special event at the Apple headquarters on March 21, 2016 in Cupertino, California. Apple announced the iPhone SE and a 9.7" version of the iPad Pro. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)    Apple Targets Google In New Ad Campaign Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 1:27 PM 05/30/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Apple reportedly released three new advertisements Thursday indirectly calling out other smartphone operating systems, like Google’s Android. The new videos are part of a larger initiative from the tech conglomerate called “Life is easier on iPhone” campaign, reports 9to5Mac, a blog primarily focused on Apple-related news. The campaign aims to have people convert from being an Android user to an iPhone customer. As evidenced by the marketing content, Apple not only tries to trumpet how easy it is to transfer from one service provider to another, but also the purportedly superior security and fluidity of its phones’ operations. The most recent advertisements are reminiscent of other Apple promotional videos in the past, specifically the ones with actor Justin Long, in which Apple tries to personify and portray its computer product as more reliable and less awkward. When the campaign was officially launched earlier this month, the company updated its “apple.com/switch” sub-site, according to 9to5Mac. While the ads do not bluntly address Google, this section of the company’s website directly references its competitor and its operating system. “Will it be easy to switch to iPhone?” the website asks. “Yes, it will. There’s no need to save your stuff elsewhere before switching from Android. Just download the ‘Move to iOS’ app from the Google Play Store and it securely transfers your content for you.” Apple apparently thinks that maximizing its market share by shepherding current Android users to its own services is one of the best ways to increase its profits. (RELATED: Potentially Leaked iPhone 8 Images Appear To Show Touch Sensor On Back Of Device) How easily Apple will be able to snag consumers from its competition may prove to be a difficult task. A report published in November shows that Android users were less likely to switch to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in comparison to previous iPhones. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Android, Apple, Google, iPhone, iPhone 7 Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE The 'iPhone 8' Looks Beautiful Next to the Galaxy S8 [Images] Halide is a New Premium Camera App for iPhone Amazon Introduces First 4K TV With Built-In Fire TV and Alexa [Video] This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Andy Rubin Unveils 'Essential Phone' With Near Edge-to-Edge Display Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] Pixelmator Teases the 'Biggest Thing We've Ever Done' [Image] New Apple Park Drone Video Offers Closer Look at Steve Jobs Theater Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.3 Beta 2 to Developers Apple's Carpool Karaoke Debuts August 8th WWDC App Updated With Curated Video Playlists, Interactive Maps, More Klocki is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Offers Podcasters Use of On-Site Studio at WWDC Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park Apple Seeds watchOS 3.2.3 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds tvOS 10.2.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] WWDC App Updated With Curated Video Playlists, Interactive Maps, More LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 12 hours ago by iClarified · 1407 views · Translate Apple has released an update to its WWDC app for iOS ahead of its developer conference in June. The update brings curated video playlists, interactive maps, and more. Make the most of the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference with the WWDC app. Even if you can’t join us in San Jose, you can still follow along each day on iOS and tvOS. And because the WWDC app experience extends to Apple Watch, favorite session information is available right on your wrist. Features: • Watch live streamed sessions on iOS and tvOS. • Stream or download WWDC videos from this year and previous years. • Start watching on one iOS device, and pick up where you left off on another iOS device or on Apple TV. • Browse times, locations, and descriptions for sessions, labs, and special events. • Mark schedule items as favorites. • Keep up with the latest news, get important notifications, and see new photos throughout each day. • Use indoor location to find your way around San Jose McEnery Convention Center • Provide feedback on content and speakers for each session. • Add your pass to Wallet for faster check-in at WWDC. What's New In This Version: We’ve made several app updates to improve your experience in 2017, whether you’re attending or following along remotely. Now you can: • Watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes. • View interactive venue and street maps. • See important venue information in the new Venue tab. • Use all app features without signing in. You can download WWDC from the App Store for free. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:39 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology WWDC 2017: 15-Inch MacBook Pro Shipping Dates Shift Before Rumored New Lineup By Denisse Moreno On 05/30/17 AT 12:43 PM Close Apple recently updated online availability of 15-inch MacBook Pro on its website to June 6-8 to coincide with the Worldwide Developers Conference next week, MacRumors first spotted. The move comes after a Bloomberg report said Apple plans to announce its new laptop lineup at WWDC. Apple will reportedly announce new versions of the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro at the event. The company is also said to be considering updating the MacBook Air, which hasn’t been upgraded in years. Read: Apple Will Introduce New MacBook Lineup At WWDC, Could Debut Revamped MacBook Air In-store pickup of the 15-inch MacBook Pro is available for June 8. The availability update did not apply to the 13-inch MacBook Pro version, with delivery dates as soon as May 31. The 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery dates are also pushed back by a few days in the U.K., Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and other countries. It’s not clear whether Apple’s availability date change is because it plans to reveal only the 15-inch MacBook Pro at WWDC, or if Apple has higher supply of the 13-inch laptops ahead of WWDC. MacBook Lineup WWDC Apple will reportedly add a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel to the new MacBook Pro, which is rumored to be announced at WWDC. The laptop will look like the previous version, with mostly internal changes. Apple is said to be revamping the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The Cupertino company could also update the MacBook Air with a new processor. Read: iPad Pro 2 Launching At WWDC, Expected Features Include Bezel-less display, 10nm processor, Reports Apple has been also reportedly working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro that manages the laptops low-power mode, although it’s not clear whether that feature will be included in the upcoming lineup. The rumored laptop lineup comes after the Touch Bar MacBook Pro’s release last fall. The new computers could help Apple excite fans and compete with Microsoft, which recently introduced the Surface Laptop. What Apple Will Announce At WWDC Besides the MacBook products, Apple could also announce the iPad Pro 2, which is rumored to come with an edge-to-edge display and a new accessory: the Apple Pencil 2. Apple could also announce its Siri speaker, which will compete with Amazon’s Alexa Echo devices and Google Home. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently said earlier this month there is an "over 50 percent chance” the device will be revealed at WWDC. Amazon recently launched the Echo Show, which comes with a built-in display, and the Echo Look. It is unclear whether Apple’s Siri gadget will come with a screen. Apple could also announce updates to macOS, tvOS, watchOS and Apple Pay. The company could also give the public a glimpse of the upcoming iOS 11 update for iPads and iPhones, which is expected to launch in September alongside the much-anticipated iPhone 8.   Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Surface Laptop: Why The Windows 10 S Notebook Is A Miss Huawei Reveals The Matebook X Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Vili Fualaau Files For Separation From Wife Mary Kay Letourneau Vili Fualaau's has decided to separate from his wife and former teacher, Mary Kay Letourneau, with whom he had a sexual affair when he was 12 years old. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple updates WWDC app with new theme, curated playlists, and interactive maps Greg Barbosa - May. 30th 2017 10:52 am PT @gregbarbosa Apps & Updates WWDC 2017 Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has just pushed an update to its official WWDC app in preparation for next week’s developer conference. The update brings in a bright new red icon for the application alongside an iMessage stickers app. Today’s update also allows non-developers to use the application without having to sign-in to access its features. Every year developer’s use the WWDC app to be kept up to date with the event’s official schedule and venue information. Apple’s update today brings curated playlists around different developer themes and a new theme across the app’s design. Playlist sections have bolder headlines, similar to Apple Music, but utilize different colors for visual organization. This year’s schedule follows years’ past with silly titles for different events not yet ready to be announced. Scrolling through the current line-up, you’ll see events titled as “💍  this session name hasn’t been engaged yet”, “🐝  to bee determined”, and “👃 nobody nose what to call this yet”. What’s New in Version 6.0.0 We’ve made several app updates to improve your experience in 2017, whether you’re attending or following along remotely. Now you can: Watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes. View interactive venue and street maps. See important venue information in the new Venue tab. Use all app features without signing in. The latest update can be grabbed from the iOS App Store now. WWDC 2017 App – Videos WWDC 2017 App – Schedule WWDC 2017 App – News WWDC 2017 App – Venue WWDC 2017 iMessage App WWDC 2017 iMessage App Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news and reviews! Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple releases second iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone and iPad Zac Hall - May. 30th 2017 10:00 am PT @apollozac iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the second iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. The first beta version only included new wallpapers for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and no other visible changes. We’ll update with any changes discovered below. Sony A6500 iOS 10.3.3 beta 2 is currently available to registered developers; a public beta version for iOS 10.3.3 is also available although today’s update may not be immediately available. Major new features for iOS are likely being saved for iOS 11 which we expect to see introduced at WWDC on June 5. Rumored features include Apple Pay peer-to-peer payments, group FaceTime, new Siri enhancements, changes to the Apple Music app, and more. For a look back at what changes Apple included with iOS 10.3, check out our hands-on video below: For more on iOS 11, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 WWDC Wishlist: How CarPlay could improve with iOS 11 Sketchy rumor claims iOS 11 will enhance Siri with iMessage integration, user behavior learning, more iOS 10.3 beta 32-bit alert suggests Apple may drop legacy app support in iOS 11 Report: Apple in talks to extend Apple Pay with person-to-person payments, offer its own prepaid debit cards Release notes: Notes and Known Issues Managed and Shared Devices The ability to update devices from a remote server is in development and may not yet work as expected. openURL When a third party application invokes openURL: on a tel://, facetime://, or facetime-audio:// URL, iOS displays a prompt and requires user confirmation before dialing. SOS SOS is only supported in India. WebKit Safari now supports the prefers-reduced-motion media query. This query allows a web developer to provide alternate page styles for users who are sensitive to large areas of motion. Users can change their preference for reduced motion in the Accessibility section of System Preferences. The iOS 10.3 update removes support for SHA-1 signed certificates used for Transport Layer Security (TLS) in Safari and WebKit that are issued from a root Certification Authority (CA) included in the operating system default trust store. All other TLS connections will continue to support SHA-1 signed certificates until late 2017. SHA-1 signed root CA certificates, enterprise- distributed SHA-1 certificates, and user-installed SHA-1 certificates are not affected by this change. For more information, see https://support.apple.com/kb/HT207459. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Tuesday May 30, 2017 10:02 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.6 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first 10.12.6 beta and a little over two weeks after introducing macOS Sierra 10.12.5, a minor bug fix update. macOS Sierra 10.12.6 can be downloaded through the Apple Developer Center or through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. No significant features or notable bug fixes were found in the first macOS Sierra 10.12.6 beta, and because Apple does not provide beta release notes, we may not know what’s included in the update until it sees a public release. macOS Sierra 10.12.6 is likely to be one of the final updates to the Sierra operating system as Apple transitions to macOS 10.13, which will be introduced at the Worldwide Developers Conference in June. Update: Apple has also seeded a second macOS Sierra 10.12.6 public beta for its public beta testers. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra 18 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Jayderek 13 hours ago at 10:38 am Next week would be their chance to make macOS 11 alongside iOS 11 - seems like a good time to make that naming switch. Rating: 6 Votes rgeneral 14 hours ago at 10:22 am Just wondering, after which point do we get macOS 11? perhaps after 10.99 ? Rating: 5 Votes Vjosullivan 13 hours ago at 11:07 am I cant wait for 10.13 You can. Rating: 4 Votes dogslobber 9 hours ago at 02:44 pm Good ol' Apple! Love their beta Mac OS releases! Rating: 1 Votes MacBird 10 hours ago at 01:56 pm Public Beta is available, too: 16G12b Rating: 1 Votes justperry 12 hours ago at 12:22 pm Next week would be their chance to make macOS 11 alongside iOS 11 - seems like a good time to make that naming switch. Since they dropped the X from Max OS (X) they could. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is... 87 comments Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event 13 hours ago on Front Page Ahead of the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, set to kick off on Monday, June 5, Apple has updated its official WWDC app for the event, introducing several new features and a revamped look. ... 39 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta and a little over two weeks following the release of iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug... 46 comments Intel's Upcoming Coffee Lake Processors Up to 30% Faster Than Kaby Lake Chips Coming to Mac Notebooks 16 hours ago on Front Page Intel today said one of its eighth-generation "Coffee Lake" processors delivered more than a 30 percent performance boost over an equivalent seventh-generation "Kaby Lake" processor... 247 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 2 days ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 450 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 158 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 2 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 68 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 139 comments • macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS (332) • Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices (106) • This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad (109) • TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display (222) • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (144) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (293) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (122)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Pokemon GO' Legendary Pokemon and Player Battles Probably Coming this Summer New 'Wonder Woman' Cards Added to 'Injustice 2' Today 'Yankai's Peak' is Kenny Sun's Love Letter to Pyramids, Out Now 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting 'Rise of the Goblins' Content Based on 'We Be Goblins' Action-Packed 'Laser Kitty Pow Pow' Looking for Testers in Our Forums Magic Realist Point-and-Click Adventure 'Memoranda' Coming to Mobile YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of watchOS 3.2.3 to Developers Tuesday May 30, 2017 10:03 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2.3 update to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after seeding the first watchOS 3.2.3 beta and a little over two weeks after releasing watchOS 3.2.2, a minor bug fix update. Registered developers can download the watchOS 3.2.3 update through the Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General --> Software Update. For the beta to be installed, the Apple Watch needs to have 50 percent battery, it must be placed on the charger, and it has to be in range of the iPhone. Apple only provides watchOS betas to developers because there's no way to downgrade software on an Apple Watch. Non-developers will need to wait for the public release to get the update. No notable features or bug fixes were discovered in the first beta of watchOS 3.2.3, suggesting the update focuses primarily on under-the-hood improvements. watchOS 3.2.3 is likely to be one of the last updates to the watchOS 3 operating system, as Apple is expected to introduce a new version of watchOS at its Worldwide Developers Conference in June. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 13 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Westside guy 14 hours ago at 10:20 am I'm pretty happy with the state of WatchOS - at least as far as my Apple Watch goes. Whenever I read these stories about new betas for the OS, I must admit my first thought is always "okay, just don't screw up the battery life". :D Rating: 6 Votes Thai 13 hours ago at 11:00 am Ugh, again?! Then opt out of Beta program! I don't get people sometimes...signed up for beta and then moan about getting updates! Rating: 5 Votes Thai 11 hours ago at 01:24 pm Perhaps I should have been clearer. My issue is not with improvements or beta releases. My objection is to MacRumors once again pointlessly bulking out their article with the meaningless phrase "under-the-hood improvements", when what they mean is "improvements". After I last offered this observation, the phrase was thankfully notable by its absence from some subsequent articles. It is now back again. Hence "ugh". But who cares?! Would you prefer them not making any announcements? When such articles come up (and, like you, especially if i know what it will say), then i just scan quickly the article and go to download the update. I also read the comments just in case it is a bad update. Rating: 2 Votes rturner2 8 hours ago at 03:50 pm Multiple playlists synced to the watch?! The original iPod supported more than 1 about a decade ago. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is... 87 comments Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event 13 hours ago on Front Page Ahead of the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, set to kick off on Monday, June 5, Apple has updated its official WWDC app for the event, introducing several new features and a revamped look. ... 39 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta and a little over two weeks following the release of iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug... 46 comments Intel's Upcoming Coffee Lake Processors Up to 30% Faster Than Kaby Lake Chips Coming to Mac Notebooks 16 hours ago on Front Page Intel today said one of its eighth-generation "Coffee Lake" processors delivered more than a 30 percent performance boost over an equivalent seventh-generation "Kaby Lake" processor... 247 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 2 days ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 450 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 158 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 2 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 68 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 139 comments • macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS (332) • Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices (106) • This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad (109) • TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display (222) • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (144) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (293) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (122)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Pokemon GO' Legendary Pokemon and Player Battles Probably Coming this Summer New 'Wonder Woman' Cards Added to 'Injustice 2' Today 'Yankai's Peak' is Kenny Sun's Love Letter to Pyramids, Out Now 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting 'Rise of the Goblins' Content Based on 'We Be Goblins' Action-Packed 'Laser Kitty Pow Pow' Looking for Testers in Our Forums Magic Realist Point-and-Click Adventure 'Memoranda' Coming to Mobile YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE The 'iPhone 8' Looks Beautiful Next to the Galaxy S8 [Images] Halide is a New Premium Camera App for iPhone Amazon Introduces First 4K TV With Built-In Fire TV and Alexa [Video] This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Andy Rubin Unveils 'Essential Phone' With Near Edge-to-Edge Display Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] Pixelmator Teases the 'Biggest Thing We've Ever Done' [Image] New Apple Park Drone Video Offers Closer Look at Steve Jobs Theater Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.3 Beta 2 to Developers Apple's Carpool Karaoke Debuts August 8th WWDC App Updated With Curated Video Playlists, Interactive Maps, More Klocki is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Offers Podcasters Use of On-Site Studio at WWDC Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park Apple Seeds watchOS 3.2.3 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds tvOS 10.2.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 13 hours ago by iClarified · 1175 views · Translate Apple has released macOS Sierra 10.12.6 beta 2 to developers for testing. The build number is 16G12b. The macOS Sierra 10.12.6 update improves the stability, compatibility, and security of your Mac. You can install this update using the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility: • If you have already installed the new "MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility”, choose "Software Update" from the Apple menu. Otherwise, proceed with the following steps. • Log into your Apple Developer account and download the "MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility". • After running the installer, the Mac App Store will open automatically. Click the Updates panel and the latest version of macOS developer beta will be available for download. • When a newer seed build is available, you will receive a notification to update from the Mac App Store. Click the notification to begin the installation. New release notes will be posted in Downloads on the Apple Developer Program website. • To stop receiving new developer beta builds, go to the App Store in System Preferences and where it says "Your computer is set to receive beta software updates", click the "Change..." button. Then click the Do Not Show Beta Software Updates button in the dialog box. Download the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility from the link below. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Halide is a beautiful iPhone camera app with gesture-based pro controls Zac Hall - May. 30th 2017 9:59 am PT @apollozac Apps & Updates iPhone Halide View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Halide is a brand new camera app for iOS from ex-Twitter for iOS tech lead Ben Sandofsky and ex-Apple designer Sebastiaan de With. While Apple’s Camera app works great for quick shots, Halide focuses on taking the best photos possible with your iPhone when you want to capture an important memory. Halide offers quick access to camera controls with a swipe or tap from the viewfinder, and a gesture-based user interface makes it possible to manually adjust settings for each shot without going overboard with confusing controls and menus. Sony A6500 Halide includes all the usual pro camera features without the usual complexity that it requires. Toggles include automatic and manual control; gesture-based ISO, shutter speed, and white balance adjustments; RAW + JPG capture; plus a 3×3 grid and super handy level tool. These settings can be adjusted on-the-fly with a swipe down and a tap or completely hidden based on what you want to see. No need to close the Camera app and dig through Settings to toggle a grid or geotagging. Halide also focuses solely on shooting photography. No video modes or filters or square cameras, just front- and back-facing camera shooting. Another nice touch: Halide toggles between 1x and 2x optical zoom on iPhone 7 Plus and doesn’t bother with digital zoom in between 1x and 2x or beyond 2x. iPhone 5 and up can run Halide on iOS 10, and iPhone 6s and up supports Halide’s live histogram and focus peaking features. The live histogram is optional and appears directly in the viewfinder’s lower left corner, and focus peaking previews the areas of your shot that are in focus in red so you aren’t surprised with a blurry shot. You can instantly revert back to automatic shooting mode with the tap of a button, too, and each of these tools are explained in a realistic camera manual when you first launch Halide. Halide also features tasteful use of haptic feedback throughout the app plus a built-in vertical scrolling photo viewer with metadata and swipeable actions for favoriting and deleting shots. For casual photographers, Halide can be a beautiful camera app with automatic shooting and easy access to more advanced controls as needed. More serious photographers will appreciate Halide’s focus on natural adjustments when shooting manually without dealing with overly complex menus or gimmicky shooting modes. Halide is one of those delightful iPhone apps that makes me wish I could change default system apps or customize Control Center for specific apps. You can buy Halide for iPhone at a special $2.99 price from the App Store today. The regular price will increase after the initial launch week. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more app news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPhone View THe Guide Halide View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Android creator unveils new phone, home assistant device Shares0 Tue, 30 May 2017-11:34pm , Reuters The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon.com Echo and Alphabet's Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn , Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Mobile Upcoming iPhone 8 to feature new display format: Report Science 'Heat island' effect may double climate change costs for world Technology 41 banned terror outfits in Pakistan operate openly on Facebook: Report Technology SC issues notice to Rajasthan government over removal of mobile towers near prison centres Technology New 'robot priest' gives auto-blessings in German church Technology MuveAcoustics unveils limited edition 'Impulse' on-ear headphone Next Article > Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Next node Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Related Popular Chinese lesbian dating app with over 5 million registered users removed from the internet Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Android co-founder Andy Rubin's Essential may launch 'bezel-less' smartphone on May 30 Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Google Siri Alexa Foxconn HTC Redpoint Ventures Samsung Apple Inc Amazon Andy Rubin Google Assistant Wolfgang Muller Altimeter Capital Apple HomeKit Apple Inc iPhone Essential Products Samsung Galaxy Tencent Holdings SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Northern Army Commander lauds troops for killing Hizbul commander Sabzar Bhat Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Inside DJI Mini-Drone NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: LinkedIn Group Preps Server Specs NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020 NEWS & ANALYSIS: Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for Toshiba Memory SPONSORED: Stopping Attacks: Security for Next Generation IoT ... News & Analysis Apple, Intel Attack Rivals SoC hire, new CPUs hit Qcomm, AMD Rick Merritt 5/30/2017 02:00 PM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – Apple and Intel got an edge on rivals in separate moves that came to light Tuesday (May 30), showing heated competition in semiconductors. Apple hired a top Qualcomm engineering manager expected to lead its SoC efforts while Intel announced a new high-end PC processor family, leapfrogging renewed competition from Advanced Micro Devices. Apple hired Esin Terzioglu, a vice president of engineering who led the central engineering group at Qualcomm’s semiconductor division for the last eight years. For its part, Intel announced its Core i9 Extreme Edition family, including an 18 core, 36 thread chip that leapfrogs AMD’s Ryzen Threadripper, a 16 core, 32 thread chip announced in mid-May. Terzioglu announced his move in a LinkedIn post made public in a tweet by Neil Shah, an analyst for Counterpoint Research. Terzioglu has not updated his LinkedIn page to provide his new title at Apple, but given his experience observers expect he will lead Apple’s semiconductor efforts, perhaps launching a foray into creating the company’s own baseband processor. The move comes at a time when Apple is locked in a major legal battle with Qualcomm over as much as $2 billion in annual royalties it charges for its cellular communications patents. Last year, Apple started using baseband chips from Intel. Apple filed suit against Qualcomm in January, claiming that Qualcomm’s royalties were exorbitant and the chip vendor pressured it to remain silent. In a countersuit filed in April , Qualcomm said that it paid Apple to refrain from asserting patents and revealed that it got royalty payments for iPhones and iPads through Apple’s contract manufacturers including Compal, Foxconn, Pegatron and Wistron. Before joining Qualcomm, Terzioglu was CTO and CFO of startup Novelics, acquired by Mentor Graphics. Previously he served six years as a principal scientist in the office of the CTO at Broadcom. He holds a doctorate and masters in electrical engineering from Stanford. “It does seem Apple increasingly wants to design almost everything in the iPhone,” said Mike Demler, an analyst with the Linley Group. “If you look at its patent filings its obvious Apple has been doing a lot of work in baseband radios for the past few years and they might even try to design their whole RF signal chain,” he said. In addition, Apple recently informed Imagination Technologies it intends to design its own mobile GPUs. Next page: Intel makes play for PC gamers Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > More Related Links Chip Design Takes on Functional Safety Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020 4 Views of the Silicon Roadmap Imagination Sells SoC Design Group AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 5/30/2017 12:29:08 PM BrainiacV Carl, the clueless manager, was once again in his bubble of ignorance. 5/30/2017 12:29:08 PM BrainiacV Carl, the clueless manager, was once again in his bubble of ignorance. 5/30/2017 12:07:31 PM TGR0 Ned got stuck drumming up support for new lab equipment. 5/30/2017 11:04:04 AM resistion Micron was better at describing it, at least no denials like Intel. 5/30/2017 10:06:42 AM Shinobee FWIW, I spoke to someone from Micron Technologies, who worked closely on the project, several weeks ago and he did in fact confirm to me that 3dxpoint uses Phase Change memory.... 5/30/2017 6:32:59 AM pabaines The first experiment in extended faster-than-light travel was a success. Sadly, Bob was now less than a sixteenth of an inch tall and weighed 400lbs, and was only visible thanks... 5/30/2017 5:29:15 AM sunilkjadhav According to a new market research report "Video Wall Market by Product (Video Wall Displays, Housing, Installation, & Content Management), Application (Indoor, Outdoor, Menu... 5/30/2017 4:00:28 AM openchip Unfortunatly there is no solution to the challenge as posted and all solutions listed on this page as accepted ones are not real solutions, they can not work and they do not. ... 5/30/2017 2:04:02 AM TFCSD Well the company seems to be going down for the third time. Talked to a former company engineer recently laid off and he said the company has been doing the same things as in... 5/29/2017 9:56:57 PM resistion The doses here of ~30-40 mJ/cm2 are still too low, need something like 60-80 mJ/cm2, to address shot noise.  https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/photopolymer/29/6/29_797/_pdf Also,... Navigate to Related Links Chip Design Takes on Functional Safety Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020 4 Views of the Silicon Roadmap Imagination Sells SoC Design Group AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers Cartoon Contest May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" "Your caption here!" 77 comments All Cartoons April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" Edgar's manager regretted asking him for a presentation on cloud services. 88 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  15   Four Grand Engineering Challenges  15   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  14   Qualcomm: Apple's Real iPhone Competitor  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  7   Is Elon Musk's Brain Cap Viable?  3   Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for ...  3   Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020  2   DRAM Price Surge Continues  2   Sony Launches First Three-Layer, 960 fps ...  2   Big Data Reshapes Silicon  1   GaAs Nanowires Boost Solar  1   Robo-car Redraws Auto Landscape Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Around AOTF × News Reviews Articles Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy News Reviews Guides Originals Xbox PlayStation PC Gaming Nintendo News WSJ: Apple Could Mean Trouble for Nintendo Switch Production Share Tweet by Jose Belmonte | @JoseBelmonte | on May 30, 2017 Nintendo has recently commented that it’s trying solve the current supply shortage of Nintendo Switch by increasing its production, in order to achieve 20 million consoles manufactured in the fiscal year ending March 2018. However, The Wall Street Journal reports in a new article that the Japanese company could find some fierce competition from Apple and other internet-based companies for the components necessary to build the hybrid console. The massive production of smartphones, flash memories, and other electronic devices has made component makers feel overwhelmed by the demand of NAND flash-memory chips that store data, liquid-crystal displays, and the motors that make the new HD rumble work. A spokeswoman at Toshiba says: “Demand for our NAND flash memory has been overwhelmingly greater than supply, and the situation is likely to stay for the rest of this year.” She also cited Apple and other Chinese companies as the ones making the bigger demand for their components. Apple is currently developing its 10th anniversary iPhone set to release in September, while data centers need flash memories to keep up with the growth of the digital market. According to the Wall Street Journal, the problem comes when both groups are in a better position than Nintendo to make a deal with manufacturers. Apple and other smartphone designers usually make bigger and more lucrative orders, while the data centers are willing to pay more for the latest technology in flash memory. Paying more for the components doesn’t seem like a good solution for Nintendo either, since that would make the price of the console to rise beyond the current $299 retail price. However, Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima has spoken publicly about his will to avoid selling the console at a loss. Nintendo Switch is officially estimated to sell 10 million consoles in the current fiscal year. We will see if the company manages to increase the production and beat its expectations. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Read This Next Nier: Automata Reaches 1.5 Million Shipments and Digital Sales Square Enix has announced via Twitter that Nier: Automata’s shipments and digital sales have passed 1.5 million combined. This is... Overwatch Anniversary Events Boost Its Sales in the UK Blizzard’s Overwatch received a boost in sales in the United Kingdom thanks to all the anniversary discounts and the release... First Look at Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch Ver. Following the yesterday’s announcement of a Nintendo Switch port of Monster Hunter XX, Capcom has revealed today the first trailer... Say Something Follow AOTF on Twitter 41.5k Like AOTF on Facebook 6.5k Sub to our Youtube Channel 3k More From Attack of the Fanboy Capcom Bringing Monster Hunter XX to Nintendo Switch Error Code 002-0102 Hits Tons of Modded 3DS Users Will there be Another Pokemon on 3DS? GameFreak is Hiring Magikarp Gets Its Own Pokemon Spinoff, Out Now for Mobile Nintendo Switch Shortages Could Continue All Year Long Ultra Street Fighter II: The Final Challengers Review Popular Related Articles Games of the Year 2015 2015 was a huge breath of fresh air for the gaming industry after a disappointing 2014. Sure, we still had... Nintendo Switch Pro Controller FCC Approval Should Mean Pre-Orders Are Coming Soon The Nintendo Switch was fully unveiled nearly two weeks ago and with that came the barrage of accessories that will... Nintendo Confirms Next Console, Coming 2012 Nintendo has confirmed that the rumors of an unnamed console are true and will be revealed at E3 2011. ... Super Smash Bros. Leaks Veterans & New Fighters There have been many characters announced so far for Super Smash Bros. but it seems someone has gotten a hold... Analyst believes Nintendo will eventually have to abandon hardware Industry analyst Michael Pachter has made a bold claim about the future of Nintendo consoles. Speaking recently at a technology... Miyamoto Hopes Nintendo NX Is Bigger Than The Wii U Console Nintendo’s Shigeru Miyamoto has explained in a new interview the company hopes its Nintendo NX console is a bigger hit... PS4 Most Searched On Google Over Xbox One And Wii U In terms of Google searches, more people searched for the “PS4” over the “Xbox One” and “Wii U”. This is... UKIE Calls for Sony and Nintendo to Quit the Console Game Making video game consoles has long been a losing venture, but one that made up for hardware manufacturing losses on... Nintendo Shares Its Visions For NX Console In a new statement from Nintendo, the company shared its vision for the near future and what it wants to... Microsoft Reacts To Competing With Nintendo NX Console Even though nobody knows much about the Nintendo NX yet, this hasn’t stopped people from asking what the competition feels... Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS © 2017 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News, Reviews, & Guides
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Apple releases second watchOS 3.2.3 beta for Apple Watch Zac Hall - May. 30th 2017 10:03 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch watchOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the second watchOS 3.2.3 beta for Apple Watch. The update is only available to registered developers for testing. Sony A6500 watchOS 3.2.3 beta follows the release of watchOS 3.2.2 for all users. Both updates focus on bug fixes and performance improvements. watchOS 3.2.3 is only available to registered developers. Apple features a public beta program for iOS and macOS while watchOS and tvOS are developer only. We’ll update if any changes or release notes are discovered or shared. For a look back at the changes included in watchOS 3.2, check out our hands-on video below: For more on watchOS, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 Ahead of WWDC, what are you most excited to see in watchOS 4? [Poll] What’s next for Apple Watch? How sleep tracking, cellular, and an always-on display could be major improvements Release notes: Notes and Known Issues Xcode Known Issues • Complication targets may exit if you enable the complication after deploying for the first time. Workaround: Deploy the app again. • When deploying using Xcode, notifications do not show up for WatchKit for watchOS 1 applications. • Contacts do not show in Simulator. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide watchOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Tuesday May 30, 2017 9:59 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta and a little over two weeks following the release of iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug fix update. Registered developers can download iOS 10.3.3 beta 2 from the Apple Developer Center or over-the-air with the proper configuration profile is installed. No significant features or notable bug fixes were found in the first beta, suggesting iOS 10.3.3, like iOS 10.3.2, is an update that's minor in scale and designed to introduce security improvements and address bugs. It does introduce new wallpapers for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, though. iOS 10.3.3 could be one of the last updates to iOS 10, as Apple is beginning to shift its focus to iOS 11. iOS 11 will make its debut at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference, which kicks off on June 5. iOS 11 will be in testing for several months before seeing a fall public release. Update: Apple has also seeded a second iOS 10.3.3 beta for public beta testers. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 46 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) DaveOP 13 hours ago at 10:53 am Nobody's going to test this, iOS 11 beta 1 should be released next week. Clearly not a developer. We will be testing this, as our users will be on iOS 10 until late September. Rating: 8 Votes rwilliams 14 hours ago at 10:04 am Nah, I'm just gonna wait for iOS 11 next week. Rating: 6 Votes xflashx 14 hours ago at 10:08 am Makes me only more excited for iOS 11 next monday :) Rating: 6 Votes VSMacOne 13 hours ago at 10:38 am Nobody's going to test this, iOS 11 beta 1 should be released next week. Developers will. They need to make sure their apps run well on this when it gets released to the public. Rating: 5 Votes Welcorian 14 hours ago at 10:09 am IOS 11 hopefully will have Dark mode and Indoor Maps. Indoor maps? Rating: 5 Votes mercybelcher 14 hours ago at 10:07 am IOS 11 hopefully will have Dark mode and Indoor Maps. Rating: 4 Votes ErikGrim 8 hours ago at 04:25 pm Amazing how people read "indoor maps" and think "my own house" instead of "stadiums, shopping malls, airports etc." Look, here's one that exist already: Rating: 4 Votes braddick 14 hours ago at 10:26 am IOS 11 hopefully will have Dark mode and Indoor Maps. How BIG is your bathroom? Rating: 4 Votes TechGeek76 13 hours ago at 10:51 am That's what Apple is planning for the ios 11 map. [doublepost=1496165545][/doublepost] //www.macrumors.com/2017/05/25/macrumors-forums-ios-11-wishlist/ That's a user wish list... Rating: 3 Votes mariusignorello 14 hours ago at 10:26 am Seems like the final build. Apple changes the file icon to a white Lego block on the release IPSW files. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Seeds Second Beta of watchOS 3.2.3 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2.3 update to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after seeding the first watchOS 3.2.3 beta and a little over two weeks after... 13 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.6 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first 10.12.6 beta and a little over two weeks after introducing macOS Sierra... 18 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of tvOS 10.2.2 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2.2 update to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after releasing the first beta of tvOS 10.2.2 and a little over two weeks after... 9 comments North Korean Company Ignores Apple Trademarks and Launches Tablet Called 'Ryonghung iPad' 15 hours ago on iOS Blog North Korea technology company Ryonghung has recently released a new tablet using the trademarked name of Apple's popular device, the iPad. The company's tablet is called the "Ryonghung... 71 comments Apple's Domination of Component Supply Chain Said to Be Constraining Nintendo Switch Production 16 hours ago on iOS Blog A new article by The Wall Street Journal today has taken a look into the increased pressure put on suppliers of NAND flash memory units, as well as other smartphone components, and how Apple might be... 29 comments Apple Pay Rumored to Arrive in Ukraine in Q2 2018 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple Pay will continue its worldwide expansion next year, with a new report suggesting that Apple is planning to launch its mobile payments wallet in Ukraine in the second quarter of 2018. The news... 10 comments Andy Rubin's Essential Products Announces Modular Smartphone and Amazon Echo Rival 19 hours ago on iOS Blog New company Essential Products announced its debut products today, including a modular titanium smartphone with an edge-to-edge display and an Amazon Echo competitor. Andy Rubin, the founder of... 67 comments Latest Apple Park Drone Video Catches a Glimpse of Historic Glendenning Barn 19 hours ago on Mac Blog This morning Matthew Roberts shared a new drone video of Apple Park on his YouTube channel, representing the latest addition to the drone videographer's ongoing monthly aerial coverage of... 18 comments • Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways (35) • U.S. Could Expand Tablet and Laptop Ban to All International Flights (120) • Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete (72) • Siri Bug Allows Cellular Data to be Disabled From Lock Screen Without a Passcode (88) • Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality (24) • TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Steredenn, Fidget Spinner Apps, Prison Architect, and More (5) • MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Copy of 'Total War: WARHAMMER' From Feral Interactive (5)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Pokemon GO' Legendary Pokemon and Player Battles Probably Coming this Summer New 'Wonder Woman' Cards Added to 'Injustice 2' Today 'Yankai's Peak' is Kenny Sun's Love Letter to Pyramids, Out Now 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting 'Rise of the Goblins' Content Based on 'We Be Goblins' Action-Packed 'Laser Kitty Pow Pow' Looking for Testers in Our Forums Magic Realist Point-and-Click Adventure 'Memoranda' Coming to Mobile YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Login All Reviews Editorials News Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Tips macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Podcasts TMO Background Mode Encore Interview with Science Communicator Dr. Kiki Sanford Courts and Divulging Passcodes, Essential Home - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-30 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 30th, 2017 10:08 AM EDT | News Apple’s 15-inch Touch Bar MacBook Pro has become hard to come by and its current shipping times may be a hint that new models will be introduced at the company’s Worldwide Developer Conference next week. Right now Apple’s online store is showing the laptop as shipping no earlier than June 5, which is the first day of the event. Shipping delays may mean new Touch Bar MacBook Pro models coming at WWDC WWDC is Apple’s annual event where Mac, iOS, Apple Watch, and Apple TV developers meet with the company’s own engineers and learn more about coding for the platforms. Apple kicks off the multi-day conference with a keynote presentation showing off features from the next OS releases, and occasionally uses the event to unveil new hardware, too. Rumors have been saying Apple will refresh the Touch Bar MacBook Pro at WWDC. The new model is expected to use Intel’s Kaby Lake chipset and support more than 16 GB RAM. The Touch Bar models were introduced in October 2016, so this will be a faster than usual refresh cycle. Other rumors claim Apple will introduce its Siri-based countertop voice assistant appliance to compete with Amazon’s Echo. A brand new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, along with updates for the MacBook Air and 12-inch MacBook are reportedly coming, too. That’s a lot to introduce, especially since Apple also needs time to show off macOS 10.13, iOS 11, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11. Either Apple isn’t introducing all of the rumored hardware products, or Monday’s keynote will be really long. The Mac Observer will be on location in San Jose for this year’s WWDC and the keynote event. Be sure to stick around for our keynote and conference coverage throughout the week. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: MacBook Pro, Touch Bar, wwdc2017 You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh GOP, Businesses Want to Spam Your Voicemail Without Calling Your Phone Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail 2 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick May 30, 2017 If new MacBook Pros are announced I hope that when it comes to RAM and storage that they throw more than just a bone to the Professionals. May 30, 2017 at 10:48 EDT AM JonGl May 30, 2017 I sense another Mac IIvx fiasco coming on… May 30, 2017 at 11:57 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.67 +0.06 (0.04%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 Brings New Wallpapers to iPad Pro MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Recent Tips See All » macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17946 Jeff Gamet news 2 1496138903 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious | Main May 30, 2017 Andy Rubin's 'Phone' was Unveiled today and he'll be talking about it Tonight with Mossberg at the Code Conference     In January Patently Apple posted a report titled "A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year." Our report covered Foxconn's investment in Essential Products Inc., as well as the trademark and patent filings by Essential.   The new smartphone by Essential was rumored to be launching on May 30 and indeed it has in the form of officially unveiling it. The new smartphone called the "Phone" will launch later this summer for US$700.   Andy Rubin, the man behind the new smartphone and creator of Android, will be interviewed by Mossberg tonight at the Code conference at 6 p.m. PT to talk-up the new smartphone. You could watch it live tonight as noted below.     Essential Phone has an impressive screen which extends almost to the bottom of the phone where it does meet a thin bezel. The display oddly wraps around their selfie cam which sits at top-center of the phone. There are two camera lenses on the back, a 13-megapixel color lens and a second monochrome lens and they're flush with the back panel, something I wish Apple could reproduce.   The display measures 5.7 inches and has a 2560 x 1312 pixel resolution, with a 19:10 aspect ratio which differs from both the Samsung S8 and LG G6 smartphones which provide an 18:9 aspect ratio. The 'Phone' uses a Snapdragon 835 processor with 4GB of RAM powers the device, and 128GB internal storage is on hand for media.   The 'Phone' offers a backside fingerprint sensor that looks like the iPhone 8's back side images that we've seen to date. The 'Phone's is made of titanium and ceramic material, something that Apple has recently shown an interest in, according to a recent patent filing..   The power button and volume controls are on the right hand side of the new Essential 'Phone which also uses a 3040mAh battery with fast-charging keeping the phone powered up. Other specifications include Bluetooth 5.0, a USB Type-C port, and a wide range of international 4G LTE band support.   World's smallest 360-Degree Camera Accessory   One of the cool accessories for the Essential 'Phone' is their inexpensive 360-Degree camera as noted below. It's something you'd think Apple would have done. While we'll have to wait for a review of this new accessory for the 'Phone' – on the surface it's a great idea to bring to market.   The camera reportedly attaches to the back side of the 'Phone' using magnets. The camera has two 12-megapixel lenses that can shoot 4K resolution, 30fps video and four microphones capture sound in 3D. Support for live streaming will be included, too.   The camera, if ordered with the phone only costs $50 but $200 if purchased separately. If it really works, that's a sweet deal for a 360-Degree camera for the phone. Then again, it's awfully bulky (see photo below) and not as slick as they make it out to be in the previous photo above.   Essential also got their message out before Apple's WWDC that they'll offer another accessory called the 'Essential Home' which is a speaker with a voice assistant for the home that offers a round display on the top surface.   In a Wired article today, Jason Keats, the company's head of product architecture said that if Essential took off and sells 50 million units in its first quarter on the market that they'd be totally screwed. Essential simply cannot produce that many phones. That's the point. Keats added that "We've gone after technologies and methods of manufacturing that aren't designed to support 50 million devices." Keaton wants Essential to think like a high-end watchmaker, not a commodity gadget builder.   The Wired article provides those that are interested in Essential Products with a little company background and overview.   One More Thing   Another product that will launch later this summer is the company's Phone dock as illustrated below. Their new dock Features a pair of magnetic pins on the back of the device, this so-called Click cordless connector will hook up to Essential's 360-degree camera and its Essential Phone Dock (pictured below). The same magnetic connector used for the phone is used in securing the 'Phone' to the new dock.   The concept sound like the smart connectivity idea that was rumored for the iPhone 8 as noted below.   Of course we're months away from a head to toe review of the new Essential 'Phone' but in the end it's just another Android Phone yet one that could hurt Samsung, LG and others in the U.S. market. Between Google's Pixel phone and now the Essential 'Phone' it's bound to hurt foreign Android brands. One thing for sure, it's not going to ding the iPhone in any way, so we can cheer on Rubin's new phone if it weakens Samsung, the company that most Apple fans despise.   Lastly, if you have the time, remember to tune into the Mossberg interview tonight either on our site or on YouTube that may reveal another twist or two about the 'Phone' or other plans that Essential Products may have up their sleeve.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.           Posted by Jack Purcher on May 30, 2017 at 11:04 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads Apple Granted 41 Patents Today Covering a Head Mounted Display, Advancements for Apple TV with Siri and more Asus introduced their new ZenBook Pro at Computex to get ahead of Apple's MacBook Refresh Next Monday Microsoft continues to work on a Folding Smartphone while Samsung Wins Patent for a Scrollable Phone or Mobile TV Steve Wozniak, Guest Speaker at Montreal's C2 Trade Show, Talks about Apple, Siri, AI and more in Interview Former Apple Creative Director who left to work at Huawei is now starting her own Company called 'Abalone' Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Trending: Undervalued Stocks Video Games Infographics Dividends Famous Investors Green Ideas List Categories All Analysis & Opinions Hedge Funds Lists In The News Stock Picks & Lists Tech Lists Infographics Whats Hot Popular Articles Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World's Richest Countries? The Morning Hype: U.N Says Tobacco Industry Should Pay for Harming the Environment, the One State Where Coal Consumption Increased, and Where in the World is Trump's Budget? Mass Customization Is The Future Of Retail My Portfolio   HOME > Investment Ideas > Tech Lists Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World’s Richest Countries? Posted:05/30/17 By:Benzinga Comments(0) | Add a comment Research  these Stocks on Kapitall’s Playground Now   research now by: Brett Hershman, Benzinga Staff Writer   Maybe the Occupy Wall Street movement was looking to the wrong coast all along. A recent Bank of America Corp BAC/Merrill Lynch report titled "Occupy Silicon Valley" shows that tech firms Apple Inc. AAPL and Alphabet Inc GOOG GOOGL valuations are higher than the GDP of every U.S. city besides Los Angeles and New York, and Apple is quickly gaining on L.A. While these figures do not mean these companies are actually worth more than those cities, it does present a relevant conversation about the sheer size and influence these firms have. Apple and Google essentially operate as their own countries, with massive power; their decisions have huge implications on the market and how citizens operate, communicate and conduct daily lives. Here at Benzinga, we wanted to take it a step further and see how these two tech giants stack up against countries worldwide, comparing Market Cap against GDP.     Apple And Google Vs. The World (Figures In Millions) Apple’s market cap is current just north of $796 billion, which would put it as the 17th most valuable country in the world, just ahead of the Netherlands, when compared to current World Bank data on global GDP. Google would rank as the 19th most valuable country in the world, ahead of international finance hub Switzerland, at a $672 billion valuation. Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN would rank as the 25th biggest country in the world, just behind Poland, with a $467 billion market cap. While these are not apples-to-apples comparisons, it is the best way to gauge the sheer size the tech industry has amassed in the United States. With the presidency now hosting non-traditional and political amateur Donald Trump in the Oval Office, maybe Tim Cook — with his breadth of experience, financial prowess and general popularity — will capitalize and run for president in 2020.   © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website most recent most read Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World's Richest Countries? Posted 05/30/17 The Morning Hype: U.N Says Tobacco Industry Should Pay for Harming the Environment, the One State Where Coal Consumption Increased, and Where in the World is Trump's Budget? Posted 05/30/17 Mass Customization Is The Future Of Retail Posted 05/26/17 The Morning Hype: Kushner Feels the Heat from the FBI, Kodak's Camera-Phone, and GM Sued for Possible Emissions Cheating Posted 05/26/17 Venerable Sports Car Maker Lotus Sold To Chinese Billionaire Posted 05/25/17 The Morning Hype: Trumpcare Scores Horribly with CBO, Cannabis as a Treatment for Seizures, and the World's Largest Public Companies Posted 05/25/17 Winners And Losers From Trump's $4 Trillion Budget Proposal Posted 05/24/17 The Morning Hype: Uber Underpaid Drivers in NYC, Taiwan Legalizes Same-Sex Marriage, and Google Wants to Track Your In-Store Purchases Posted 05/24/17 Fear Of Facing Town Halls Pushing Senate Republicans To Pass 'Trumpcare' Before Summer Recess Posted 05/23/17 next prev Winners And Losers From Trump's $4 Trillion Budget Proposal Posted 05/24/17 The Morning Hype: Ford CEO is Out, Facebook Content Guidelines Leak, and Cuomo Hits Up Trump for Train Repairs Posted 05/22/17 Brazil Is No Stranger To Corruption: What Trump And The US Can Learn Posted 05/19/17 The Morning Hype: Sweden Drops Charges on Assange, U.S to Sell Beef in China, and Google's Super Chat Posted 05/19/17 Why Does Amazon Want To Get Into Pharmacy? Posted 05/18/17 The Morning Hype: Facebook's $122MN Fine, A New Global Cyberattack, and GM Shuts Down Operations in Two Countries Posted 05/18/17 The Morning Hype: Trumpcare Scores Horribly with CBO, Cannabis as a Treatment for Seizures, and the World's Largest Public Companies Posted 05/25/17 Fear Of Facing Town Halls Pushing Senate Republicans To Pass 'Trumpcare' Before Summer Recess Posted 05/23/17 Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World's Richest Countries? Posted 05/30/17 next prev Most Popular Infographics A Savvy Investor's Guide to New Year's Resolutions Posted 12/30/13 Infographic: Thanksgiving Investing Ideas for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Posted 11/25/13 Infographic: Next Gen Gaming with New Xbox One and PS4 Consoles Posted 11/11/13 Infographic: OktoberFest's Staggering Stats Posted 10/09/13 Infographic: Solar Industry Shines Bright Posted 04/17/13 Infographic: 5 Digital Trends in Manufacturing Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Gun Business Under Fire Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Decline of Big Beer and the Rise of Craft Brews Posted 02/01/13 Infographic: Despite Low Ticket Sales the Silver Screen is Going Strong Posted 01/25/13 next prev Kapitall’s Top Lists Today's Top Gainers View & Trade This List ► Solar Stocks View & Trade This List ► Cloud Computing View & Trade This List ► Mobile Web Stocks View & Trade This List ► High Dividend View & Trade This List ►   Backstage become a fan follow us   ABOUT KAPITALL WIRE Kapitall Wire, which is not a broker/dealer, offers free cutting edge investing ideas, lively commentary and timely analysis of companies enhanced by interactive tools. The site's content is intended for educational information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, LLC., and its affiliate companies. Kapitall Wire is brought to you by Kapitall, a revolutionary investing platform that makes it as easy as drag and drop to trade stocks. Investment Ideas Infographics Kapitall Wire Team Join Now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Second tvOS 10.2.2 beta for Apple TV rolling out Zac Hall - May. 30th 2017 10:07 am PT @apollozac Apple TV tvOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the second tvOS 10.2.2 beta for Apple TV. The new tvOS beta allows developers who are registered with Apple’s developer program to test their apps on the upcoming software update for Apple TV. Sony A6500 tvOS 10.2.2 beta follows the release of tvOS 10.2.1 which was released to all users previously. Both updates focus on bug fixes and security improvements and not new features. We’ll update if any release notes are provided for the new software update. Note that some developers may be seeing the update fail for now, but the issue will presumably be resolved shortly. For a look at recent changes to tvOS, check out our hands-on video below: For more on tvOS, check out these stories: First sign of next-gen Apple TV running tvOS 11 purportedly appears in developer logs WWDC Wishlist: How Apple TV could improve with tvOS 11 Rumor claims Apple TV to add multi-user login and Picture-in-Picture video with tvOS 11 Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple TV View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of tvOS 10.2.2 to Developers Tuesday May 30, 2017 10:01 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2.2 update to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after releasing the first beta of tvOS 10.2.2 and a little over two weeks after releasing tvOS 10.2.1, a minor bug fix update. tvOS 10.2.2 is available for the fourth-generation Apple TV. Registered developers can download the update by connecting the Apple TV to a computer with a USB-C cable and installing the beta software using iTunes. Due to the installation requirements, tvOS betas are only available for developers, so tvOS 10.2.2 will not be publicly available until the final version of the software is released. No major feature changes or bug fixes were discovered in the first beta of tvOS 10.2.2, and it appears to focus on minor under-the-hood improvements. tvOS 10 will soon be followed by a new version of tvOS, which Apple is expected to introduce at its Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) 9 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) vertical smile 9 hours ago at 02:42 pm Multiple users would only be needed to keep watch lists from blending into one as it currently does. Right now even though Netflix and Hulu have individually user accounts. All the stuff my kids watch gets jumbled into the TV app. Annoying. One iTunes account. 1 app authentication. Multiple watch lists. Unless I am misunderstanding, I agree with you. Although, I think there are other things that having multiple user profiles could help, one being there should be a way to toggle multiple Game Center accounts without having to logout of one. Interesting. It's hard to draw the line as to what is user vs device specific. I agree. I know that a lot of people would like a multiple user accounts on a particular device, similar to working on a Mac, and maybe I would like that too, but I think it wouldn't be needed on a device like the ATV. Rating: 1 Votes 2010mini 14 hours ago at 10:27 am Multiple users for tvOS 11 please. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is... 87 comments Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event 13 hours ago on Front Page Ahead of the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, set to kick off on Monday, June 5, Apple has updated its official WWDC app for the event, introducing several new features and a revamped look. ... 39 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta and a little over two weeks following the release of iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug... 46 comments Intel's Upcoming Coffee Lake Processors Up to 30% Faster Than Kaby Lake Chips Coming to Mac Notebooks 16 hours ago on Front Page Intel today said one of its eighth-generation "Coffee Lake" processors delivered more than a 30 percent performance boost over an equivalent seventh-generation "Kaby Lake" processor... 247 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 2 days ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 450 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 158 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 2 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 68 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 139 comments • macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS (332) • Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices (106) • This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad (109) • TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display (222) • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (144) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (293) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (122)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Pokemon GO' Legendary Pokemon and Player Battles Probably Coming this Summer New 'Wonder Woman' Cards Added to 'Injustice 2' Today 'Yankai's Peak' is Kenny Sun's Love Letter to Pyramids, Out Now 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting 'Rise of the Goblins' Content Based on 'We Be Goblins' Action-Packed 'Laser Kitty Pow Pow' Looking for Testers in Our Forums Magic Realist Point-and-Click Adventure 'Memoranda' Coming to Mobile YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation WKRP in DC: Live Turkeys Fire Bombing the Economy Share on Facebook Share on Twitter WKRP in DC: Live Turkeys Fire Bombing the Economy Posted at 11:41 am on May 30, 2017 by Seton Motley Share on Facebook Share on Twitter “WKRP in Cincinnati” is a fantastic legacy television show – about a 1970s rock-and-roll radio station. And perhaps its most famous episode – is “Turkeys Away.” (God bless the Internet – here is a thirty-second clipped summary thereof.) WKRP general manager Arthur Carlson decides as a Thanksgiving promotion to drop live turkeys from a helicopter on a strip mall. Because he is somehow unaware that these particular fowl – are flightless. So basically he – as disc jockey Johnny Fever described it – “firebombed with live turkeys” the mall and everyone there. Newsman Les Nessman returns from the debacle – and describes what subsequently happened: “Then Mr. Carlson had the helicopter land in the middle of the parking lot. I guess he thought he could save the day by turning the rest of the turkeys loose. It gets pretty strange after that….I really don’t know how to describe it. It was like the turkeys mounted a counter-attack. It was almost as if they were… organized.” In Washington, D.C. – the Turkeys are most certainly organized. And have been for s VERY long time. And the American free market economy – is under constant arial assault therefrom. You’re a DC Turkey – if you can’t get by without government. Or can – but don’t want to, because it’s just easier to have government place its giant thumb on your side of the scale. And many such corporate Turkeys – are willing to bribe the government Turkeys to get them to apply the digit. Behold – Cronyism. Add up the elected officials, the bureaucrats and the very many Cronies – and DC is one giant Turkey coop. And a $4-trillion-a-year federal government budget – funds a LOT of bird feed. We’ve certainly seen much evidence of DC Turkey-Crony Organization since the presidential election of Donald Trump. Trump pledged to “Drain the Swamp” – i.e. Empty the Coop – and ever since the Birds have been striking back. And Les Nessman thought what he saw was horrific. It’s like a terrible, very boring remake of Alfred Hitchcock’s flick. But this nonsense way predates November. We just barely escaped from eight years of the pronounced Turkey-Crony Organization of the Barack Obama Administration. Obama, Inc. spent the entirety of its existence – on the auction block to the highest Leftist bidders. This was the Google Administration. This administration was a Pez Dispenser of awful, crony, anti-capitalism government actions – all to benefit their Crony Turkeys. Trending Kathy Griffin Apologizes for Grotesque Image of Beheaded Trump Amelia Hamilton One of the other biggest Turkey-Crony beneficiaries – was Apple. You know, that tiny little $800 billion company – that really needs as much government assistance as they can muster. (Note: that was sarcasm.) A couple of years ago, Apple declared war on Qualcomm – and enlisted the Obama Administration to aid in the assault. Qualcomm had the audacity to invent the fundamental components of what makes an iPhone an iPhone – and then charge Apple to use them. To which Apple strenuously objects. Without Qualcomm’s inventions, Apple’s iPhone – is just a very shiny, very skinny telephone. No Internet connection. No email. No apps. No videos. None of any and everything that makes the iPhone – worth the at least $750 per Apple charges us. For making that $750 minimum charge possible, Qualcomm charges Apple…less than $20 per phone. Get that? For all of the essential intelligent guts combined – Qualcomm charges Apple less than 3% of what Apple charges us. Apple charges us that much – for one USB power adaptor. And Apple doesn’t want to pay even that. Even though they signed contracts – agreeing to pay that. So now Apple has sued Qualcomm. And has unilaterally, preemptively declared that they won’t pay Qualcomm the tiny fraction of what they charge us. They’ll keep making the iPhones. They’ll keep charging us nearly $1,000 per for them. They just won’t pay Qualcomm for making the whole process possible. And all along the way – the Obama Administration Turkeys were helping Apple destroy the next generation of all things iPhone. And by extension – all things economy. And on their way out the door – they took two even worse, more damaging steps. Obama Administration Antitrust Enforcers Take Last-Minute IP Licensing Actions: “(A) lawsuit brought by the FTC (Federal Trade Commission) against Qualcomm, reveals the views of at least the Obama Administration’s FTC about the licensing of standard-essential patents (SEPs)….IP (Intellectual Property) owners should be aware of the limits – revealed in these two recent actions and other enforcement activities – that antitrust law can place on IP licensing.” Please forgive this site’s legalese. It’s a law firm. Translation: This is a bunch of Obama Turkeys using government – to aid Crony Turkey Apple. By suing Qualcomm – just like Apple. Because too many lawyers – is never enough. But “two recent actions” were cited. The second – is worse still: “The DOJ (Department of Justice) and FTC on Jan. 13, 2017 released the new Antitrust Guidelines for the Licensing of Intellectual Property, updating the Guidelines’ original version issued by the agencies in 1995. The Guidelines articulate general enforcement policies of the agencies with respect to the licensing of patents, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how “’to assist those who need to predict whether the [a]gencies will challenge a practice as anticompetitive.’” Again, the legalese. What these Obama changes do – is declare a brand new government war on IP. Via antitrust law. Which is a novel, totally terrible idea. Here – and all over the rest of the global market planet. We will explore the entirety of that international awfulness at a slightly later date. The point to be made now is this: If Qualcomm – if anyone who invents anything – can’t get paid for their inventions today, there won’t be any inventions tomorrow. At all. Anymore. Ever. Because the money for invention – will have been government-ed away. So the incentive to invent – will also have been government-ed away. Because humans are humans – and humans generally do not like to work for free. So we’ll very quickly end up looking like Cuba (because today’s technology ages so much more rapidly). Using ancient things that were once really cool – but that are now barely functional, and held together with chewing gum and baling wire. The key component of the Information Economy – is the information. If gigantic governments team with gigantic companies to end payment to the Information creators – the creators stop creating, and the entire economy collapses. These Turkeys firebombing the marketplace – will very quickly destroy the marketplace. That’s an inconceivably shortsighted way for $800-billion-Apple – to try to save $20. To paraphrase WKRP’s Arthur Carlson: “As God as my witness – I knew these Turkeys couldn’t fly.” Apple certainly should. So should we all. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: apple Business & Economy crony capitalism crony socialism Cronyism Democrats Economy fair trade Free Trade Front Page Stories Google Government innovation act Law Michelle Lee News Patent patent act patent and trade office Patent Troll Patents Policy Politics private property private property rights Qualcomm Republicans trade United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO Recent Stories The De-Spectacled Ben Jacobs Sees His Eyewear Become Museum Curated Brad Slager In Their Zeal To Have A Gotcha Moment, Fox News Blows It On Criticism of NY Times Jay Caruso Democrats: Stay Out of Our Bedrooms…Now Let US In, and Drop Your Shorts Brad Slager COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Dennis Prager Calls Anti Trump Conservatives to War; I'll Remain a Conscientious Objector, Thanks Bill O'Reilly Makes a Prediction About the Future of Fox News How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory In Their Zeal To Have A Gotcha Moment, Fox News Blows It On Criticism of NY Times BREAKING: Huge Blast Near U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan (Updated: Photos Show Devastation) Kathy Griffin Apologizes for Grotesque Image of Beheaded Trump Amelia Hamilton Dennis Prager Calls Anti Trump Conservatives to War; I’ll Remain a Conscientious Objector, Thanks Jim Jamitis RedState’s WaterCooler, Evening Edition! Tuesday, 5/30/2017 – Open Thread – US to North Korea: “Back Off!” earhartam Bill O’Reilly Makes a Prediction About the Future of Fox News Teri Christoph Trump Should Resume the Airline Price Transparency Request Neil Stevens How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory streiff Related Stories WKRP in DC: Live Turkeys Fire Bombing the Economy Seton Motley Trump Downplays Any Russia Involvement in Election, Recklessly Implies Russians Capable of Laughter Joe Cunningham Trending on Townhall Media Page not found | Human Events humanevents.com SALE OF THE CENTURY: St. Louis Police Just Announced The Sale of These AWESOME Vintage Firearms bearingarms.com SCOTUS Overturns 9th Circuit 8-0 redstate.com Having exhausted every other line of attack, New Republic writer goes after Trump because of Diet Co twitchy.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X April 30, 2016 AAPL: 100.35 -0.06 How-To: Find your MacBook’s battery cycle count and learn what it means about its battery life Jeff Benjamin - Apr. 30th 2016 8:01 am PT @JeffBenjam Mac MacBook Pro How To OS X battery Comments (30) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Recently I noticed that my Late 2013 MacBook Pro with Retina Display seemed to be dying at a faster clip. Naturally, I assumed that the battery might be going bad. After checking the battery cycle count, I learned that I was probably wrong about the battery being bad, as the cycle count was still well within the normal life span of my MacBook. Here’s how I was able to verify that everything was okay with my MacBook’s battery. The best wireless keyboard for the Mac? How to check your MacBook battery’s cycle count Step 1: Hold the Option (⌥) key and click the Apple () logo in the upper left-hand corner. Step 2: Click System Information. Step 3: Under Hardware on the left side of the System Information page, click Power. Step 4: Under the Battery Information header, find Health Information and check the Cycle Count. As you can see from the screenshot below, my battery cycle count is resting at 466. How to verify if your MacBook’s battery is still within its normal lifespan Under Cycle Count below the Health Information section, you should see a Condition section. There, you can learn the current condition of your MacBook’s battery. In the screenshot above, you’ll see that my battery’s current condition is normal. More importantly, you’ll want to visit Apple’s support document regarding battery life and battery cycle counts. It is here that you can learn about the actual battery count cycle figures that allow you to determine if your battery is still good. For instance, my Late 2013 MacBook Pro with Retina Display can go 1,000 battery cycles before it is deemed to be consumed. Even then, it might still be possible to use the MacBook like normal, you’ll just need to expect degraded battery performance. I’m pretty impressed that my MacBook’s battery can last 1,000 cycles. That might not seem like a lot on paper, but I’ve had this MacBook for several years, and I feel like I’ve charged it a million times. Still, this particular unit is sitting at only 466 cycles, which is less than half of the maximum life expectancy of its battery. How battery cycle counts are determined A battery cycle is the time it takes for a battery to go from 100% to 0%. That process could span multiple days. The important thing to keep in mind is that a battery cycle happens when you use all of the battery’s power. As Apple explains, it could span multiple days before a battery cycle elapses. This is why you may have powered and charged your MacBook a thousand times, while your MacBook’s battery only has a few hundred cycles to its name. If it turns out that your MacBook’s battery cycle count is past its maximum capacity, then a quick appointment with the Genius bar at the Apple Store can get you a replacement battery if necessary. And if you’re having battery issues but not at the max cycle count, you might be able to get the problem diagnosed and fixed under warranty. Jeff Benjamin @JeffBenjam Jeff leads 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel — editing and producing tech videos, walkthroughs, how-tos, written tutorials and reviews. He takes pride in being able to explain things in a simple, clear and concise manner. Favorite Gear 2016 MacBook Pro Final Cut Pro X Panasonic GH5 Guides Mac View THe Guide MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide How To A collection of tutorials from the 9to5Mac team helping you fix and get the most out of your Mac and iOS devices. View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. crisrod63 - 1 year ago Reply I guess I am doing pretty good. I had my Macbook Pro for a little bit less than a year and it only has 13 cycles used. Mr. T (@t87) - 1 year ago Reply Not really, since that basically means you are keeping your MacBook on charge (plugged in) too often. This is bad for the Li-ion battery because the electrons in it need to move more frequently. Ryan Coleman - 1 year ago Also not really because the computers have amazingly intelligent charging circuits and that’s not a major concern anymore. applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply I checked that a month ago and it was at 1423 for a 4.5 year old 17 inch Macbook Pro. Battery lasts 4 hours on normal usage, 1.5 hours with heavy usage such. Jim Becker - 1 year ago Reply I believe it only counts full cycles which doesn’t tell the whole story. There are lots of apps which will give you more information including battery capacity which is much more diagnostic than cycles. Also, it’s pretty easy to replace your battery yourself. I did it for my MacBook Air and believe me I am no technical whiz kid. Jim tonywmd23 - 1 year ago Reply My 3-year-old retina pro 15″ counts in at 130 cycles.. It’s unbelievable regarding how intensely I use it! I practically use it plugged in all the time though. Compared to my last laptop, which was a SONY Vaio with an almost completely dead battery after 2-3 years, I’d say kudos Macintosh. applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply I had a Vaio from 2009 to 2011 and in 2011 the battery lasted for 25mins. tops. I swear this is true. Just ridiculous. Joe Smithee - 1 day ago My favorite old Vaio was so worn out the battery would not last long enough for the machine to boot it. Chase - 1 year ago Reply you can also download battery monitor to easily access the various battery information. Christopher Armenia - 1 year ago Reply I use an app called Coconut Battery. It pulls all that data and shows % of design capacity the battery is still charging up to. You can also plug iOS devices in and run the same report on those devices and save all the tests in history to track them over time. francoborgo - 1 year ago Reply from https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT204054 If the cycle count on a battery exceeds its expected limit, the battery is considered consumed. and from http://www.apple.com/batteries/service-and-recycling/ Your battery is designed to retain up to 80% of its original capacity at 1000 complete charge cycles. so after 1000 cycle on MacBook, the battery is considered consumed but still hold 80% of it’s original capacity Doug Aalseth - 1 year ago Reply 923 cycles on my 2012 MacBook Pro. Still working fine. Of course I’ve always made a point to not leave it plugged in all the time. I charge it, use it down to less than 10% and then charge it. I still get ~3-3.5 hours per charge. Howie Isaacks - 1 year ago Reply Have you guys ever thought about taking a can of compressed air and blowing out the dust and particles before taking a photo of the innards of a Mac? Good post though. Ilko Sarafski - 1 year ago Reply What if we don’t have Apple Store within 500km or so? (And it’s not even in our country) As others noted, there are many 3rd party apps that show much more. This article sounds more like for someone who is not a tech savvy or whatever. But anyway! P.s. Cycles don’t mean shit usually! shareef777 - 1 year ago Reply I call BS on the 1000 cycle count. I’m at 750 cycles on my 2012 rMBP and don’t get 50% the time I used to be able to get when the machine was new. pdixon1986 - 1 year ago Reply That’s not useful — you also need to maintain a healthy battery which means periodically going through a cycle to ‘exercise’ the battery – otherwise it will lose efficiency regardless of the count and status. Matthew Fox - 1 year ago Reply Diagnosing at the Apple Store is always free. It’s just the service that needs a warranty or AppleCare to be free! Oh my rmbp I got a p004 error on Apple diagnostics but it passes on OS X and their official genus bar test The article should of mentioned you shouid also run Apple hardware test , with the power adapter plugged in to check the battery condition Matthew Fox - 1 year ago Reply There are sometimes where OS X won’t detect a battey error and sometimes where hardware test will detect an error. Anthony Forchielli - 1 year ago Reply 897 cycles and it says needs service. I guess i have to look into how much this costs. i have a mid 2012 rMBP 15″ that i use pretty non stop. The computer won’t wake if the battery is under 30 percent. still get okay life out of it, but i’m betting i’m just used to it. darwiniandude - 1 year ago Reply These machines are fast. They can drain the battery super quick under load, even when new. The secret to long battery life is allowing more idle (or close to idle) time. Do not use Chrome. Use Safari. Normally a couple of extra hours there. But check other apps too, activity monitor, energy or CPU tabs. darwiniandude - 1 year ago Reply Eg on the Retina MacBook, 3.5 hours more battery when using Safari over Chrome http://www.theverge.com/2015/4/10/8381447/chrome-macbook-battery-life modeyabsolom - 1 year ago Reply I’ve had my 13″ rMBP since late 2013 and I’ve only used 25 cycles. Which actually seems a lot to me because apart from a handful of times (and that’s pushing it!) I’ve never use my laptop on battery power, its always plugged into the mains…oh yes there was that time I took it abroad for a couple of weeks and a few others when I’m out of the house for a few days and hide it away…but then its turned off. Liam Deckham - 1 year ago Reply Great article! For whatever reason, I always plug in my MB Pro 2014 – so my cycle count is 2 – Wonder if that is a good thing? mytawalbeh - 1 year ago Reply For proper maintenance of a lithium-based battery, it’s important to keep the electrons in it moving occasionally. Apple does not recommend leaving your portable plugged in all the time. Liam Deckham - 1 year ago @mytawalbeh – Thank you! Frank Levy - 1 year ago Reply I learned a useful point from the Genius Bar: My 2013 Macbook Air was rapidly loosing charge (despite a battery in good condition) because my large Dropbox folder was constantly syncing and the syncing was drawing a large amount of power. To preserve operating time, sync the Dropbox periodically, leaving sync off the rest of the time. davmendmar - 1 year ago Reply My MacBook Pro is supposed to be able to undergo 1000 battery cycles but it’s been asking for a battery repair at least since it arrived 300 cycles. It’s currently sitting at 550 cycles and has 60% of its design capacity. Still an impressive battery life for a 2010 laptop, being able to easily resist 4 hours of light use on a single charge when most computers of the time weren’t able to survive for 3 hours when new, but far from the 1000 cycles promise I read when I bought it. And I know I’m not the only one. Nowadays it may be better, but I don’t know a single person who bought a MacBook Pro like mine whose battery resisted the 1000 cycle mark. pankaj garg (@gargpankaj) - 1 year ago Reply My Experience with “Genus” Bar: Our “genius” takes 3 days to replace the battery. All your data may get lost in the process so please take the backup. Went to http://www.theapplerepairs.in/, they replace with original parts (which even apple store doesnt – read more about it on their site) and handed the air back to me in under 10 mins. Its idiot bar i think.. Rick Park (@rickpark000) - 10 months ago Reply If my battery count is 18, does that mean its good? Is it the lower the better or the higher the better? Someone please explain. Jillian Liu - 4 months ago Reply I am wondering whether it’s possible for the charge cycle count to be wrong. I had my Macbook Pro battery replaced by a local laptop repair company, and upon return the charge cycle on the “new” battery is 164! Now, I realize that I made a bad move, because this particular repair shop is not Apple Certified, but I have a sinking suspicion that I’ve been duped. Any advice? Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X October 28, 2014 Apple faces class-action lawsuit over 2011 MacBook Pro GPU issues 9to5 Staff - Oct. 28th 2014 1:54 pm PT Mac MacBook Pro Apple Graphics GPU Comments (162) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following a petition with thousands of signatures related to GPU complaints, Apple has been named a defendant in a new class-action lawsuit filed against the Cupertino-based company in the United States District Court for Northern California over system failures and graphical issues affecting 2011 MacBook Pros. The class-action lawsuit was filed by Kentucky-based law firm Whitfield Bryson & Mason on behalf of plaintiffs Zachary Book, Donald Cowart, and John Manners, a trio of individuals that accuse Apple of failing to rectify the graphical issues that have affected both 15-inch and 17-inch MacBook Pro models released in 2011. The lawsuit covers California and Florida residents that purchased an affected MacBook Pro model between approximately February 2011 and May 2012. According to court documents, the issue stems from a defective AMD GPU that did not function correctly because of lead-free soldering that caused short circuiting among other problems. MacBook Pro models that were affected by this problem would often have visual banding or malfunctions on the screen, especially when users were performing highly intensive tasks like watching high-resolution videos or using multimedia programs like the Adobe Creative Suite, Final Cut Pro and similar software. Apple did offer a free video card replacement on some mid-2011 iMacs exhibiting similar symptoms, though the cards in the MacBook Pro are different, and recalls as a whole are rare. The most recent was in August, when Apple offered free battery replacements for some iPhone 5 models that were deemed to have defective batteries. The lawsuit alleges that Apple has failed to reimburse customers that were forced to pay for out-of-warranty repairs that could cost between $350 to $600 to fix the GPU issues. The legal filing also accuses Apple of largely ignoring customers that have complained, even those that attempted to reach out directly to CEO Tim Cook. Apple has yet to comment on this lawsuit and, given that it generally remains tight lipped on matters such as these, it might not ever provide any official word regarding the case. Nevertheless, we’ve reached out to Apple for comment and we will update this post if we hear anything back. Whitfield Bryson & Mason is examining this issue further and there is a possibility that legal action could extend beyond the jurisdictions of California and Florida. Any of our readers with a 2011 MacBook Pro affected by this GPU issue? 9to5 Staff Guides Mac View THe Guide MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide Apple View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. « Older Comments Louis Veillette - 3 years ago Reply I have that problem too, and not only once, but twice! When my Macbook first died of premature death, roughly a month before the end of my extended AppleCare. Luckily, Apple Repaired it, but it died again, of exactly the same problem, about 3 weeks ago. What caused me to wonder at first was the fact that all my other Macbooks before that one have lasted more than 5 years, and in fact, that’s why I used to be happy to pay a premium to buy Apple gear. Although, I feel it might not be worth it anymore. And then, just last week, one of my friend also lost a similar macbook from exactly the same problem. And since, like me, he’s now out of waranty, we both had to buy new computers. How can we get in this class action ? Can we do so, even if we live in Canada? Tessy Fuller - 2 years ago Reply http://mbp2011.org/ Tom Keefer - 3 years ago Reply I Have this EXACT Problem! The pictures I see on this post its what my 2011 15” Macbook Pro is doing. Thought it was toast so I bought a New MBP! If I could get this 2011 fixed I could sell it and apply it to my VISA Bill! I live in Washington State, can I get in on this……Please Anil Mandava (@akmandava) - 3 years ago Reply I’ve the same exact problem. I hope Apple responds and fixes this issue. If not, this would be my last Apple product ever. Lori LeLoo Barton - 2 years ago Reply Same here. My 2011 MacBook Pro died earlier this year. Screen is colored snow. I’ve gone back to using an old Dell laptop who’s screen is also fading away. I want this fixed or to be reimbursed. I might swear off of Mac and iPhone. Lori LeLoo Barton - 2 years ago Reply P.S. I’m in Wisconsin. Eileen Walsh - 2 years ago Reply How do I find information on joining lawsuit? I just replaced my logic board and within a few months, I am starting to have screen abnormalities that led to having the part replaced. I live in NYS. Krystian Borkowski - 2 years ago Reply Hi, Is it possible to find an information about a result of this lawsuit? Rman Coolpix - 2 years ago Reply i have this Macbook pro, “MacBook Pro (17-inch, Early 2011) Graphich :Intel HD Graphics 3000 384 MB” i had Mavericks working very well, i upgraded it to Yosemite a few mins ago, and i saw the same crash, i restarted and started searching for the reason, and i’m here now. I really need your advises about what should i do now? will it happen again? can i live with that? like it happens times to times but wont destroy my macbook? what if i install mavericks again? i’m scared i don’t want to lose my macbook and i don’t have access to any AppleStore cause i live in IRAN-tehran now. Please kindly guid me if anyone know about this. thank you Arman Safaei email : thefinag @ gmail .com Roni Aharon - 2 years ago Reply Unbelievable, I had no idea, it cost me $534 to fix my macbook and downtime of one week. Now after repairing it in August I have similar issue since I switched to Yosemite. I was sure my Mac graphic card failed gain. Victor DeejayRid Gutierrez - 2 years ago Reply I have that same problem and it started when my Macbook automatically updated from 10.9.2 to 10.9.5. Omg my Macbook was working flawlessly before that update. Now I have to turn off automatic graphic switching as a temporary fix but just recently even with that my screen will turn black and freeze and restart. Sometimes it completely shutsdown. And it overheats so much that it is unbearable. I can’t wait until we get all the needed signatures. I hope we win this case because this is not fair that we receive a product that doesn’t function as advertised or “fails” as soon as the 3 year applecare runs out. Victor DeejayRid Gutierrez - 2 years ago Reply A temporary fix for this problem is going to the top left corner and clicking on the Apple sign, click on System Preferences. Then click on Energy Saver. Then uncheck the option for Automatic Graphic Switching. Basically the major issue has been when switching from the on board graphics card to the Nvida Graphics card. Doing this will use your Nvidia card full time but it will over heat your Macbook and that is the down side at least when you are on photoshop or something graphic intensive. Even watching Youtube makes it get hot. Anyways, I hope this helps and I hope you can get some work done with this temporary fix. Denise Joyce - 2 years ago Reply If i do this ..it will only be worse i assume my nvidia card on my late 2011 17inch MBP is bad……what shall i do? carriet22 - 2 years ago Reply Hey guys-this is long so let me sum: TALK TO THE MANAGER AND MENTION THIS SUIT. I did and they fixed my graphic card for FREE. I had the issue pictured above happen yesterday- i had just loaded and started using final draft- doing some light editing. i got a skype call and BAM bars everywhere… it was a mess. it worked haltingly after i restarted it, then wouldn’t start up at all. I took it in today and they said 500$ to fix on site, 350$ and several days wait to ship it out. i had a think. went on my cell and searched about the graphics card (that’s what they told me was the problem after about 2 seconds) and i found this lawsuit. i went back in and spoke to the manager. i was complaing also that i had to replace the top case, the hard drive, AND the battery in the 3 years i had the thing and now this? i was like seriously, forget this. go get me the print out on all my repairs. i know about this class action lawsuit, i know that mac is at fault, so if you want to feel happy about selling me a piece of garbage i have to make a major repair on every 8 months, then thank you very much. the manager went into the back for a long time and came back without my paperwork, and without the number he said i should call about the lawsuit… and tried to make some sort of deal. dude seemed very unhappy when i mentioned this case- APPLE MUST KNOW THEY ARE TO BLAME because i played hardball with the guy and they are FIXING MY LAPTOP FOR FREE. ahaha. that’s right. i got those evil trolls who never want to help to pay my 320$ (as it turned out) bill. don’t worry if you’ve already payed… i’m sure the company is paying you back one way or another. i am SO unhappy with my mac and iphone… maybe it was bad luck but i’m running away from apple. PS if anyone knows a better smallish machine for editing that isn’t 2000 bucks let me know! Aaron Vorbau - 2 years ago Reply what store did you go to? Qazi (@iclies) - 2 years ago Reply I have the same problem. I got my 15″ MBP in Sep 2011. Carlos Martínez - 2 years ago Reply Same thing, i have a great Macbook Pro 2011 17″, for 2 years work really awesome, from i migrate to yosemite 1 week later, i have a Pink vertical lines, i have restart, disconnect battery, and everything is ok, i have downgrade to Mavericks, and same thing happened, disconnect battery i have restart, and works again fine, i have time for make my backups, but some days pass… and same thing happened, but now… the MBP is die… just pink lines… and not start the Apple icon… just gray…. I have follow all steps in next page for send my information to apple….http://www.mbp2011.com I recommend, every people do the same…. maybe in next year… one replacemente program start. One thing i m sure… this is a problem on 2011 MBP models… but is a born problem about GPU… if you fix that… the problem will occur again… in next week, month or year. If some people not have the problem jet, i m sure… they are lucky for now… but take care about this situation… because they GPU in some moment, when they give hard work on display graphics… the problem start, without any software fix…. is about hardware! Tessy Fuller - 2 years ago Reply Yep, SAME ISSUE. Probably would of happened earlier then it did but I reformatted my hard drive and reset PRAM and it bought me a bit of a time. Looks like a logic board is just a temporary fix. Go support the lawsuit, sign the petition, report your problems to apple. http://mbp2011.org/ latin4everyone - 2 years ago Reply Yep. Feb 2011 17-inch. First screen problems–video card. Then the hard disk died. About $450 to repair both. Garegin Asatryan - 2 years ago Reply I have the same problem. When the login screen is supposed to kick in, it goes to a white screen. It’s the 2011 AMD model. Gonçalo Granado - 2 years ago Reply Yeah! Same problem here. I live in Brussels and I paid over 600 euro for fixing the problem in October 2014. It just came back again. It will be my last Apple product if they don’t solve it. Enue COD (@bongggblue) - 2 years ago Reply Dealing with this now. Graphical glitches then eventually the computer won’t boot. Just had a crash after playing a youtube video. In the 2 months, it has happened twice. Just spent this weekend dealing with this headache. Søren Ellemann Hansen - 2 years ago Reply A rotten apple. After updating 2011 late 17″ with Intel HD Graphics 3000 macbook pro to os 10.10 seams to act up and kernel errors flying left and right. A quick shift all the way back to lion saved it for a while. But it looks like the error is a hardware issue by whats written. Not software. So my next computer would not be a mac in the near future since they seam to ignore, there costumers. I guess this computer together with a lot others will be repaired by apple. Sold on 2 hand and we will move on from this lemon of a fruit company. Monica Krausse - 2 years ago Reply Yes. First in October 2014 — I didn’t have AppleCare, so the Apple Store replaced the logic board for a price. The new board failed in November and was replaced for free, since it was still under their three-month warranty. I’m still waiting to see how long the third board holds out. jjohart - 2 years ago Reply Yes, I had periods that the screen would freeze, appear like zebra stripe bands and or weird color striping (sometimes it almost looked like a US flag)! It seemed to occur if I had several programs open when I attempted to ‘switch users’. I made several calls to Apple support and they were tight and counter-accustory, particularly as I made the way up the chain of support “command”. They started by complaining I had programs from as old as eight or nine years (transferred by apple store/data transfer when I migrated stuff from the ol’ Powerbook G4… They also started inisting I send my entire OS to an external drive, and kept harping on me for the fact it didn’t happen all the time. They were particularly snooty when I started making noise about how they should replace the computer. Absolute human firewalls against that issue! I finally worked around it by changing the “automatic” switching from high intensity graphics to just the continual high intensity. Even though it said it might use more “power”, I have rarely had freeze ups since, so I guess I was lucky. Thing is, mine is the 17″, and I’ve had failed logic boards from a2008 Macbook..for whatever reason. I can’t tell if these machines are any better these days, but it really annoys me there’s no mirroring available on an early 2011, except by 3rd party like AirParrot. richardmak - 2 years ago Reply My MBP has been fine up to the last update, however, like all the others with same issue you can’t ignore the pink lines over a 17″ white screen. I have 10.10.1 installed and a AMD video card; it’s the late 2011 model MBP. Not a happy camper at the moment on how to proceed? I restart and perhaps get a short lived relief, but regardless it always returns. Not ready to drop another $2,700. CA Quintella - 2 years ago Reply I had de issue for the first time more than a year ago. I had to replace my mainboard for $353 at an apple store. Almost a year later the problem returned. The computer just freezes in a gray screen during boot. I will not buy anything Apple until they fix this. It is serious manufacturing problem that put Apple brand at stake. They sell a very expensive laptop because they are supposed to be good quality and long standing. Why should I pay $1999,00 for a $500 hardware only for running OS X? Lytes (@MixedByLytes) - 2 years ago Reply what if you dont live in either california or miami? jdolberg - 2 years ago Reply I live in Virginia and am having this problem. Is there a class action suit in my state that I can join? caquintella - 2 years ago Reply And I live in Rio de Janeiro and had the problem. Carlos A. Quintella. > dellamea - 2 years ago Reply Mine died 2 months ago. I have an early 2011 MacBook Pro (2.2 GHz Intel Core i7, 8 GB 1333 MHz. Apple should deliver better products. A 3 year old computer of €2000 shouldn’t crap out randomly and in need of a €500 repair. And when it does Apple should just replace whatever parts necessary free of charge, but seems replacement of New Logic board will unfortunatly not be enough on this model?? Take action now Apple!!!! dellamea - 2 years ago Reply From Italy in hope for a solution from Apple. Paul Gemignani (@4waymedia) - 2 years ago Reply I am having issues with my logic board again. I had it replaced 6 months ago at the apple store for $299…… Now what?? Aurelio Rodriguez - 2 years ago Reply I have a 15″ 2011 Macbook Pro and this just happened to it 2 days ago. I have an appointment on Monday at 1:30 with the local Apple store. I hope they are able to help. 4ltj - 2 years ago Reply Just expericened this too on my early 2011 Macbook Pro —> made an appointment @genius bar… trying to talk them into some extended warranty obligation. Long time Apple User (last macbook pro, logic board also needed to be replaced, luckily not at my costs — 2 models before this one, I had my cover + logic board to be replaced on a white macbook) SO GUESS this will be my last Mac, most definitely ! Ryan Tiffany - 2 years ago Reply I just can’t believe this mine has died over this issue…. so riddiculous ! Estuardo García Arévalo - 2 years ago Reply I had a MBP 2011 with an ATI video card with this problem :( the OS Yosemite just doesnt start, and i got a blue screen when i traying to restore the OS :( Apple support told me is the GPU ATI and i have to change the whole mother board :'( Aurelio Rodriguez - 2 years ago Reply I just got mine fixed. Apple charged me $310. I’ve had 3 of my friends tell me their laptops have had the same problem since my gcu went out. That’s 3 more in a week in a half. Leanne Marie McCleary - 2 years ago Reply Mac Pro “15” I’m having a similar problem after doing a os x yosemite update. I’m thinking maybe if I uninstall os x yosemite it might fix the problem I’m going to try when I get home from work today. Australia David Knechtle - 2 years ago Reply I was affected. My computer has had the Gray Screen Freeze 4 times, and each time they have a new reason why it’s happening. First I paid to replace the Logic Board, then (because all of the following occurred within 90 days of the previous issue, the costs we absorbed by Apple’s “90 days of complimentary support” policy) they said it was a video card error, then a wiring glitch causing the keyboard to be unresponsive, now it’s a gray screen again, and again they said they had to send it to the production factory, who again would disassemble it and re-check everything to find the issue. Nomi Isak Kleinmuntz - 2 years ago Reply I have a late 2011 MacBook Pro (bought in California) that was fine until an Apple “Genius” offered me an upgrade to Yosemite on February 18, 2015. (I was at the Genius Bar to clean up some stuff that was causing a slower performance than usual.) After the Yosemite install I started getting these crazy bars across my display, once a day or so at first, then twice, then a complete freeze to white, unable to start up my computer. Luckily I still have AppleCare (just barely), so my MacBook Pro is in the “hospital” without cost to me for a new video card (or so says Genius #2). Not sure what I’ll do if it happens again after my AppleCare runs out. In the meantime, I’ve lost time and hundreds of dollars of income since my business has come to a crashing halt. (By the way, when I expressed my dismay at having no computer for up to a week, I was told I could pay $500 to join “Joint Ventures” for the year so I could get a “free” loaner. Thanks, Apple, but no thanks!) How do I sign up for the class-action lawsuit? Will report back if problems persist after I get my computer back. Oh, and any feedback on whether I should roll back to Lion OS from Yosemit when I go to get my computer? Dani Barker - 2 years ago Reply Hey everyone, here’s the latest updates on these specific models. Apple is now issuing refunds!! I called and got mine, so if you fit the description, definitely follow up and see if they’ll do the same!! very happy with how Apple took care of it, took some time, but it all worked out in the end. http://www.apple.com/support/macbookpro-videoissues/ Nomi Isak Kleinmuntz - 2 years ago Thank you, Dani! I actually have AppleCare coverage for another month and a half, so didn’t pay anything . . . this time. Hope it doesn’t happen again, but if it does before the cutoff date, I can rest easy. Glad they’re finally acknowledging the problem. (Would have been nice if someone at the Apple Store had acknowledged it and seen fit to loan me a computer until the repair was done. Instead they wanted me to pay $500 (for the year) for a loaner. Makes a dent in one’s business to lose computer access for a few days!) Dani Barker - 2 years ago Reply Hey everyone, here’s the latest update – Apple is now issuing refunds!! I called and got mine, so if you fit the description, definitely follow up and see if they’ll do the same!! very happy with how Apple took care of it, took some time, but it all worked out in the end. http://www.apple.com/support/macbookpro-videoissues/ Kelli Griffin Alfreds - 2 years ago Reply THANK YOU! I could kiss you! I have had months of misery, refusing to pay bc I’ve read so much about having to repair multiple times. I went ROUNDS with the Apple guy on the phone who claimed total ignorance just last month and acted like I was an idiot!!! I just called and I am dropping it off today!! Roger Owen Wetherholt - 2 years ago Reply mine has crashed three times the first year!! I’ll never buy another one. Mart Farkinez (@MartFarkinez) - 2 years ago Reply I just got my 15′ early-2011 Mac Book Pro fixed for free by the Apple Store in Cerritos California. I just got it back about an hour ago. They were very helpful. I took it in for run of diagnostic tests 4 days ago, and found out that it was experiencing a video chip issue which qualified the machine for “extended warranty coverage”. I thought it was just a fancy way of taking care of the issue without naming the problem a “recall.” However, I was wrong, Apple not only replaced the logic board, but they also replaced the whole keyboard assembly, the right speaker, the Magsafe charging board, and the Clutch barrel joint, which holds the screen and body together. I guess when Apple decides to extend coverage (even for a specific issue) it qualifies the machine for the same coverage that fully warrantied computers receive. Big thanks to the Cerritos Apple Store for its fine/fast work. Without this coverage, I would not have been able to fix this machine at this time. And maybe I would not have. (3/15/15) Vladimir Cavalcante - 2 years ago Reply 8 months without using my Apple files, all production, a thousand of photos in iPhoto untouchable… scoophk - 2 years ago Reply Worked for me – thank you all https://www.apple.com/support/macbookpro-videoissues/ Thank you Victor DeejayRid Gutierrez for the temporary fix of unchecking switching the graphic card in System Preferences / Energy Saver – had also reset the PRAM and my own fix of starting up holding the option key – even without peripherals attached or a findable Recovery disk (even holding command R). ClassActionUS (@ClassActionUS) - 2 years ago Reply We are one of the law firms that is involved in the class action lawsuit against Apple. Many people experience problems like those posted here and we have a depository of additional information that may help consumers who have a defective unit. We also have a website for further investigation. Please contact us at JLD@kbklawyers.com for more instructions. GaryBridger BA MA (@diveactive) - 2 years ago Reply Yes . This is the 3rd time , last repair less then a year ago. Not just graphic card . Logic board and. Power button. They did the repair for free after my upsetting stressful time. That was in Malaysia after getting a quote from mac. Asking for 3500 rm 600 $ now in less then 7 months it’s happen again on the graphics cup over heating. I’m on job seekers in the uk, just spent out advertising for wedding photography www . bridgerphotographer@gmail.com just offered a job back in Borneo if I can master final cut pro. Now I’m stuck need urgent repair. Here in the uk. HELP,! DeWayne Christopher Golightly - 2 years ago Reply Yes, I was refunded for my repair earlier this month… the issue persisted and they fixed the computer for free this time around. The consultants that I dealt with on behalf of Apple were pretty rude and spoke to me as if I were an idiot (which I could be in some folks opinions, but I spotted the GPU issue before the “brainiacs” ever admitted to it). I hope that it runs the way it is expected considering my power PC original mac mini blows it out the water as far as reliability goes. Peace. Alyssa Trejo (@alyyssaahh) - 2 years ago Reply I have this problem, but it is usually when I open the screen up from being closed. It either is completely black with only the mouse showing for about 15-20 seconds or half of it is a green/blue color. It goes away once I unlock my computer. Is this something I should be concerned about? Is this happening from my GPU or something different? (I got my MacBook in April 2011) Simeone Ricci - 2 years ago Reply why buy a mac anywhere!!?? Ventures (@editblock) - 2 years ago Reply I began having these problems a month or so before my applecare expired which must have been Nov of 2014. Here it is May 2015 and my screen has the horizontal lines and gives me the white screen and nothing after. Apple Please REPLACE all users of the 2011 laptop that seem to have this problem. I have a 2008 MBP which has been a work horse.The 2011 has been the WORST!! A LEMON!!!!! Ben Smith - 2 years ago Reply Yes i just took my 2011 macbook pro in 3 months ago because yosemite fried my logic board and now its also fried my hard drive… 5 appointments, a whole week wasted on this crap and they want to overcharge me for parts that are just going to fry again after a couple months. they keep telling me they’re not liable… the hell you’re not. Todd Skoglund (@tweakybunny) - 2 years ago Reply I have just had the same issue. Had the vertical blue and white stripes while using Adobe CS and a couple other graphics programs. Now the computer gets stuck in a reboot loop if I try to turn it on. 2011 15″ MBP with Yosemite. Massachusetts here. Anuwak Soni - 2 years ago Reply I’m experiencing an issue like this. Some pink lines keeps on coming on screen where there is white color. & It always happens when I open ‘Photos’ app. As soon as I close it, they’re gone. So some Graphic card issue? I’m using Macbook Pro 15″ Early 2011, updated to El Capitan today only. But problem started coming in yosemite also. Also occurs always whenever I use Windows using Bootcamp. Please help! Tom Keefer - 2 years ago Reply Take your MBP to an Apple store, have them test it… I did and they sent it off to repair and I got it back in just 4 days! Cost to repair over $350.00. Cost to me $000.00!! do it now your running out of time! (just did mine in late sept 2015) facthai - 2 years ago Tom seems to think Apple’s offer to repair this 2011 & 2012 MBP problem will expire. If so, when? This problem could occur anytime during the lifetime of your MBP. T-Rex (@TaraKekaha) - 2 years ago Reply I have that too. I purchased mine at year’s end 2011. ran fine for a while. 2 yrs in, it starts to freeze up in Photos (before upgrade) and automatically reboots no matter what i did. i bought the warranty, took it in to a local shop they replaced the motherboard, that problem (apple care did walk me thru fix but it didn’t work) fixed. in the last months (since using Yosemite, I get the same weird flashing screen with visual banding or malfunctions on the screen as it says here. I just restart and its good. Also, along with this icloud asks me to give my gmail password TWO times when I start up after ‘sleep’ and my code never works. I hit cancel twice and am fine. too much work!!! I too will have to buy a new one at some point when errors start to pile up. Patty Johnston Moskowitz - 1 year ago Reply We are in Bangkok, Thailand & need to replace the graphic card in our 2011 macbook pro, purchased in summer of 2011. The cost of replacement & labor here is roughly $150.00 U.S. dollars. Jessica Judy Gilmore - 1 year ago Reply If anyone checks this post, READ THIS http://www.apple.com/support/macbookpro-videoissues/ You have until Feb 27, 2016 to take advantage of this FREE repair provided by apple for affected macbook pros. Good luck everyone! Susan Fr (@miraweb) - 1 year ago Reply In addition to changing settings on the GPU chooser (Preferences >> Energy Saver) I found I was able to get my MacBook Pro to a more stable configuration by also disabling the “put hard disks to sleep when possible” check box (Preferences >> Energy Saver >> Battery and Preferences >> Energy Saver >> Power Adapter). If you are having trouble getting a restart to reset the preferences try 1) clearing the NVRAM/PRAM (restart > Hold CMD+P+R) or 2) start in safe mode (restart > Hold shift key) or 3) Start using the Restore Image (restart > Hold option key then select restore image or 4) Restart using Single User Mode (restart > CMD S) or Restart using CMD R. If you end up reinstalling your OS be sure to recheck your Energy Saver preferences to disable the hard disk sleep modes. Not a fix but it may get you to a happier place. Cassia Reid (@Singout4ever) - 1 year ago Reply Same problem and I live in Georgia. I have called customer service and emailed Apple but have not gotten any recall or help. Using another computer to write this since mine is down. I am a student and it is highly inconvenient because the video card is associated with Word and other essential applications. adrianoggero - 7 months ago Reply it’s october 2016 and this issue just happened to me. Is there something I can do about it? Ross Greenberg - 1 day ago Reply I have a Macbook Pro from Mid 2010 and the GPU is doing the exact same thing, but since it is not in the date range that was part of the Law Suite or the Recall, They refused to do anything to help me with my Mac that crashes and restarts when the GPU gets too hot. Can anyone suggest any help ? « Older Comments Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cobalt Surges 150% as Tesla and Tech Giants Fight for Supply LONDON, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — OilPrice.com News Commentary   This super-metal is the hottest commodity on the market right now-and it’s NOT lithium. Instead…  It’s a metal that early investors are eyeing as a massive opportunity. Supply is already in deficit – and that’s before the anticipated 500 percent increase in demand. It’s a metal that is critical to the future stock price of everything from General Electric (NYSE: GE), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), UPS (NYSE: UPS) and many more. Welcome to the supply crisis that is all about Cobalt Cobalt is a metal that few investors know much about – it is critical to the electric vehicle (EV) revolution because it makes up some 35% of the lithium-ion battery mix. That’s 30% of batteries that are the backbone of EVs, EVs that are now mainstream. To meet demand for EVs, billion-dollar battery gigafactories have been built and continue to be built. Consumer electronics are contributing to the demand and resulting shortage of supply. And, unlike lithium, which is a fairly common commodity… we can’t source enough of cobalt as things stand today – and demand is increasing quickly. Soon this story will get out. Analysts at Macquarie Research project deficits of 885 tons of this resource next year, 3,205 in 2019 and 5,340 in 2020. That’s a deficit increase of 503 percent. As a first principle of investing, where there is a supply problem, there is a massive opportunity for early investors. In the perfect storm that is the cobalt market, there are additional challenges. Currently, more than half of the world’s supply of cobalt comes from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Use of child workers in appalling conditions in the DRC means that difficult supply chain questions are starting to be asked. Apple and Tesla will not be able to ignore the awkward questions they are being asked about their supply chains. Is their cobalt ethically sourced? Generally speaking, no. This is a huge and growing problem. What’s the answer? Where possible, cobalt sourced from America. For early investors, now is the time to act. This is where US Cobalt (previously Scientific Metals) (USCO.V; SCTFF) enters the picture with a pure play cobalt project that could put the U.S. on the cobalt map in a meaningful way, for the first time in history. As the cobalt supply problem grows, and EV giants and gigafactories continue to increase demand, a home-grown solution is at hand. US Cobalt is in an ideal position to answer the call and create shareholder value. Here are 5 reasons to keep a close eye on US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF): #1 In the Cobalt Surge, All-American Supply is Key   The math on this one is simple: We don’t have enough cobalt. We will have run out by the end of this year, according to Macquarie Research analysts. Beyond that, we’re looking at 500-percent demand growth between now and 2020. The battery industry already uses 42 percent of global cobalt production, while the rest is used in industrial and military applications-all competing for supply. Tesla-now with a $50-billion market cap-launched a $5-billion battery gigafactory in Nevada in January. By the end of 2017, it will have doubled the entire global battery production capacity. By next year, it will be producing more batteries than the rest of the world combined. Tesla’s run on cobalt alone will be phenomenal, and that ignores all those competing for the super metal. Small-cap explorers like US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF): which offers up new North American supply could be among the biggest winners. But it’s much bigger than Tesla. The EV market has grown over 15 times, with an amazing compound annual growth rate of over 72 percent from 2011-2016. This year, analysts expect it to gain another 25-26 percent. Last year, global EV production grew 41 percent, and sales are up more than 60 percent year on year. In the midst of all this EV growth alone, there is a „complete vacuum” in cobalt supply, according to traders interviewed by the Financial Times as early as 23 February. Because so much of it comes from the DRC, and because Western buyers are under pressure to find more ethical sources, new sources must be found-with America being the most appealing-especially since it’s in Tesla’s back yard. #2 Watch What Hedge Funds are Doing with Cobalt  The run on physical cobalt started in February in the least expected corner: Major hedge funds started buying up physical cobalt and hoarding it in order to gain exposure to the major supply shortage. Swiss-based Pala Investments and China’s Shanghai Chaos have already hoarded 17 percent of last year’s global production. At today’s prices that’s worth around $280 million. At tomorrow’s prices, it will be worth a lot more. When hedge funds start stockpiling physical cobalt, it sends its traditional buyers into a panic to secure new shipments. Since November, cobalt prices have rallied more than 50 percent, and this is only the beginning. #3 In the Heart of the #1 Cobalt Trend in America In September, US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF) entered into an agreement to acquire an amazing cobalt property, Iron Creek, right in the heart of the Idaho Cobalt Belt, one of the most prolific cobalt mineralization trends in the U.S. This isn’t new exploration: this is property that’s already seen major historic exploratory work, including 30,000 feet of diamond drilling. And when it comes to cobalt, Iron Creek has historic (non 43-101 compliant) indications of 1.3 million tons grading 0.59 percent of cobalt with encouraging indications of up to 10 million tons. The ‚closeology’ is also brilliant. US Cobalt’s project is right next door to the ONLY advanced cobalt project in the U.S. with an estimated 3 million-plus tons of cobalt. Right now, the most important thing on the cobalt scene is homegrown exploration, and US Cobalt is a first-mover on this. As one of only two pure play cobalt companies in the U.S., US Cobalt could be among the first to put America definitively on the cobalt production map just as EVs and batteries hit feverish demand. The clients will be lining up to get at homegrown cobalt because major buyers like Samsung are all under pressure over unethical cobalt sourced from the DRC. The bottom line: The EV revolution is already in full force. And it needs cobalt it doesn’t have. #4 The Dream Team Behind the Bet on Cobalt  The CEO of US Cobalt, Wayne Tisdale, is a legend in spotting emerging trends with impeccable timing and creating outstanding shareholder value. He’s already done it with uranium, gold and oil and gas, and his most recent homerun was in lithium, with Pure Energy. When it launched in 2012, lithium was selling for about $5,000 per tonne. Just a short time later, it had increased 450 percent. His next bet is on cobalt. Tisdale and his team at Intrepid Financial have in recent years created $2.7 billion in value by building and financing 5 companies in completely different industries: • Rainy River (gold) was worth $1.2 billion at its peak • Xemplar (uranium) hit $1 billion at its peak • Ryland Oil (oil and gas) sold for $114 million • Webtech Wireless (tech) was worth $300 million at peak • Pure Energy (lithium) is worth $65 million (and counting) #5 Proving Up 10 Million Tons of Cobalt  Not only is US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF) fully financed to develop its Idaho Cobalt Belt project, but it hopes to prove up 10 million tonnes of cobalt resource. That’s worth a potential $1 billion at today’s prices with a grading of 0.59 percent. And as Tisdale and the team set out to become the largest pure play cobalt company, advance projects towards production and sell to a major, they have shareholder value in mind. After all, the team are major stakeholders in US Cobalt, with 35 percent ownership. As global consumption for refined cobalt is set to reach 100,000 tonnes in 2017, US Cobalt is forging an Idaho future that will truly make America great again. Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) Tesla has said cobalt supply is an even bigger problem than lithium; still, it’s hoping to source it all from America. Tesla overtook giant GM this year in market cap! And it looks like this isn’t just a fluke. Tesla’s going to maintain its momentum because they are the future. Apply Inc. (NASDAQ: APPL) Apple has stopped buying cobalt in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)–the main supply venue now–because of child labor. Apple is already the most widely followed stock because it’s got a rock-solid balance sheet and fantastic returns on invested capital. But look to the services business for future growth. General Electric (NYSE: GE) GE is developing jet engines, for which is needs cobalt. And one of the biggest headlining catalysts may be the potential for GE to take on billionaire Robert Bass’s dream to build a private supersonic jet through Aerion Corp. This would be the first non-military plane to fly faster than the speed of sound since the failed Concorde. Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Amazon needs it for Kindle; and UPS will need it for its fuel cell tech investments. Right now, Amazon is on the edge of joining Wall Street’s exclusive „$1,000 Stock Club” as huge tech companies drive the U.S. market higher. UPS (NYSE: UPS) UPS hasn’t had a great year, but there is room for future growth, and investors are eyeing its fuel-cell transportation investments. The company did, however, beat revenue and earnings expectations for the first quarter of this year. By James Burgess Legal Disclaimer/Disclosure from OilPrice.com: This piece is an advertorial and has been paid for. This document is not and should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment. No information in this Report should be construed as individualized investment advice. A licensed financial advisor should be consulted prior to making any investment decision. We make no guarantee, representation or warranty and accept no responsibility or liability as to its accuracy or completeness. Expressions of opinion are those of Oilprice.com only and are subject to change without notice. Oilprice.com assumes no warranty, liability or guarantee for the current relevance, correctness or completeness of any information provided within this Report and will not be held liable for the consequence of reliance upon any opinion or statement contained herein or any omission. Furthermore, we assume no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage or, in particular, for lost profit, which you may incur as a result of the use and existence of the information, provided within this Report.   All content contained herein is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the original article posted on Oilprice.com and subject to the terms and conditions therein. DISCLAIMER:  OilPrice.com is Source of all content listed above.  FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with OilPrice.com or any company mentioned herein.  The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by OilPrice.com are solely those of OilPrice.com and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM.  FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security.  FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. „Forward-looking statements” describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as „may”, „future”, „plan” or „planned”, „will” or „should”, „expected,” „anticipates”, „draft”, „eventually” or „projected”. You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company’s annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact e-mail: editor@financialnewsmedia.com  U.S. Phone: +1(954)345-0611 SOURCE OilPrice.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DoubleVerify and Snap Partner on New Brand Safety Initiatives Next PostNext OPTIC Conference Features World’s Best Photographers, with B&H Livestream Broadcast Available Search Recent Posts Introducing „The Dogs of Chicago,” a Canine Adventure Book Now Available for Sale Christian James Announces Its New Luxury Sunglasses Line Handmade in Italy Employee Alcohol & Drug Abuse: How to Enforce Policies Without Violating ADA LiceDoctors Lice Removal Service Featured in June 2017 Issue of Scientific American Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Cobalt Surges 150% as Tesla and Tech Giants Fight for Supply News provided by OilPrice.com 30 May, 2017, 11:25 ET Share this article LONDON, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- OilPrice.com News Commentary   This super-metal is the hottest commodity on the market right now-and it's NOT lithium. Instead...  It's a metal that early investors are eyeing as a massive opportunity. Supply is already in deficit - and that's before the anticipated 500 percent increase in demand. It's a metal that is critical to the future stock price of everything from General Electric (NYSE: GE), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), UPS (NYSE: UPS) and many more. Welcome to the supply crisis that is all about Cobalt Cobalt is a metal that few investors know much about - it is critical to the electric vehicle (EV) revolution because it makes up some 35% of the lithium-ion battery mix. That's 30% of batteries that are the backbone of EVs, EVs that are now mainstream. To meet demand for EVs, billion-dollar battery gigafactories have been built and continue to be built. Consumer electronics are contributing to the demand and resulting shortage of supply. And, unlike lithium, which is a fairly common commodity... we can't source enough of cobalt as things stand today - and demand is increasing quickly. Soon this story will get out. Analysts at Macquarie Research project deficits of 885 tons of this resource next year, 3,205 in 2019 and 5,340 in 2020. That's a deficit increase of 503 percent. As a first principle of investing, where there is a supply problem, there is a massive opportunity for early investors. In the perfect storm that is the cobalt market, there are additional challenges. Currently, more than half of the world's supply of cobalt comes from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Use of child workers in appalling conditions in the DRC means that difficult supply chain questions are starting to be asked. Apple and Tesla will not be able to ignore the awkward questions they are being asked about their supply chains. Is their cobalt ethically sourced? Generally speaking, no. This is a huge and growing problem. What's the answer? Where possible, cobalt sourced from America. For early investors, now is the time to act. This is where US Cobalt (previously Scientific Metals) (USCO.V; SCTFF) enters the picture with a pure play cobalt project that could put the U.S. on the cobalt map in a meaningful way, for the first time in history. As the cobalt supply problem grows, and EV giants and gigafactories continue to increase demand, a home-grown solution is at hand. US Cobalt is in an ideal position to answer the call and create shareholder value. Here are 5 reasons to keep a close eye on US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF): #1 In the Cobalt Surge, All-American Supply is Key   The math on this one is simple: We don't have enough cobalt. We will have run out by the end of this year, according to Macquarie Research analysts. Beyond that, we're looking at 500-percent demand growth between now and 2020. The battery industry already uses 42 percent of global cobalt production, while the rest is used in industrial and military applications-all competing for supply. Tesla-now with a $50-billion market cap-launched a $5-billion battery gigafactory in Nevada in January. By the end of 2017, it will have doubled the entire global battery production capacity. By next year, it will be producing more batteries than the rest of the world combined. Tesla's run on cobalt alone will be phenomenal, and that ignores all those competing for the super metal. Small-cap explorers like US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF): which offers up new North American supply could be among the biggest winners. But it's much bigger than Tesla. The EV market has grown over 15 times, with an amazing compound annual growth rate of over 72 percent from 2011-2016. This year, analysts expect it to gain another 25-26 percent. Last year, global EV production grew 41 percent, and sales are up more than 60 percent year on year. In the midst of all this EV growth alone, there is a "complete vacuum" in cobalt supply, according to traders interviewed by the Financial Times as early as 23 February. Because so much of it comes from the DRC, and because Western buyers are under pressure to find more ethical sources, new sources must be found-with America being the most appealing-especially since it's in Tesla's back yard. #2 Watch What Hedge Funds are Doing with Cobalt  The run on physical cobalt started in February in the least expected corner: Major hedge funds started buying up physical cobalt and hoarding it in order to gain exposure to the major supply shortage. Swiss-based Pala Investments and China's Shanghai Chaos have already hoarded 17 percent of last year's global production. At today's prices that's worth around $280 million. At tomorrow's prices, it will be worth a lot more. When hedge funds start stockpiling physical cobalt, it sends its traditional buyers into a panic to secure new shipments. Since November, cobalt prices have rallied more than 50 percent, and this is only the beginning. #3 In the Heart of the #1 Cobalt Trend in America In September, US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF) entered into an agreement to acquire an amazing cobalt property, Iron Creek, right in the heart of the Idaho Cobalt Belt, one of the most prolific cobalt mineralization trends in the U.S. This isn't new exploration: this is property that's already seen major historic exploratory work, including 30,000 feet of diamond drilling. And when it comes to cobalt, Iron Creek has historic (non 43-101 compliant) indications of 1.3 million tons grading 0.59 percent of cobalt with encouraging indications of up to 10 million tons. The 'closeology' is also brilliant. US Cobalt's project is right next door to the ONLY advanced cobalt project in the U.S. with an estimated 3 million-plus tons of cobalt. Right now, the most important thing on the cobalt scene is homegrown exploration, and US Cobalt is a first-mover on this. As one of only two pure play cobalt companies in the U.S., US Cobalt could be among the first to put America definitively on the cobalt production map just as EVs and batteries hit feverish demand. The clients will be lining up to get at homegrown cobalt because major buyers like Samsung are all under pressure over unethical cobalt sourced from the DRC. The bottom line: The EV revolution is already in full force. And it needs cobalt it doesn't have. #4 The Dream Team Behind the Bet on Cobalt  The CEO of US Cobalt, Wayne Tisdale, is a legend in spotting emerging trends with impeccable timing and creating outstanding shareholder value. He's already done it with uranium, gold and oil and gas, and his most recent homerun was in lithium, with Pure Energy. When it launched in 2012, lithium was selling for about $5,000 per tonne. Just a short time later, it had increased 450 percent. His next bet is on cobalt. Tisdale and his team at Intrepid Financial have in recent years created $2.7 billion in value by building and financing 5 companies in completely different industries: • Rainy River (gold) was worth $1.2 billion at its peak • Xemplar (uranium) hit $1 billion at its peak • Ryland Oil (oil and gas) sold for $114 million • Webtech Wireless (tech) was worth $300 million at peak • Pure Energy (lithium) is worth $65 million (and counting) #5 Proving Up 10 Million Tons of Cobalt  Not only is US Cobalt (USCO.V; SCTFF) fully financed to develop its Idaho Cobalt Belt project, but it hopes to prove up 10 million tonnes of cobalt resource. That's worth a potential $1 billion at today's prices with a grading of 0.59 percent. And as Tisdale and the team set out to become the largest pure play cobalt company, advance projects towards production and sell to a major, they have shareholder value in mind. After all, the team are major stakeholders in US Cobalt, with 35 percent ownership. As global consumption for refined cobalt is set to reach 100,000 tonnes in 2017, US Cobalt is forging an Idaho future that will truly make America great again. Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) Tesla has said cobalt supply is an even bigger problem than lithium; still, it's hoping to source it all from America. Tesla overtook giant GM this year in market cap! And it looks like this isn't just a fluke. Tesla's going to maintain its momentum because they are the future. Apply Inc. (NASDAQ: APPL) Apple has stopped buying cobalt in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)--the main supply venue now--because of child labor. Apple is already the most widely followed stock because it's got a rock-solid balance sheet and fantastic returns on invested capital. But look to the services business for future growth. General Electric (NYSE: GE) GE is developing jet engines, for which is needs cobalt. And one of the biggest headlining catalysts may be the potential for GE to take on billionaire Robert Bass's dream to build a private supersonic jet through Aerion Corp. This would be the first non-military plane to fly faster than the speed of sound since the failed Concorde. Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Amazon needs it for Kindle; and UPS will need it for its fuel cell tech investments. Right now, Amazon is on the edge of joining Wall Street's exclusive "$1,000 Stock Club" as huge tech companies drive the U.S. market higher. UPS (NYSE: UPS) UPS hasn't had a great year, but there is room for future growth, and investors are eyeing its fuel-cell transportation investments. The company did, however, beat revenue and earnings expectations for the first quarter of this year. By James Burgess Legal Disclaimer/Disclosure from OilPrice.com: This piece is an advertorial and has been paid for. This document is not and should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment. No information in this Report should be construed as individualized investment advice. A licensed financial advisor should be consulted prior to making any investment decision. We make no guarantee, representation or warranty and accept no responsibility or liability as to its accuracy or completeness. Expressions of opinion are those of Oilprice.com only and are subject to change without notice. Oilprice.com assumes no warranty, liability or guarantee for the current relevance, correctness or completeness of any information provided within this Report and will not be held liable for the consequence of reliance upon any opinion or statement contained herein or any omission. Furthermore, we assume no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage or, in particular, for lost profit, which you may incur as a result of the use and existence of the information, provided within this Report.   All content contained herein is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the original article posted on Oilprice.com and subject to the terms and conditions therein. DISCLAIMER:  OilPrice.com is Source of all content listed above.  FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with OilPrice.com or any company mentioned herein.  The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by OilPrice.com are solely those of OilPrice.com and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM.  FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security.  FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact e-mail: editor@financialnewsmedia.com  U.S. Phone: +1(954)345-0611 SOURCE OilPrice.com 24 May, 2017, 15:55 ET Preview: Zinc Prices Soar as Inventories Shrink at Alarming Rates My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 24 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Zinc Prices Soar as Inventories Shrink at Alarming Rates 24 May, 2017, 08:00 ET The World's Most Important Metal is Set to Boom Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Mining Mining & Metals Investments Opinions You just read: Cobalt Surges 150% as Tesla and Tech Giants Fight for Supply News provided by OilPrice.com 30 May, 2017, 11:25 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Caboodle 2.0.1 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3 KeyCue 8.4     Related Articles Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 (15 May 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Watchlist | 18 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (1) Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) by Agen G. N. Schmitz Apple has released Security Update 2017-002 for OS X 10.10 Yosemite and 10.11 El Capitan, patching security vulnerabilities that the company also addressed in macOS 10.12.5 Sierra (see “Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1,” 15 May 2017). Among much else, the security update addresses a memory consumption issue that could lead to arbitrary code execution, fixes validation issues that could allow an application to read restricted memory, and resolves a memory corruption issue that could allow an app to escape its sandbox. (Free. For 10.10.5 Yosemite, 421.1 MB; for 10.11.6 El Capitan, 710.6 MB; security content release notes)   PDFpen and PDFpenPro 9 add 100+ enhancements to improve your PDF editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <http://smle.us/pdfpen9-tb>   Comments about Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Resolves security vulnerabilities in Apple’s older operating systems. (Free, various sizes) Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Georg  2017-05-30 11:40 After installation of the security fix on El Capitan, my openoffice 4.1.3 installation was broken. I have not found a way to fix it yet. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Agen G. N. Schmitz TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Here’s another clue that Apple might be launching new Macs at WWDC Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 2 Shipping times for Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar have slipped from same day to 3-5 business days in many countries. Deliveries have been conveniently pushed to June 6 or later in the United States, just a day after Apple’s WWDC keynote, indicating refreshed models might be unveiled during the keynote. Delivery estimates for the 15-inch MacBook Pro models have slipped to June 6 or later in other markets, too, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Singapore and Spain. Shipping times for the 13-inch MacBook Pro models have not changed, MacRumors reports. Bloomberg recently reported that Apple could upgrade its Mac notebook lineup at WWDC next month with faster Intel chips and updated internal architecture. Intel in January unveiled new Kaby Lake processors that could be appropriate for the 13-inch MacBook Pro models. Earlier today at Computex in Taipei, the chip giant announced a new Core X chip brand, including a new Core i9 desktop processor line with up to 18 cores and 36 threads of power. Tagged: Apple Mac MacBook MacBook Pro News MORE FROM iDB Bloomberg: upgraded MacBook lineup coming at WWDC next month Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Apple apparently working on additional MacBook Pro models without Touch Bar techfreak23 I wonder if they will include the battery they were supposed to on the last update… personally, I’m not a fan of the touch bar. Super gimmicky and slightly impractical. malhal Hopefully a 15″ no touch bar with 4 ports and 32GB RAM! Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple Pay could hit Ukraine in the second quarter of 2018 Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 1 Apple Pay is set to launch in Ukraine in the second quarter of next year, according to an anonymous tipster in one of the Ukrainian payment systems. PaySpace Magazine is reporting (Google Translate) that Maxim Patrin, the chief of e-business with financial institution Alfa-Bank, mentioned that Apple Pay might make its debut in the country sometime next year. Alfa-Bank today unveiled a new digital banking service, called Alfa Digital, which will permit customers to add their cards to Apple Pay when the service hits Ukraine. According to MacRumors, the country currently lacks Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay. Samsung Pay is rumored to launch in Ukraine later this year. Apple could be working to bring Apple Pay to India soon. The mobile payments service currently works in 16 major markets: Australia, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, UK and US. Tagged: Apple Apple Pay Mobile Payment News Rumors Ukraine MORE FROM iDB “Apple Cash” money transfer service and virtual prepaid cards due in 2017? Apple Pay could launch in Germany soon Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Luiz Claudio Eudes Corrêa I’m still waiting for this in Brazil Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Tech Search Search BanksBank Customers Don’t Want Robo-Advisers Making Financial Decisions For Them BrazilBrazil Is Seeking to Join the OECD Despite Its Political Crisis IndiaIndia Is Still the World’s Fastest Growing Economy, Despite Last Year’s Shock Cash Crisis PointCloudWhy Steve Ballmer Loves Twitter PointCloud Apple Just Poached Top Talent From Qualcomm Amid a Legal Dispute Aaron Pressman May 30, 2017 Apple has hired one of Qualcomm's top communications chip engineers amid a legal battle over wireless modem royalties. Esin Terzioglu, who oversaw the engineering organization of Qualcomm's core communications chip business, announced the move on his LinkedIn page, where it was highlighted by analyst Neil Shah of Counterpoint Research. "It has been my honor and privilege to have worked with so many talented and dedicated individuals at Qualcomm where we accomplished great feats as a team (10nm bring up was a doozy and the team did an amazing job bringing the first product to market!!!)," Terzioglu wrote. "I feel privileged for the opportunity to continue my career at Apple. Stay in touch." Qualcomm last year began introducing chips at the cutting-edge 10-nanometer scale made in Samsung's semiconductor factories. The smaller scale, a step down from 14 nm, allows chips like Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 for smartphones to do more calculations using less power. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Fortune contacted Apple for comment and will update this story with any response. Qualcomm declined to comment. Apple has used Qualcomm wireless modem chips in the iPhone and connected models of the iPad, but the relationship between the two giants of the mobile phone industry has soured over the past year. In January, Apple sued Qualcomm, claiming the chip maker was was unfairly using patents and market dominance to charge excessive royalties. Qualcomm denied it had done anything improper and counter-sued Apple last month for interfering with its business and violating deals between the two companies. The dispute has led to speculation that Apple (aapl) will increasingly turn to Intel (intc) for wireless modems. But Intel's products, so far, lag the capabilities and speed of Qualcomm's (qcom) cutting-edge products. The hire may be a sign that Apple wants to integrate the wireless modem capability more deeply into its own custom-designed system on a chip, or SoC, that runs the iPhone, according to Raymond James analyst Tavis McCourt. "The data point is the latest in a list of instances suggesting that Apple has plans to develop full SoCs in house for future mobile devices,” McCourt wrote in a note on Tuesday. "The current A series processors lack a baseband modem and Terzioglu’s move seems to suggest that Apple is acquiring the necessary expertise to develop such technology." Terzioglu, who has a PhD in electrical engineering from Stanford, previously worked at communications chipmaker Broadcom (brcm) and a memory chip startup called Novelics that was acquired by Mentor Graphics. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The exodus of Tidal executives is continuing — here's what could be next for Jay Z's music streaming service James Cook May 30, 2017, 11:00 AM 2,992 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jay Z. Getty Images North America Jay Z's music streaming service Tidal has lost another CEO — the third CEO to leave the company since Jay Z acquired it in January 2015. Billboard reported on May 26 that Tidal CEO Jeff Toig had left the company, and that Tidal plans to name a new CEO in the coming weeks. "As part of TIDAL’s continued expansion this year we will be announcing a new CEO in the coming weeks," Tidal said in a statement. "We wish former CEO, Jeffrey Toig, all the best in his future endeavors." A company losing a CEO is never a good sign. But a company losing three CEOs in just over two years is a particularly bad sign. The list of departed Tidal executives shows the upheaval that the company has gone through since its January 2015 acquisition. CEO Andy Chen left Tidal in April 2015. Then CEO Peter Tonstad left the company in June 2015. US sales and marketing manager David Solomon left Tidal after just 10 months in July 2015. Tidal's senior vice president of label and artist relations, Zena Burns, left in August 2015, two months after she joined. It was reported in November 2015 that chief investment officer Vania Schlogel had left Tidal. Tidal announced in March 2016 that it had fired CFO Chris Hart and COO Nils Juell. And now Tidal's latest CEO, Jeff Toig has left the company. So, what's going to happen to Tidal? There are two routes the company can go down: Scale back expenses and operate as a niche streaming service It costs money to compete with Apple and Spotify, and Tidal can't fight a losing battle forever. And yes, Tidal is losing. The most recent paying subscriber number we have for Tidal is just 3 million (although it was reported that internal numbers show 1.2 million subscribers.) Contrast that with Apple's 20 million subscribers, and Spotify's 50 million, and it's clear that Tidal is barely moving the needle. Data released by the BPI (British Phonographic Institute) earlier this month showed that Tidal has managed to gain just 0.1% penetration in the UK in 2016, a tiny amount compared to Spotify's 11.6% (although Apple Music is on 2.5%.) BPI This could be sustainable if Tidal had a giant cash pile and low overheads, but it doesn't. Its losses doubled to $28 million (£21.7 million) in 2015, double what it lost before Jay Z bought the company.  It's worth pointing out, though, that Tidal's losses aren't as big as rival SoundCloud. SoundCloud's 2015 accounts show that it lost €51.22 million (£44 million) in 2015. Tidal has the option of scaling back its overheads, potentially cutting staff, and operating as a lean and niche music streaming service. That's what it did for years before being acquired by Jay Z, after all. Sell to another company But maybe Jay Z doesn't want to scale back his ambitions. Maybe he's bored of Tidal altogether. He did forget he owns the company in a court case, after all. Apple doesn't need Tidal. It already bought its own relatively niche music streaming service, Beats, and turned that into Apple Music. Apple Music dealmaker Jimmy Iovine also shut down rumours of a Tidal acquisition in a September 2016 interview with BuzzFeed News. "We're really running our own race," Iovine said. "We're not looking to acquire any streaming services." OK, so Apple won't buy Tidal. How about Spotify, another European music streaming service? Well, that deal doesn't look too likely, either. Spotify chairman Martin Lorentzon joked about Tidal during an on-stage interview in Stockholm in May 2015. "I've got 99 problems — and Jay Z ain't one," he reportedly said. But there are two companies that do make sense here: Samsung and SoftBank. Jay Z was photographed leaving Samsung's US head office in Silicon Valley in October 2015. Jay-Z leaving Samsung corp. in Silicon Valley right now pic.twitter.com/AQAJWzL6lq — Damian Trujillo (@newsdamian) October 15, 2015 Samsung shuttered its Milk music streaming service in August 2016, potentially leaving a gap in its business for Tidal. There's one small problem with this theory, though: Samsung previously denied a rumour that it's planning to buy Tidal. But maybe it would change its tune if Tidal offered itself for a knockdown price. How about SoftBank? The Japanese company already owns a third of Tidal through its carrier company Sprint. SoftBank has bought tech companies before: In 2016 it announced that it had paid £24 billion to acquire British chip designer ARM Holdings. NOW WATCH: Chinese inventors show off the gladiator robot they want to use to challenge the US' 'Megabot' Loading video... More: Tidal facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The exodus of Tidal executives is continuing — here's what could be next for Jay Z's music streaming service The exodus of Tidal executives is continuing — here's what could be next for Jay Z's music streaming service Jay Z's music streaming service Tidal has lost... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Please assign a menu Subscribe Submit a Post News Videos Features Opinion Entertainment Sports Politics Lifestyle Biz Tech Shop Why the iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED is Truly the Apple of my Eye Why my iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED is the Apple of my eye. Christina Jeter 16 hours ago Share Tweet +1s Reddit Pin Comments Apple products may not be selling like they use to, but it will always be the #1 brand to me. As an owner of a Red iPhone 7 Plus, the purchase was truly more than just a mere collection of another expensive electronic, I now contribute to a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone. “Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of AIDS through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today’s lineup of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. It has a digital fingerprint recognition system that will only allow me to use my phone, a tracking device that can find all my Apple electronics and sync them together along with commonly used apps so I can choose which product I like to listen to Spotify. So when I am on my iPhone I can switch it to play the music on my laptop even though it is not an Apple, but because I have the application on my electronic. “Combining the global reach of the world’s most loved smartphone with our efforts to provide access to life-saving ARV medication in sub-Saharan Africa, customers now have a remarkable opportunity to make a difference and contribute to the Global Fund through the purchase of this new beautiful (PRODUCT)RED iPhone.” The iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT) RED color is synonymous with its color because the phone features and contributions are literally on FIRE! I purchased mine under the Verizon Wireless plan because I feel they have the best service & they know it, that is why they charge for it. I find myself treating my new phone like a brand new car. I am always detailing it, buying accessories for it and cleaning it off by detailing every part of it. “Every customer who buys iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition or iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store & more. Anyone who wants to learn the basics or go further with their new iPhone can register for a free workshop at every Apple Store.” apple iPhone Christina Jeter https://www.instagram.com/ruby_haiti/ Share This 0 0 0 0 Previous ArticleFly Free With Jet Blue Next ArticleJamie Foxx’s 'Disrespectful' and 'Gibberish' Sign Language on 'Fallon' Gets Called Out Recommended For You Don't miss a thing. Keep up with the Twist. facebook twitter Follow From Around the Web Latest News News Lee Boyd Malvo’s Life Sentences Deemed Unconstitutional Pascal Mnyika 8 hours ago Politics More Cities Join the call for Trump’s Impeachment Pascal Mnyika 13 hours ago Entertainment Carmelo and La La Anthony Aren’t Headed for Divorce Just Yet TUT Staff 14 hours ago Jamie Foxx’s ‘Disrespectful’ and ‘Gibberish’ Sign Language on ‘Fallon’ Gets Called Out Pascal Mnyika 16 hours ago Fly Free With Jet Blue Christina Jeter 17 hours ago Opinion Reality Television Hits New Low with ‘Growing Up Hip Hop: Atlanta’ Melony Hill 1 day ago Entertainment ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Official Trailer Reveals Sansa Stark to be a Lesbian Christina Jeter 2 days ago Entertainment ‘All Eyez On Me’ Actress Rayven Ferrell Lands Pivotal Career Role In New Tupac Film Christina Jeter 2 days ago About The Urban Twist The Urban Twist is a global media and technology company focused on the digital generation. The mission of The Urban Twist is simple: to be the place that independent journalists and bloggers go to be heard. The Urban Twist is committed to giving independent journalists/bloggers a voice and market to exchange ideas and openly share the news and their stories by tapping into their passion and dedication by powering the production of authentic, engaging and socially driven content distributed to a rapidly growing audience across web, mobile, and social media. Company Links Write For Us! About Us Affiliates Advertising Media Sponsorship Make a Donation Privacy Policy Internships Contact Us Help & Support Knowledgebase/Tutorials Article Review & Publishing Policy Copyright & DMCA Information Digital Journalist and Writer’s Guide Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright 2016 The Urban Twist. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed and Maintained by <a target="_blank" href="http://www.pswebpros.com">P.S. Web Pros</a>.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer | Main | Andy Rubin's 'Phone' was Unveiled today and he'll be talking about it Tonight with Mossberg at the Code Conference » May 30, 2017 While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious   IDC reports today that worldwide smartphone shipments are expected to rebound slightly in 2017 with expected growth of 3.0% over the previous year. In 2016, year-over-year growth was 2.5%, marking the lowest growth the industry has ever experienced. With several major devices entering the market this year, IDC anticipates shipment volumes will grow to 1.52 billion in 2017. And IDC expects this momentum to carry into 2018, when smartphone shipments are forecast to grow 4.5% year over year, fueled by improved economic conditions in many emerging markets and a full year of new iPhone shipments from Apple.   Coming off the first year in which iPhone shipments declined, expectations are that 2017 volumes will grow 3.8%. IDC slightly lowered its 2017 projections for Apple in this forecast to 223.6 million, while increasing its 2018 volumes to 240.4 million. All signs point to late 2017 and certainly 2018 being very strong for Apple as much of its installed base seems ready for a refresh and the next round of iPhones is not likely to disappoint its fans.   On the other hand IDC's forecast for the next five years see's the iPhone's iOS remaining the same or slightly loosing a little ground. It's possible that Apple could introduce a new Pro model that uses Apple Pencil over the next few years while strengthening their mid-market iPhone SE to be more competitive. Such moves would likely move the iOS needle for smartphone statistics.   However, the biggest increase for iOS could come from emerging markets like India. Samsung, Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo and others are already in and lead that market whereas Apple is practically invisible statistically speaking. Any real breakthrough in that market due to a manufacturing deal with the Indian government along with new Apple Stores opening would would benefit Apple's iOS statistically over Android in terms of market share growth by 2021.    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 30, 2017 at 08:41 AM in 7. Apple / Market Statistics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads Apple Granted 41 Patents Today Covering a Head Mounted Display, Advancements for Apple TV with Siri and more Asus introduced their new ZenBook Pro at Computex to get ahead of Apple's MacBook Refresh Next Monday Microsoft continues to work on a Folding Smartphone while Samsung Wins Patent for a Scrollable Phone or Mobile TV Steve Wozniak, Guest Speaker at Montreal's C2 Trade Show, Talks about Apple, Siri, AI and more in Interview Former Apple Creative Director who left to work at Huawei is now starting her own Company called 'Abalone' Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Misc PCs & Laptops  »  News Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 Wednesday 31 May 2017  | Comment Now New devices could prove worthy foes for Apple's MacBook range. Asus has announced a slew of new products at Taiwan's Computex showcase, including the world's thinnest 2-in-1 and series of rivals for Apple's MacBook and MacBook Pro devices. The company's new flagship convertible, the Asus Zenbook Flip S, is a lightweight offering that weighs in at just 1.1kg, with a 10.9mm thickness. It features 16GB of RAM and an Intel Core i7 CPU - although this will doubtless be one of the Y-series models, so don't expect particularly chart-topping performance. The ZenBook Flip S is fitted with a 13in 4K screen, and features support for Windows Hello thanks to a built-in fingerprint reader. Cooling is taken care of by aerospace-grade aluminium and a 'vapour-chamber' cooling system; based on our previous experience with ultrathin convertibles, thermal efficiency is likely to be a key concern. Picture: ZenBook Flip S, courtesy of Asus Also announced was a new ZenBook Pro. Outfitted with a quad-core Core i7 processor, an Nvidia GTX 1050 Ti and a 15.6in 4K display, the new machine boasts some serious business-grade specifications. To further tempt customers away from Apple, the ZenBook Pro can be upgraded to feature a 1TB PCIe SSD and 16GB of DDR4 RAM - all of which is backed up with an impressive 14hr battery life. Picture: ZenBook Pro, courtesy of Asus Similarly, the ZenBook 3 Deluxe seems calculated to undercut Apple's MacBook, with a svelte 12.9mm frame and a weight of 1.1kg, twinned with a 1TB PCIe SSD, a Core i7 CPU and 16GB of RAM. Rounding out the announcements is a new VivoBook S, a fairly unremarkable entry aside from the fact that it manages to pack a Core i7 CPU, GeForce 940MX graphics card and 4K screen into a device that costs just $US799. It's also got expansion options including a 2TB HDD and 16GB of RAM. With such a strong lineup, Asus could provide an increasingly attractive alternative to Apple for price-conscious CIOs. Main image: Zenbook 3 Deluxe, courtesy of Asus   This article originally appeared at itpro.co.uk Related Articles Apple and Microsoft go head to head - again Review: Apple MacBook Pro Can your Mac upgrade to macOS Sierra? In the game of warranty roulette, you either win, or you lose... Review: Acer's Chromebook 14 brings the class Source: Copyright © ITPro, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  asus  |  asus zenbook  |  computex  |  intel core i7  |  macbook  |  macbook pro   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Interview: Wargaming's Mohamed Fadl, and the 2017 Wargaming.net League finals     Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share     Intel announces new X-series CPU family, including Core i9 chips     Japanese PS3 production ceases     Easily migrate your web passwords with LassPass to 1Password   More in Misc PCs & Laptops (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (2 of 10 articles) NEWS This Kickstarter is a more techy Spectrum << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Samsung Galaxy S8 DeX station << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (4 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: 9 great Raspberry Pi projects to build yourself << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Raspberry Pi users can get free AI with this Google giveaway << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Wipe a laptop easily and securely << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS What is the Samsung DeX? A look at the desktop hybrid << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (8 of 10 articles) NEWS What comes next after the Raspberry Pi? Eben Upton talks chips, children and the future of tech << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: What is... Golem? << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Kano Computer Kit bundle << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc PCs & Laptops News Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 Review Review: Samsung Galaxy S8 DeX station Feature How to: 9 great Raspberry Pi projects to build yourself Gallery Project Alpha Omega From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Five ERP systems compared How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero Four free VPN apps compared Around the stands at CeBIT 2017 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Atlassian, Harvey Norman, TPG bosses rank among Australia's richest business leaders NetApp acquires two companies to boost cloud storage Inside the investigation that took down Plutus Payroll Number of homes in NBN limbo balloons Few users go through with expensive NBN tech switches ATO reveals cause of SAN failure ANZ Bank looks to DIY tech under Maile Carnegie NBN Co promises more FTTC 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup 13 tips for starting out in Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds First Thoughts: Dark Souls newbie vs The Surge About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad iPhones to be fitted with artificial intelligence: Apple will include 'neural engine' chips on future devices Bloomberg claims Apple wants AI hardware to match Google and Qualcomm Apple is developing the chips for augmented reality and self-driving cars  Apple devices currently split AI tasks between the main processor and a GPU New chip, known as the Apple Neural Engine, has its own module for AI requests  By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:52 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 11:55 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 45 shares 30 View comments Apple will install a chip for carrying out artificial intelligence processing on future iPhones, according to a new report. The chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, will bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. The AI-enabled processor will handle tasks normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition and could even alert us if it thinks we are getting ill. Scroll down for video The new chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, would bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. Pictured are leaked images of what the iPhone 8 might look like WHAT COULD THIS MEAN? The chip will handle tasks are normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition. An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. In the future they could be used to monitor body readings and alert our phone when if we have an abnormal reading that needs acting on. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever.   Apple engineers are trying to keep up with Google and Qualcomm, according to the report by Bloomberg. Although Apple has got voice recognition assistant Siri, Amazon Echo and Google Home assistants have given other companies an advantage.   An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. 'Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,' said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst. 'At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.' Although AI is used to power assistants such as Siri these rely on computer servers processing data rather than processing data themselves.  The inclusion of AI software in phones will further increase how much we depend on them. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Big Brother-style satellites capable of tracking CARS from... The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the... Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new... Is your boss a nightmare? Leaders with too much charisma are... Share this article Share 45 shares Currently Apple devices have two chips - a main processor and a graphics chip. The new chip would mean these tasks would be carried out a single chip which would work even when the device is not connected to the internet.  The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever. Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit (pictured),  is 15 to 30 times faster than the processes that power today's computers This unit connects Google services such as Google Search, Google Street View, Google Photos and Google Translate.  WHAT IS A TPU? Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  TPUs are application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) developed specifically for machine learning. TPUs are designed for a higher volume of reduced precision computation than other types of processing units. The chip was specifically designed for Google's TensorFlow framework, but Google still uses other chips for different types of machine learning.  At the I/O conference this year Google announced an updated version would soon be available to users of its cloud business and sources suggest it will soon be integrated into many devices.  AI on a phone is also likely to be useful in helping to keep the device secure and protected from external threats. They could be used as a way to uniquely identify the wearer of a device.  Phones could be part of a broader network of machines which are dependent on AI - including cars. Last month the UK government handed £12.8 million ($16.4 million) to an AI firm to develop a driverless car system. The report suggests Apple may choose to discuss its latest AI work in its developers conference in June.  Read more: Apple Is Working on a Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 45 shares Most watched News videos Heart-stopping moment van driver pushes motorist into fast lane Heart-stopping moment lorry pushes car across motorway Moment Jeremy Corbyn fails to provide figures during interview Jeremy Corbyn responds to questions about how he'd deal with ISIS Frosty exchange between Jeremy Corbyn and audience member on IRA David Cameron spotted queue jumping to buy socks in JD Sports 'Are you a moron?': Mum rebukes reckless driver that crashed Police officer grills Theresa May on police recruitment policy Peston bangs his head on the table after frustrations with Fallon The Life Swap Adventures forces two men to experience a new life Jeremy Corbyn admits to meeting with IRA 'former prisoners' Large police presence after road rage incident in Rochester So, where's Willie? Walsh, British Airways' normally... Car boot seller who sparked outrage by hanging NAZI flag... Helicopter pilot who spent four years barricaded inside... Lorry driver, 55, who won a six-month battle to overturn... Shocking video shows 40 people in a mass brawl which left... 'My uncle... bank holiday BBQ... no words': Hilarious... Dying man's friend 'hit him over the head with a SAUCEPAN... Did BA system overheat in the warm weather after airline... Russian explorers find £13.5million in old Soviet money... Senior teachers accused of being at the centre of the... Copenhagen's iconic Little Mermaid statue is doused in... Alleged victim of two ex-BBC presenters accused of child... Trafficking gang who made at least £1.2million using taxi... Grand Reformation: Tudor palace visited by Henry VIII is... ‘Britain’s worst school’ is accused of trying to silence... Corbynistas troll Jewish journalist behind Woman's Hour... Two drunk Brits cause 770 Eurostar passengers to be... BA's ruthless cost-cutting Spanish boss who was plucked... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 30 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display The prehistoric creatures in the deep sea: Hawaii submersible expedition lets scientists study 'living... How a fungal infection can make wine smell BETTER: Study finds 'bunch rot' in grapes can enhance certain... What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party... Has the 'alien megastructure' mystery been solved? Astronomers say rings and asteroids could explain strange... Why wandering can be SAFER: People walking to work or an errand are more likely to stroll into dangerous... The mysterious new phase of matter that could show how glass behaves (and it only took researchers 30 PAGES... Did Enceladus TIP OVER? Cassini images reveal Saturn's moon might have been kocked over by an asteroid... Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled... Need a hand with that? Bizarre strap on bot can give you an extra pair of arms From a chess playing robot with 'supervision' to a backpack that lets you experience VR anywhere: Taiwan's... MORE HEADLINES Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display How many dots do YOU see? Scientists reveal how our brains prefer their own invented visual images to reality The surprising ancestry of ancient Egyptians: First ever genome study of mummies reveals they were more Turkish and European than African The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple That really IS a Grand Canyon: NASA releases stunning image of the famous landmark snapped from space Do YOU have superpower genes? Experts reveal three genetic mutations that can give you extraordinary abilities Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Is this the Galaxy Note 8? Leaked video claims to show the follow up to the explosion prone Samsung smartphone Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled in by an 'event horizon' Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like if it were built today How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their lifetime to become immigrants in distant empires The app that lets you 'talk' to a loved one after they die by creating a realistic avatar of them using a single selfie The incredible moment an octopus outsmarts a crab fisherman and steals his catch MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Intrepid explorers capture a series of breathtaking images after venturing deep into Britain's hidden underground wonders  158 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About CALIFORNIA Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Uber fires self-driving vehicle head Anthony Levandowski amid Google court case Uber fires self-driving vehicle head Anthony Levandowski amid Google court case Waymo 19 minutes ago Nest's £299 Cam IQ knows family from strangers, if you're willing to pay extra each month Nest's £299 Cam IQ knows family from strangers, if you're willing to pay extra each month Nest 8 minutes ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 31 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 31 Technology 46 minutes ago Andy Rubin takes the cover off his modular Essential PH-1 and Home assistant Andy Rubin takes the cover off his modular Essential PH-1 and Home assistant 1 day ago Astronomers take a step closer to proving event horizons around black holes do exist Astronomers take a step closer to proving event horizons around black holes do exist Black Holes 1 day ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 1 day ago Nasa set to reveal details of its first mission to the Sun Nasa set to reveal details of its first mission to the Sun Sun 1 day ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 50 minutes ago ARM's new chips could help bring more powerful AI to your home and phone ARM's new chips could help bring more powerful AI to your home and phone Chips 1 day ago Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies California 1 day ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 1 day ago Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo 12 May 2017 The biggest movie releases coming out in May The biggest movie releases coming out in May Film 08 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Technology 20 Mar 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now Netflix 4 days ago Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Formula One 1 day ago Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Podcast 4 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Uber fires self-driving vehicle head Anthony Levandowski amid Google court case Uber fires self-driving vehicle head Anthony Levandowski amid Google court case Waymo 19 minutes ago Nest's £299 Cam IQ knows family from strangers, if you're willing to pay extra each month Nest's £299 Cam IQ knows family from strangers, if you're willing to pay extra each month Nest 8 minutes ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 31 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for May 31 Technology 46 minutes ago Andy Rubin takes the cover off his modular Essential PH-1 and Home assistant Andy Rubin takes the cover off his modular Essential PH-1 and Home assistant 1 day ago Astronomers take a step closer to proving event horizons around black holes do exist Astronomers take a step closer to proving event horizons around black holes do exist Black Holes 1 day ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 1 day ago Nasa set to reveal details of its first mission to the Sun Nasa set to reveal details of its first mission to the Sun Sun 1 day ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 50 minutes ago ARM's new chips could help bring more powerful AI to your home and phone ARM's new chips could help bring more powerful AI to your home and phone Chips 1 day ago Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies California 1 day ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 1 day ago Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo's best Skills – and how to use them Amazon Echo 12 May 2017 The biggest movie releases coming out in May The biggest movie releases coming out in May Film 08 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Technology 20 Mar 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now Netflix 4 days ago Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Watch the F1 2017 season on Sky in Ultra HD Formula One 1 day ago Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Podcast 4 days ago California Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies The California: Designing Freedom exhibition in London explores how 60s counterculture has influenced tech from smartphones to search engines By James Temperton 1 day ago By James Temperton Tuesday 30 May 2017 Mark Weaver If you want to understand where the iPhone came from, head to the rolling hills of Northern California's Mendocino County and the home of Hog Farm - one of the US's oldest, and most successful, hippy communes. "Hippies were setting up communes and dropping out of mainstream society to build their own communities," says Justin McGuirk, lead curator at London's Design Museum. McGuirk, 41, has spent more than a year studying the recent history of Silicon Valley design for a major exhibition. "That was one of the key factors in 60s counterculture. You can trace that through everything we're seeing today in Silicon Valley, which is about individual and personal  liberation. The iPhone is a quintessential example of that." ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to WIRED Covering 900 square metres of the museum's new home in South Kensington, the California: Designing Freedom exhibition brings together key objects from the past six decades to explain how and why the iPhone is the way it is. Take Susan Kare's gridded notebook, which contains sketches of the Apple Macintosh's original desktop icons. "It's the first show to try and do justice to the influence of California in contemporary design culture," McGuirk explains. READ NEXT Google's driverless car just got pulled over for driving too slowly Google's driverless car just got pulled over for driving too slowly By Matt Burgess Apple's £249 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's £249 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 18 Nov 2016 From Apple to Facebook, the success of Silicon Valley firms doesn't just affect the technology we use, but also the way we behave and respond to design. In a world with 1.86 billion Facebook users, a billion iPhones sold since 2016 and 40,000 Google searches every second, it's hard to avoid California's influence. A central theme to the exhibition is personal liberation, an idea that was championed in those early communes, and which has trickled down to the most powerful companies. "A key thing for us is the Whole Earth Catalog," McGuirk says. Released in 1968, the magazine became an essential text for California's self-sufficient, DIY culture. "The idea of personal liberation is intrinsic to a Californian attitude," McGuirk says. "And the entrepreneur is the pinnacle of Californian individualism." The exhibition, which runs until October 15, is both a celebration and a critique of Californian design and culture. For Brendan McGetrick, a curator who worked with McGuirk on the exhibition, Californian design is not just rooted in hippy communes, but also in the military. "Everything that at the time was associated with the military industrial complex could be personalised and democratised. That idea resonates through almost everything in the show," McGetrick says. The microchip is a prime example: until the 70s, they were used largely to guide missiles. Decades later, they are integral to billions of devices. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Who is Sam? Amnesiac with cancer launches web campaign to find identity Who is Sam? Amnesiac with cancer launches web campaign to find identity By James Temperton Smog-free towers. Bioluminescent roads. Daan Roosegaarde is designing healthier cities Smog-free towers. Bioluminescent roads. Daan Roosegaarde is designing healthier cities Architecture 30 Apr 2017 One of the exhibition's bolder claims is that, in some ways, we are all Californians. "The use of smartphones and social media is a global phenomenon coming from Silicon Valley that has affected the way billions of people behave," McGuirk says. "Taking a selfie and posting it on Facebook is a quintessential Californian behaviour." Liberation, in Californian terms, also has a downside. The exhibition features adverts for the Apple PowerBook and Newton, devices that gave people freedom to work in their own way. "It's a freedom that also imprisons you," McGuirk says. "You never escape work any more. These assumptions are built into all of these things and they're coming from a specific ideology." He argues that these elements create friction in the story of California's design success. Apple and Google are understandable fixations, but the exhibition takes a broader view. "Trying to make it about California, rather than doing a tech show, creates surprises," McGuirk says. The differences between Southern and Northern Californian design reveal the clash between the neo-modernist graphic design of San Franciscan smartphones and the idiosyncratic approach of LA-based creatives. "Northern California makes the tools and Southern California has the freedom to be roguishly individualistic," McGuirk says. ADVERTISEMENT This to and fro between design cultures has even changed the way we speak. Corita Kent's 1965 screenprint "Powerup" is a political artwork that evolved into a description for turning on a computer. From the Black Panthers to the Free Speech Movement at the University of California, Berkeley, 60s political movements are also an influence on modern Californian design. One example is a booklet, given out at a 60s gay-rights protest to defend against police harassment, which is echoed today in an American Civil Liberties Union app to report police abuse. Ultimately, the exhibition celebrates the success of Californian design. "So many companies have studios in LA and San Francisco because they feel that's where they need to be," McGuirk adds. "'Designed in California' is not just a Californian thing any more." California: Designing Freedom runs until October 15 at London's Design Museum. This article was first published in the June 2017 issue of WIRED magazineView issue California Culture Facebook Apple Design Google Share this article RECOMMENDED A real-life David and Goliath: the Indian 'web warrior' who took on Facebook and won A real-life David and Goliath: the Indian 'web warrior' who took on Facebook and won By Matt Burgess Facebook 31 Oct 2016 Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of hardware - Trailer Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of hardware - Trailer By WIRED 31 May 2016 Google steps in to help the Faroe Islands with its Sheep View project Google steps in to help the Faroe Islands with its Sheep View project By Matt Burgess Nature 31 Aug 2016 Inside Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of hardware Inside Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of hardware By Matthew Reynolds Technology 06 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple hires Qualcomm Vice President to lead its wireless chip project Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 0 Apple has hired Esin Terzioglu, Qualcomm’s Vice President of Engineering, to act as the project lead on its wireless system-on-a-chip project, suggesting the Cupertino company could be developing its own baseband modem for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices, reports AppleInsider. Unlike Apple’s in-house designed chips, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processors  and Samsung’s own Exynos chips integrate the CPU, GPU and the LTE modem on the same chip package. iPhone 7, for instance, uses dedicated LTE modems from both Intel and Qualcomm. “After an amazing eight years at Qualcomm, it is time for me to move on to my next adventure,” Terzioglu shared the news via his LinkedIn account. “I feel privileged for the opportunity to continue my career at Apple,” he added. He is credit as an inventor of many Qualcomm patents. After joining Qualcomm in August 2009, Terzioglu lead the Qualcomm CDMA Technologies Central Engineering organization. He has a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering with a Ph.D. minor in Computer Science, both completed at Stanford University. Apple and Qualcomm are currently embroiled in a $1 billion licensing dispute related to the royalty fees the iPhone maker and other companies pay to Qualcomm for its cellular chips. According to Axios, the chip maker has asked a US court to force iPhone suppliers to keep paying it royalty fees, while it continues its legal battle with the Cupertino giant. Tagged: Apple Chips Hiring News Qualcomm Semiconductors Wireless MORE FROM iDB Apple sues Qualcomm over withholding $1B as ransom in Korean legal investigation Qualcomm could buy NXP, which supplies iPhones with NFC and motion-tracking chips Apple hires COO and engineers from iPhone graphics provider Imagination Technologies Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Laptops News Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 Asus updates laptop range at Computex 2017 Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Adam Shepherd News 30 May, 2017 New devices could prove worthy foes for Apple's MacBook range Asus has announced a slew of new products at Taiwan's Computex showcase, including the world's thinnest 2-in-1 and series of rivals for Apple's MacBook and MacBook Pro devices. The company's new flagship convertible, the Asus Zenbook Flip S, is a lightweight offering that weighs in at just 1.1kg, with a 10.9mm thickness. It features 16GB of RAM and an Intel Core i7 CPU - although this will doubtless be one of the Y-series models, so don't expect particularly chart-topping performance. The ZenBook Flip S is fitted with a 13in 4K screen, and features support for Windows Hello thanks to a built-in fingerprint reader. Cooling is taken care of by aerospace-grade aluminium and a 'vapour-chamber' cooling system; based on our previous experience with ultrathin convertibles, thermal efficiency is likely to be a key concern. Picture: ZenBook Flip S, courtesy of Asus Also announced was a new ZenBook Pro. Outfitted with a quad-core Core i7 processor, an Nvidia GTX 1050 Ti and a 15.6in 4K display, the new machine boasts some serious business-grade specifications. To further tempt customers away from Apple, the ZenBook Pro can be upgraded to feature a 1TB PCIe SSD and 16GB of DDR4 RAM - all of which is backed up with an impressive 14hr battery life. Picture: ZenBook Pro, courtesy of Asus Similarly, the ZenBook 3 Deluxe seems calculated to undercut Apple's MacBook, with a svelte 12.9mm frame and a weight of 1.1kg, twinned with a 1TB PCIe SSD, a Core i7 CPU and 16GB of RAM. Rounding out the announcements is a new VivoBook S, a fairly unremarkable entry aside from the fact that it manages to pack a Core i7 CPU, GeForce 940MX graphics card and 4K screen into a device that costs just $799. It's also got expansion options including a 2TB HDD and 16GB of RAM. With such a strong lineup, Asus could provide an increasingly attractive alternative to Apple for price-conscious CIOs. Main image: Zenbook 3 Deluxe, courtesy of Asus See related  Asus Zenbook UX305CA review Acer Swift 3 review: a capable all-rounder Asus ZenBook UX330UA review: the best-value ultrabook you'll see this year Read more about Laptops Asus CIO Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Laptops Intel open sources Thunderbolt 3 specs to boost adoption News 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Vs Asus ZenBook UX330UA review: the best-value ultrabook you'll see this year Reviews 4 Acer Swift 7 review Reviews 3 The IT challenges of agile working Analysis See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile Raspberry Pi 4: Google announces partnership with Raspberry Pi Foundation Desktop Hardware Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems How to boost your home Wi-Fi Networking 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: iPhone 8 Renders Reveal What The Anniversary Device Could Look Like By Darren Wall on May 30, 2017 9:48 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip It’s entirely possible that new leaks have revealed what the iPhone 8 could look like. Digitally designed images of the highly anticipated smartphone have found their way onto Twitter, thanks to the well-known designer, and leakster Benjamin Geskin. Screenshot Source: VenyaGeskin1/Twitter.com iPhone 8 Render Leaks As for what the renders reveal, that’s a handset which for the most part, supports many wide-spread rumors. One of which is that it will feature an edge-to-edge display, with the only remaining bezel being at the top. A place for which Apple will set the front-facing camera. Another rumor of note, which looks to be supported, relates to the iPhone 8 not having a Home Button. This render clearly shows that it is gone, it could mean that Apple has managed to embed Touch ID into the display, as rumors suggest. #iPhone8 CAD pic.twitter.com/sZknEva03A — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 28, 2017 CAD Drawings While Geskin, has been sharing beautiful looking renders, he has also taken to posting computer-assisted design drawings too. The image above shows the front and back of what he thinks is the iPhone 8. As for what this CAD drawing reveals, there’s clearly a vertically aligned dual-camera setup, with the flash nestled in between the sensors. However, on the front of the device, there’s a surprising feature missing, and that’s the much talked about Selfie-camera. Returning to its rear, the round shaped ring, according to Geskin is where the Apple Logo will be placed. In a recent tweet, he made it clear, that he didn’t think it was where the Touch ID would be stamped. Insider Sources Over the weekend, we reported that Geskin had received details from a source inside of Apple. These details suggested the iPhone 8’s announcement date, and a later on sale date. It was this information, which apparently, spurred Geskin, and others such as Slashleaks to begin revealing what the handset will look like. However, while these renders, mockups, and CAD designs may be somewhat revealing, they are not official. Apple is yet to reveal anything, although its WWDC developers conference does begin next week. So, there is the chance that we may finally at least hear some confirmation of the handset’s existence. Returning to the insider sources, Geskin, managed to get his hands on an internal Apple memo. A document which was meant specifically for the Apple Care team. Apparently, this memo informed members that all leave had been canceled. And additionally, no holiday’s would be granted between September 17 and November 4. This lead, to the tweeting of the iPhone 8 announcement happening on Sunday, September 17, and going on sale on September 25. The Note itself, read, as follows: “As you know, there are new product announcements and launches in September,’ the memo says. ‘We will be imposing Black Out Days in all AppleCare programs for Advisors and Leaders. ‘The upcoming Black Out Days will be September 17 through November 4’. It ends ‘absences are unacceptable’.” The above-leaked memo was shared by Geskin, just a couple of day’s after a video claimed to show what the iPhone 8 would look like. The 10-second video, which you can see below, seems to show a dummy device with many of the features being rumored. What Does The Video Reveal? To start with, it was Benjamin Geskin himself, who uploaded the short video to YouTube. On the matter, he said it shows a dummy device/display model of the iPhone 8 possibly from China. Does this reveal more than iPhone 8 renders? To be clear, it looks to stick to schematics and rumors we’ve seen previously. And that means, it sticks to the expected features, which include an edge-to-edge display, and its quite thin, and sleek. Additionally, maybe Apple has managed to solve for the iPhone 8, what Samsung could not for the Galaxy S8. As the absence of the Touch ID fingerprint sensor from the rear and front does seem to indicate it’s embedded under the display. That being said, some rumors have suggested that if Apple could not solve the embedding problem. It could do something as drastic, as the removal of Touch ID altogether. Moving to the rear of the device, we can see, what could be the housing for a dual-lens-3D camera. Again it’s a heavily rumored feature, which along with an OLED display could be the headline feature. Latest Rumor So, what do these iPhone 8 renders, dummy’s, and the latest rumors tell us about Apple’s next device? We already know/assume, that because this year marks the 10th-anniversarry of the iconic handset line, it will be different. And by that we don’t mean just in design, it will offer Apple fans, and those looking to switch, some real incentive to do so. Along with the images, a new rumor has emerged, apparently via one of Apple’s own partners. This leak/rumor, reveals one reason why the iPhone 8 will be different, and that’s shape. It will not be the same as previous handsets, according to China’s Economic Daily News, the chip maker TSMC has revealed the iPhone 8’s display will be longer with an aspect ratio of 18:5:9. This will be the same as is found on the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8. However, the reason behind this move is to increase the size of the handset display. But, also keep it narrow enough to enable it to be used in one hand. Tags: iPhone 8 Renders Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Rob Arnott: How “Smart Beta” Investing Can Become Dumb Investing Don’t Wait For Rough Markets To Take A Look At Alternatives Korea & Indonesia Appear Most Attractive In Asia What’s More Tax-Efficient Than ETFs? Maybe a Tax-Managed Fund Michael Lewis: A Warning for Index Investors From the Oakland A’s Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Recent Posts “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” coming August 8 on Apple Music LG Display pouring $3.5 billion into OLED production Reminder: BlackBerry KEYone available now from Amazon and Best Buy Essential Phone goes official, OnePlus 5 camera teaser & more – Pocketnow Daily Nokia 6 should go worldwide next month with its two compatriots Recent Comments Anonymous on BlackBerry Messenger manual for Android and iOS Anonymous on Here’s the Doogee MIX that Xiaomi was so clearly asking for Anonymous on Want a Blue Coral Galaxy Note 7? Samsung files a trademark application for a color Anonymous on Android N multi-window support docs tease free-floating “freeform” mode Anonymous on Apple introduces Apple Music with 24/7 global radio and cross-platform support Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals iOS New iPhone ads take on your phone… your bad, bad phone by Jules WangMay 29, 2017 8:03 pm Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Apple has really been pushing customers on competitors’ platforms to walk, jump, run over to an Apple Store. With saturated, developed markets moving onto the upgrade chain, the company has indeed been winning its crusade on switchers. If you have any reservations about it, the company has been crafting 15-second ad spots for you to watch while you’re on some sort of streaming service or on television or basically, you’re a captive audience. All of these implicitly promote the Move to iOS app that makes all the data transfers a user would need pretty darn easy. The more obvious ploys? iOS is smooth, more secure and easier to deal with for the long run. By the way, the Security spot, last on this showcase below, is currently #5 on YouTube’s Trending list. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 39% Like It 4% Want It 1% Had It 6% Hated It 50% ViaiClarified Posted In Android, BlackBerry, iOS, Phones, Windows Tags Apple, commercials, iPhone, marketing, Move to iOS, News Apple, commercials, iPhone, marketing, Move to iOS, News About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” coming August 8 on Apple Music LG Display pouring $3.5 billion into OLED production Reminder: BlackBerry KEYone available now from Amazon and Best Buy Essential Phone goes official, OnePlus 5 camera teaser & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Convertibles, Project Treble and Fear China! | #PNWeekly 254 Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 Google Fuchsia and OnePlus 5 Leaks | #PNWeekly 252 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next... Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Essential Phone goes official, OnePlus 5 camera teaser & more – Pocketnow Daily iPhone 8 special AI chip, LG V30 design leaks & more – Pocketnow Daily 24 hours with the HTC U11 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Skip to content menu BLOG Articles Tools SEO Infographics NEWS FREE STUFF Free Ebooks Free Themes WORDPRESS Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Search in posts Search in pages Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Get PDF Articles Inspiration 10 Essentials for Your iPad or How to Draw Like a Boss By Ann Kingaccess_time 18 hours ago chat_bubble_outlineLeave a comment 5/5 (6) It’s pretty cool to use iPad for making photos, surfing Facebook, watching movies, listening to music, and driving the YouTube crazy. As a matter of fact, iPads became an irreplaceable part of our comfortable living thanks to their features, mobility, and convenience. But what to do if you’d like not only to entertain yourself with this gadget, but also to work on your drawings? In this case, I think that your iPad should contain apps that cover vector art and provide you with a straight access to Illustrator or Photoshop. As a huge fan of drawing, I decided to find some awesome drawing apps for iPad to create my projects on the wave of inspiration whenever I am. Therefore, I can shamelessly say that your regular iPad can become an outstanding drawing tablet! So, view out these apps below, and hurry up to enrich your iPad with these really creative apps for drawing! Paper by FiftyThree - Sketch, Diagram, Take Notes Paper is a really cool app that allows you to create wonderful pieces of art using a wide range of tools. In fact, for even more beautiful projects you can combine Paper with Apple Pencil. Download QR-Code Paper von FiftyThree Developer: FiftyThree, Inc. Price: Free+ Cost: Free 🙂 iDesign iDesign allows you to create high-quality designs, technical drawings, and illustrations at ease right on your iPad! In general, the app is very simple in use, all your masterpieces will stay in sync between your Apple devices. Moreover, iDesign is smart, hence, you can easily get to frequently used toolbars and panels to boost your workflow. For instance, this drawing app will turn your iPad into the best tablet for digital art! Download QR-Code iDesign 2D Developer: TouchAware Limited Price: 8,99 € Cost: iDesign is available for $7.99. InkPad InkPad allows you to create stunning vector artworks on your iPad. Enjoy a truly high performance of this app, and feel free to export your masterpieces as high-resolution photos, send them via email,  or share them with friends via social media. It’s the best solution for the lowest price! Download QR-Code Inkpad – Vektor-Grafikdesign und Illustration Developer: Envoza Price: 3,49 € Cost: InkPad is available for $2.99. Astropad Dreaming of an art drawing software? Meet Astropad! Build by former Apple engineers, Astropad allows you to turn your iPad into a truly graphics tablet! Feel free to work straight in Illustrator or Photoshop using this app, and enjoy multiple drawing options with almost no bugs. In addition, it’s a really great mirroring app for your Mac! Cost: Astropad comes in 2 versions: standard and studio. Standard version allows you to pay $29.99 only once, meanwhile, Studio requires you to pay 64.99 per year. In fact, a free trial is also available. TouchDraw TouchDraw is a vector 2d drawing and diagramming app for your iPad. Crafted by Elevenworks, this app allows you not only to build gorgeous complex graphics, but also to change them the way you like. Create your libraries of reusable shapes, import and export drawings via multiple formats, enjoy Cloud storage support, and more! Moreover, there are lots of standard features and advanced tools that you can easily use to spice up your drawings. Download QR-Code TouchDraw Developer: Elevenworks LLC Price: 9,99 € Cost: TouchDraw is available for $8.99. iDisplay Another iPad drawing app is iDisplay. In general, it is a very popular app that allows you to use your iPad as a second computer screen. It provides you with more space to be high-productive working on your projects. Feel free to implement your drawing ideas the way you like with this app, it’s a very easy-to-use one, hence, you get smart screen resolution, responsiveness, and multi-touch on every platform you need. Download QR-Code iDisplay Developer: SHAPE GmbH Price: 10,99 € Cost: iDisplay is available for $7.99 Autodesk Graphic If you’re dreaming of the best drawing tablet, you definitely need to get Autodesk Graphic! In essence, earlier this app was called iDraw, today everyone knows it as Graphic. In addition, it is a cool vector app that allows you to create badass skull drawings with pleasure and joy! Small wonder that so many users choose Autodesk Graphic, it’s really awesome! Illustrate, enjoy your graphic design tablet on the go, create mockups and UI design masterpieces, and, also,  sync your designs in a blink of an eye! Download QR-Code Graphic - illustration and design Developer: Indeeo, Inc. Price: 9,99 € Cost: Autodesk Graphic is available for $8.99. Air Display Crafted by Avatron, Air Display is another cool mirroring app that allows you to connect up to 4 monitors at the same time to see the work that you’ve made on your tablet. Similarly, use a wireless connection to create your own powerful workstation with this app. Moreover, it is pretty intuitive to install. Cost: In fact, there are 4 opportunities to enjoy this app. You can get Air Display 3 for $9.99 from App Store likewise you can download Air Stylus for Galaxy Note for $14.99 from Google Play.  In addition, Air Display for Mac will cost you $19.99 (avatron.com), meanwhile,  Air Display for Windows allows you to pay $19.99 (avatron.com). Intaglio Sketchpad Lite In particular, it is a fully-featured app that turns your iPad into the best tablet for drawing! Feel free to create and to edit shapes and text blocks as well as to explore a professional set of drawing tools. Multi-touch navigation, gradients, patterns, drop shadows, easy-customizable drawing scale, and size, and more just here, in one place! In brief, being free, this app lacks drawing import, export,  and printing. Moreover, here you’re a bit limited to a single drawing containing no more than 12 graphics. Download QR-Code Intaglio Sketchpad Lite Developer: Purgatory Design Price: Free Cost: Free 🙂 Splashtop Splashtop is a nice app that allows you to access your Mac or Windows-based computer from a smartphone, tablet, or another computer. In addition, there is a simple installation just in 3 steps, so, you can enjoy the full power of this app in a matter of few clicks. Cost: Splashtop is free for personal use on your local home network. To point out, if you’d like to get “Anywhere access”, you need to pay $16.99 per year. In fact, a version for commercial use is also available, check the details on the official website. In the long run... Of course, Apple Computers produces cool gadgets. However, lots of people thought that they can be used only for entertaining purposes. In addition, I hope that all described apps in this article will help you to use every iPad you have as a great tool for creating real projects. Surely, now you know that this device can turn into digital drawing tablet on the fly! Stay Tuned! How do you like these drawing apps? What application do you like the most? I’m really happy to hear from you, therefore, you’re very welcome to drop me a line in the comments section! On balance, do not forget to rate and share this post with your friends so they can grab some great apps too. Enjoy your featured iPads, compose drawing masterpieces, and thanks for reading! 🙂 P.S. All things considered, check our web design templates to create truly stunning websites for showcasing your projects! 🙂 Rate this post folder_openTagged in: Apps, Creative Stuff, Life Hacks, Tools, Usability, Web Design Written by Ann King I adore writing about web development, marketing, and blogging and enjoy learning languages, and exploring the world! Sometimes can be too crazy. Follow me on Twitter. Post navigation Previous Post Previous Post 5 Great Tips That Every Freelancer Should Follow Next Post Next Post ‘Brave’ Multipurpose Website Template Designed for the Reckless Get Updates Subscribe You successfully subscribed Recommended for You! Free Stuff Photoshop 25+ Free Photoshop Gradient Sets to Improve Your Graphics by Lilian Rigo access_time5 days ago Free Stuff Typography 50 Free Vintage Fonts to Forget About Lobster Forever by Jeremy Blackwood access_time1 week ago Free Stuff Web Design Freepik and Flaticon's Beautiful Mother's Day Themed Freebie Pack by Alex Bulat access_time3 weeks ago Free Stuff Photoshop 50 Free Smoke Brushes for Photoshop by Lilian Rigo access_time3 weeks ago Free eBooks The Ultimate Website Builders Comparison [Free eBook] Shopify. The Quiet Revolution in eCommerce? [Free eBook] Content Marketing Done Right: a Collection of Must-read Ideas Family Business: Behind the TemplateMonster Scenes Content Marketing 101: The Must-Know Essentials Gеt Free MotoCMS eBook to Bring Light into Promoting Your Business with Google Adwords The Art of Growing Your Presence on Pinterest [Free eBook] Making Your Website Responsive. What Are Your Options? [Free Ebook] What Can Go Wrong When Launching a Website [Free eBook] Ideas for Living-Room Business that Pay More than a Full-Time Job [Free eBook] Products WordPress Themes Website Templates Magento Themes Joomla Templates PrestaShop Themes WooCommerce Themes Website Builder OpenCart Templates Drupal Templates Shopify Themes Categories Business & Services Fashion & Beauty Home & Family Design & Photography Real Estate Cars & Motorcycles Medical Sports, Outdoors & Travel Food & Restaurant Electronics Company Journey of a Thousand Miles Longreads Free eBooks Monster Alibi Customer Success Stories Startup Hub Affiliate Program Love Hate Wall Contact Us Team Job Listings Best Articles of 2017 Building TemplateMonster Affiliate Store. The Complete Guide [Free eBook] Ultimate SEO Guide 2017 for Blogs, Business & eCommerce Sites 50 Working Tips for Successful Affiliate Selling How to Get the Most of Affiliate Programs? [Long and Uncut Guide] Color Theory Explained: What Color Scheme Should I Choose? Feedly Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Dribbble © 2017 Jetimpex, Inc. © 2010 - 2017 All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads | Main | While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious » May 30, 2017 LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer   Last month Patently Apple posted a report noting that a senior official at LG Display had told the Korean press that they received a request to take part in a bid for receiving an order for small and medium-sized OLEDs from Apple. LG is to decide in June on the matter. Ten days earlier we had reported that Google was in negotiations with LG Display for a new OLED plant and joint venture regarding foldable smartphones. Today we're learning that LG plans to invest US$3.5 billion into its new production plant called the P10 to beef up its production of OLED panels for smartphones. The report specially added that the OLED displays would be aimed for the iPhone and beyond.   The Korean report published today specifically states that "Although it was planning to make investments mostly on large OLEDs for TVs initially, it is currently thinking about making investments on OLEDs for Smartphones first. It seems that LG Display is planning to secure its position as the second supplier for Apple iPhone by quickly increasing its production capability of OLED for Smartphone." That would be wise considering that Foxconn/Sharp are going full tilt trying to win orders from Apple as well.   LG Display is going to start bringing in equipment corresponding to first stage of investment in March of 2018. It is going to bring equipment in March and September and secure production capability for 30,000 OLED panels first. Equipment corresponding to second stage of investment will be brought in November of 2018 and January of 2019.   When investments into P10, E5, and E6 are finished by 2019, LG Display will then have production capability to produce 120,000 flexible OLED panels per month based on 6th generation panel. This amount corresponds to half of Samsung Display's current production capability.   The Korean report basically covered LG's new OLED plant. However, because they note that "it seems" that LG Display is planning to secure its position as the second supplier for the iPhone, it's not conclusive.   In light of LG's negotiations with Google specifically relating to "flexible OLED" (FOLED), the plant could end up being for other partners other than Apple, such as Google. So while it's likely a plant designed to supply Apple with OLED panels for future iPhones, until LG makes it official at a future meeting with analysts like they've done in the past, the partner LG Display is aiming the OLED plant for will remain a mystery.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 30, 2017 at 07:37 AM in 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads Apple Granted 41 Patents Today Covering a Head Mounted Display, Advancements for Apple TV with Siri and more Asus introduced their new ZenBook Pro at Computex to get ahead of Apple's MacBook Refresh Next Monday Microsoft continues to work on a Folding Smartphone while Samsung Wins Patent for a Scrollable Phone or Mobile TV Steve Wozniak, Guest Speaker at Montreal's C2 Trade Show, Talks about Apple, Siri, AI and more in Interview Former Apple Creative Director who left to work at Huawei is now starting her own Company called 'Abalone' Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, May 31, 2017 As of 5:01 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017 latest news: Change in delivery date of 15-inch variant linked to anticipated new Apple laptops By Ryan Patrick on May 30 2017 11:32 PM 0 0 0 0 The 2016 MacBook Pro was revealed on Oct. 27. YouTube/Apple Apple has conspicuously changed the delivery schedule for the 15-inch MacBook Pro 2016 for US customers. The Cupertino company has pushed the delivery date for buyers of the 2016 model with the fastest delivery option set for June 5 and the free delivery option on June 6 at the earliest. Apple has been known to alter the delivery dates, though most have somehow associated it with the potential release of upgraded MacBook Pro 2017 models. As mentioned in a previous post, the Cupertino company may introduce upgraded models of the variant which would be armed with an Intel Kaby Lake chipset, Mac Rumors reports. It is possible that Apple may be trying to control stocks and opt to produce 2016 MacBook Pro models in safer volumes. That version drew its share of criticism, mostly hitting on Apple’s decision to use an Intel Skylake chipset. As most know, Apple was backed into a wall before eventually deciding to release the MacBook Pro refresh. Availability of the Intel Kaby Lake chipset was unstable last year before eventually normalizing in early 2017. The reason behind the release of the MacBook Pro 2016 was seen as a way for Apple to maintain its regular schedule of releasing new models for its laptop line. But now, it seems the Cupertino company will break that anyway with a suggested revelation of upgraded MacBook Pro 2017 models at WWDC 2017. Another point worth noting is that it is only the 15-inch model that got a pushed back delivery date. The 13-inch MacBook Pro is in stock and can be delivered as early as the next day. It remains to be seen if there will be an upgraded 13-inch MacBook Pro models, something that could be announced at the upcoming Apple event. In other regions, it seems that 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery estimates have also hit a snag. The United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and several other countries are reportedly experiencing long waits, hinting that Apple may have other plans ahead. The Cupertino company may have toned down production, as they expect demand for the anticipated MacBook Pro 2017 to run like crazy if it is introduced at the WWDC 2017. Apple normally allows 320 days before a new model is released. If a MacBook Pro 2017 does come out on June 5, the 2016 model would be below that average with only 220 days passed. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple starts to clean house, ending support for 17-inch G4 Powerbook this June New MacBook Pro and MacBook Air among devices expected at WWDC 2017 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Aussies paying $31 billion in superannuation per year 0 Shares 2 'Designated Survivor' season 2 cast update: Kiefer Sutherland snapped in totally un-Kirkman-like behaviour at a bar; pursues music career during season break 0 Shares 3 'General Hospital' spoilers for May 24: Sonny confides in Dante; Valentin rebuffs Anna; Charlotte gets in harm’s way 0 Shares 4 Great Barrier Reef coral bleaching still threatening 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New picture of Sam Heughan on ship 0 Shares 7 'Poldark' season 3: Leaked picture shows Demelza on a beach 0 Shares 8 Florianna Lima will make as-needed appearances next season on 'Supergirl' 0 Shares 9 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Sigurd’s death questioned; Ragnar’s son could still be alive 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over Aussie CeBIT starts; highlights cyber security, big data, FinTech, digital health and more Aussies can save $3,184 per year by borrowing money online: Mozo Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Tiger Woods refused breathalyser test before DUI arrest 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic advance to second round Golden State Warriors set to extend Jerry West's contract Australian players could boycott 2017 Rugby League World Cup Tony Parker not ready to retire, looks forward to 2017-18 season 2017 NBA Finals: Steve Kerr not ready to coach Warriors More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Pippa Middleton weds: All the pictures from the ‘wedding of the year’ Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Lucifer’ season 2 episode 18 preview: Missing family members ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 trailer breakdown ‘Outlander’ season 3: Reunion will result in ‘intense’ love scene 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 6 'Customer Service' spoilers 'Arrow' star John Barrowman confirms that he won't be back as Malcolm Merlyn ‘Poldark’ season 3: First scene details More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Latest Apple Park drone tour provides our first peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater [Video] Ben Lovejoy - May. 30th 2017 5:55 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Park View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Apple Park images keep coming. Soon after the first press images, lovely sunset footage and 3D buildings in Apple Maps, the latest 4K drone footage gives us our first glimpse inside the Steve Jobs Theater. Drone pilot Matthew Roberts noticed that some of the window coverings on the auditorium had been removed, so took us down low for a sneak peek … NordVPN We can’t make out too much detail, and it’s clear that there’s still construction work going on inside, but the partial removal of the covers does suggest that Apple is getting close to completing that work. There’s still a little tinkering being done here and there on the main spaceship ring, but both this and the main R&D building look very nearly finished. The most obvious work in progress now is on the landscaping – the areas surrounding the buildings still look very much like a construction site, with a lot of bare mud, piles of dirt and earth-moving equipment in evidence. Inside the ring, we can see what looks like framework for some shaded outdoor seating areas, and the historic Glendenning Barn Apple is preserving as part of the campus. One lucky person will be getting early access to the Park as they have lunch with Tim Cook on the campus – albeit a meal with a pretty pricy tab! You can watch earlier footage and keep up with all the latest campus news in our Apple Park guide. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Toggle navigation Email Sign-Up Contact Us About Us Republish Our Content Follow Us: @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Toggle navigation Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured KHN Morning Briefing Summaries of health policy coverage from major news organizations May 30 2017 full issue Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Apple’s ResearchKit Poised To Become Actually Medically Useful Much of the early research scientists were doing with ResearchKit wasn’t clinical in nature; rather it simply studied the feasibility of using mobile apps to collect health data. But that may be about to change. In other health IT news, Molina Healthcare is investigating a potential data breach. Stat: Two Years In, What Has Apple ResearchKit Accomplished? In March 2015, Apple promised to change the way medical research could be done. It launched ResearchKit, which could turn millions of iPhones around the world into a “powerful tool for medical research,” the company said at the time. Since then, ResearchKit — software that gives would-be app developers a library of coding to create health apps on the iPhone and Apple Watch — has spawned a number of studies: One team has used it to create an app to track Parkinson’s symptoms; another is trying out a screening protocol for autism. A third helps people inventory the moles on their skin and evaluate how they have changed over time. (Sheridan, 5/26) California Healthline: Molina Healthcare, A Top Obamacare Insurer, Investigates Breach Of Patients’ Data Molina Healthcare, a major insurer in Medicaid and state exchanges across the country, has shut down its online patient portal as it investigates a potential data breach that may have exposed sensitive medical information. The company said Friday that it closed the online portal for medical claims and other customer information while it examined a “security vulnerability.” It’s not clear how many patient records might have been exposed and for how long. The company has more than 4.8 million customers in 12 states and Puerto Rico. (Terhune, 5/26) Meanwhile, not everything is moving toward the technology of the future — NPR: In The Age Of Digital Medicine, The Humble Reflex Hammer Hangs On Receiving a diagnosis in 2017 — at least one made at a medical center outfitted with the latest clinical gadgetry — might include a scan that divides your body into a bread loaf of high-resolution digital slices. Your DNA might be fed through a gene sequencer that spits out your mortal code in a matter of hours. Even your smartphone might soon be used to uncover health problems. Yet nearly 130 years since its inception — after decades of science has mapped out our neuronal pathways — a simple knob of rubber with a metal handle remains one of medicine's most essential tools. I'm referring to the cheap, portable, easy-to-use reflex hammer. (Stetka, 5/28) This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing, a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations. Sign up for an email subscription. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish We want to hear from you: Contact KHN Previous From Health Industry Former Theranos Directors Did Not Follow Up On Public Allegations, Court Documents Reveal Recent Morning Briefings Tuesday, May 30 Friday, May 26 Thursday, May 25 Wednesday, May 24 Tuesday, May 23 Monday, May 22 More RSS Top Stories Two Medicare Advantage Insurers Settle Whistleblower Lawsuit For $32 Million May 30 Handshake-Free Zone: Keep Those Hands — And Germs — To Yourself In The Hospital May 30 Drug Rebates Reward Industry Players — And Often Hurt Patients May 30 RSS Email Sign-Up Sign Up Most Viewed Most Shared Most Popular UnitedHealth Doctored Medicare Records, Overbilled U.S. By $1 Billion, Feds Claim Putting A Lid On Waste: Needless Medical Tests Not Only Cost $200B — They Can Do Harm Influx Of Elderly Patients Forces ER To Practice Comfort Care Millions Of Ill People May Face ‘Extremely High Premiums’ Under House Bill, CBO Says Molina Healthcare, A Top Obamacare Insurer, Investigates Breach Of Patients’ Data Most Shared UnitedHealth Doctored Medicare Records, Overbilled U.S. By $1 Billion, Feds Claim Millions Of Ill People May Face ‘Extremely High Premiums’ Under House Bill, CBO Says Putting A Lid On Waste: Needless Medical Tests Not Only Cost $200B — They Can Do Harm Influx Of Elderly Patients Forces ER To Practice Comfort Care Strategies To Defend Unpopular GOP Health Bill: Euphemisms, False Statements And Deleted Comments Home Health Law Medicare Medicaid Cost & Quality Health Industry Pharma Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured Republish Our Content Original KHN stories can be republished for free, and XML feeds are available. Learn More Ways to Follow Us @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Email Sign-Up The KHN Morning Briefing and other emails. Sign Up © 2017 Kaiser Family Foundation. All rights reserved. About Us Contact Us Editorial Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Hospitality REIT Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ASA Gold and Precious Metals (ASA) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44 Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds AEGON (AEG) Earning Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Ashford (AINC) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for EI Group PLC (EIG) Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Research Coverage Started at Evercore ISI BMO Capital Markets Boosts HP Inc (HPQ) Price Target to $20.00 Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Sells $1,792,800.00 in Stock Harold Hamm Acquires 36,452 Shares of Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Stock KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc (KREF) Research Coverage Started at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Geopark Ltd (GPRK) Research Coverage Started at EuroPacific Canada Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Position Reduced by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Elkfork Partners LLC Has $905,000 Stake in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Suntrust Banks Inc. Reduces Stake in Healthequity Inc (HQY) GATX Co. (GATX) Position Cut by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) have trended somewhat positive on Tuesday, Alpha One reports. Alpha One, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Apple Hospitality REIT earned a media sentiment score of 0.18 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. A number of research firms have recently commented on APLE. FBR & Co restated a “hold” rating on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Saturday, May 6th. Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.40. Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) opened at 18.84 on Tuesday. Apple Hospitality REIT has a 52 week low of $17.32 and a 52 week high of $20.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.50 and a beta of 0.67. The company has a 50-day moving average of $18.92 and a 200 day moving average of $19.28. Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.01. Apple Hospitality REIT had a return on equity of 2.98% and a net margin of 8.78%. The firm had revenue of $292.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $291.05 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.40 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Apple Hospitality REIT will post $0.97 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a $1.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. Apple Hospitality REIT’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 250.01%. In other news, Director Jon A. Fosheim purchased 1,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $19.02 per share, for a total transaction of $28,530.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 16,037 shares in the company, valued at $305,023.74. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 5,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 25th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $18.99 per share, for a total transaction of $102,546.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now owns 10,021,357 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $190,305,569.43. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 22,500 shares of company stock worth $427,964. 6.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. WARNING: “Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/apple-hospitality-reit-aple-getting-somewhat-positive-media-coverage-report-finds.html. Apple Hospitality REIT Company Profile Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc is a hospitality real estate investment trust. The Company invests in real estate, primarily in the lodging sector, in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 235 hotels with an aggregate of 30,073 rooms located in urban, suburban and developing markets throughout 33 states. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Smartphones Android co-founder reveals new smartphone to take on Apple and Samsung The Essential Phone features a bezel-free screen, dual 13mp cameras and a 360˚ video plugin using a new port As with the iPhone, there’s no headphone jack on the Essential Phone. Photograph: Essential Smartphones Android co-founder reveals new smartphone to take on Apple and Samsung The Essential Phone features a bezel-free screen, dual 13mp cameras and a 360˚ video plugin using a new port Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern @alexhern Tuesday 30 May 2017 08.58 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 30 May 2017 12.08 EDT The co-founder of the Android operating system, Andy Rubin, has revealed his first new creation since leaving Google in 2014: a $699 Android phone that aims to take on Apple and Samsung for the high end of the mobile market. The phone, created by Rubin’s new firm, Essential, comes with the standard top-of-the-line setup in many areas: a 5.7in QHD display, a pair of 13MP rear cameras and an 8MP front-facing one, a 7.8mm thick body and USB-C connector at the base (although, taking a cue from Apple, there’s no headphone jack on the device). But the featureEssential hopes will make the phone stand out is hidden in two metallic dots on the back of the phone, to the right of the twin cameras. Those make up a new expansion port that allows accessories to be magnetically clipped straight into the device - providing structural stability as well as leaving the USB-C port free. At launch, there will be only one such accessory, a $199, 360˚ camera that peers over the edge of the phone and allows for video and photos to be taken and shared on the move. According to the Verge, others will follow, including a charging dock and the possibility of audio accessories to make up for the absent headphone jack. Aside from the new port, Essential also plans to jump into the lead in a few selected fields. The most eye-catching aspect of the device is its screen, which puts even the Galaxy S8 to shame: not only is it almost entirely bezel-free at the sides, it also extends the screen up to the very top of the device, past the selfie camera (which leaves a small black notch in the middle of the picture as a result). The Essential Phone also implements a trick previously seen in the Huawei P9 and P10 - the second rear camera contains a monochrome sensor, which responds better in low-light conditions, and can be used in conjunction with the main camera to handle extremely dark environments. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Also being launched by the company is the Google Home and Amazon Echo rival, the Essential Home. Photograph: Essential One thing we don’t know about the phone is when shoppers will be able to get their hands on it. No release date has been announced yet, and the device is currently only available for pre-order in the US. Alongside a phone, Essential also lifted the lid on a second product, which it calls Home. It shares similarities with its namesake, the Google Home: a small device designed to be left in the corner of a room, connected to the internet and used as a personal assistant for life admin tasks. But unlike the Google Home, or the Amazon Echo, Essential’s Home contains a large round touchscreen, and runs its own customised operating system called Ambient OS. Users can control their smart home devices, set timers and play music with the Essential Home, just like they can with its competitors, but they can also ask for directions and see them displayed on screen, or simply navigate the device manually rather than verbally. “The idea behind Essential Home is that technology is there, supportive, and proactive enough to be helpful, without forcing you to ask or type a question,” says Mara Segal, head of product for Essential’s parent company, Playground. “It’s in your environment; you can tap or glance at it, but it never intrudes or takes you away from the things that are important to you.” The Home has neither a price, nor a release date as yet. Topics Smartphones Internet Gadgets Smart homes Mobile phones Telecoms news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Smartphones tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Coming Off a Slow 2016, Smartphone Shipment Volume Expected to Recover in 2017 and Gain Momentum into 2018, According to IDC By Published: May 30, 2017 8:30 a.m. ET Share FRAMINGHAM, Mass., May 30, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- According to a new forecast from the International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, worldwide smartphone shipments are expected to rebound slightly in 2017 with expected growth of 3.0% over the previous year. In 2016, year-over-year growth was 2.5%, marking the lowest growth the industry has ever experienced. With several major devices entering the market this year, IDC anticipates shipment volumes will grow to 1.52 billion in 2017. And IDC expects this momentum to carry into 2018, when smartphone shipments are forecast to grow 4.5% year over year, fueled by improved economic conditions in many emerging markets and a full year of new iPhone shipments from Apple. "2016 was an interesting year for smartphones with some high-growth markets down and other mature markets like the U.S. and China outpacing global growth rates," said Ryan Reith, program vice president with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Device Trackers. "Looking ahead, we continue to believe several factors will enable the smartphone market to regain some of its momentum. First and foremost is that less than half the world's population is currently using a smartphone, and markets like the Middle East & Africa, Central & Eastern Europe, and Southeast Asia still have plenty of room to grow. In addition, as consumers continue to demand more from their smartphones we expect to see a large portion of the installed base that is currently using low-end devices begin to seek a more robust experience on more capable devices. Media consumption, gaming, augmented and virtual reality, and constant connectivity are drivers of this trend." The other big topic in the smartphone industry is the intense fight for the high end of the market. Samsung has made a lot of noise with its recent Galaxy S8 and S8+ device launches, further proving that last year's Note 7 debacle is not going to alter the company's plans for remaining number one. And all signs point to late 2017 being one of Apple's biggest, if not the biggest, product announcements with the highly anticipated next round of iPhones. Despite the massive growth of the low-end smartphone market in the past few years, IDC still fully expects the high-end market will continue to hold its place in the industry. Advancements in computing, display technology, cameras, and storage will continue to create the need for high-end users to refresh their devices. "With the ongoing fight at the high end, vendors will need to find a way to innovate ahead of the curve to attract new users and increase shipments while driving profits," said Anthony Scarsella, research manager with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker. "The display looks like it could be the next battlefield for the smartphone over the next couple years. We have seen both Samsung and LG opt for new borderless 18:9 displays and Apple could be set to join the party later this year. As smartphone owners continue to consume media on their devices, the screen (bigger, brighter, and bolder) will be an integral part of the overall design language for each vendor. From flexible to foldable and everything between, 18:9 displays look to be just the beginning of what's to come." Platform Highlights Android: The discussion around Android's share of the smartphone market became irrelevant a few years back when it became clear that devices running Google's OS would continue to capture roughly 85% of the worldwide smartphone volume. What is interesting is to look at the many micro-trends going on within the platform. Despite a slew of very attractive high-end Android products, IDC continues to see Android average selling prices (ASPs) decline and expectations are that the 1.5 billion Android phones that ship in 2021 will have a collective ASP of $198. Looking closer at 2018, the Middle East & Africa region for Android devices is expected to be the fastest growing at 10% year over year, which will well outpace the forecast for worldwide growth of 4.1%. iOS: Coming off the first year in which iPhone shipments declined, expectations are that 2017 volumes will grow 3.8%. IDC slightly lowered its 2017 projections for Apple in this forecast to 223.6 million, while increasing its 2018 volumes to 240.4 million. All signs point to late 2017 and certainly 2018 being very strong for Apple as much of its installed base seems ready for a refresh and the next round of iPhones is not likely to disappoint its fans. Windows Phone: Windows Phone shipments continue to fall as the lack of new hardware partners, developer support, and overall enthusiasm for the platform show no immediate signs of recovery. IDC expects 2017 volumes to decline 80.9% to just 1.1 million units. Microsoft has yet to fully commit to any "Surface"-style attack for smartphones or to push new vendors to embrace the platform, leaving little hope of mounting a full scaled comeback in the years to come.   Worldwide Smartphone Platform Shipments, Market Share, Year-Over-Year Growth, and 5-Year CAGR, 2017 and 2021 (shipments in millions) Platform   2017 Shipment Volume*     2017 Market Share*     2017 Annual Growth*     2021 Shipment Volume*     2021 Market Share*     2021 Annual Growth*     2016-2021 CAGR* Android   1,290.7     85.1%     3.5%     1,491.1     85.5%     3.1%     3.6% iOS   223.6     14.7%     3.8%     252.1     14.5%     1.4%     3.2% Windows Phone   1.1     0.1%     -80.9%     0.3     0.0%     -18.0%     -44.8% Others   1.6     0.1%     -64.4%     1.0     0.1%     -5.3%       Total   1,517.0     100.0%     3.0%     1,744.6     100.0%     2.9%     3.4% Source: IDC Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, May 30, 2017 * Table Note: All figures are forecast projections. In addition to the table above, an interactive graphic showing IDC's worldwide smartphone shipment forecast by screen size is available here. The chart is intended for public use in online news articles and social media. Instructions on how to embed this graphic can be found by viewing this press release on IDC.com. About IDC Trackers IDC Tracker products provide accurate and timely market size, vendor share, and forecasts for hundreds of technology markets from more than 100 countries around the globe. Using proprietary tools and research processes, IDC's Trackers are updated on a semiannual, quarterly, and monthly basis. Tracker results are delivered to clients in user-friendly excel deliverables and on-line query tools. For more information about IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, please contact Kathy Nagamine at 650-350-6423 or knagamine@idc.com. About IDC International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC's analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of International Data Group (IDG), the world's leading media, data and marketing services company that activates and engages the most influential technology buyers. To learn more about IDC, please visit www.idc.com. Follow IDC on Twitter at @IDC and LinkedIn. All product and company names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170530005464/en/ SOURCE: International Data Corporation"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@IDC International Data Corporation Melissa Chau, +65 6829 7713 melissachau@idc.com or Anthony Scarsella, +1 508-935-4712 ascarsella@idc.com or Ryan Reith, +1 650-350-6242 rreith@idc.com or Michael Shirer, +1-508-935-4200 press@idc.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage ‘Euro-dollar parity is dead,’ say analysts 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     MacBook Delivery Dates Lengthen Ahead Of Rumored Refresh Posted: May 30 2017, 5:47am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, Updated: May 30 2017, 11:23pm CDT, in News | Apple     Only 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery times are slipping. There are a few sure fire ways to tell if Apple has plans for new products to be launched. One of the best is to watch the delivery dates of products. Apple tends to stop production of existing versions in the build up to the launch of new versions of the devices, which means delivery dates on the current generation of whatever product it is start to lengthen. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in Stock Online This is exactly what is happening right now with the MacBook Pro notebooks. Delivery dates have slipped to between June 6-8 for free delivery a June 5-7 for the fastest delivery. Rumors continue to suggest that an update for the MacBook range will be landing at WWDC kicking off next month. The long ignored MacBook Air is tipped for a refresh as well. The update for the range is expected to include Kaby Lake processors and if you are hoping for a refresh to the external design, sorry to say only internal upgrades are expected. Something of note is that only the 15-inch MacBook Pro model ship dates have slipped. This has led to some speculation that perhaps only the larger MacBook Pro models will be updated at WWDC. Or perhaps Apple was simply sitting on a larger stockpile of the smaller machines. That said, Apple has chosen in the past to launch refreshed 13-inch and 15-inch MacBooks at different times. This happened in 2012 when the Retina MacBooks first landed, the 15-inch version launched in June and the 13-inch flavor didn't land until October reports MacRumors. Delivery dates for 15-inch MacBook Pros of current generation are similarly long in most other markets as well. The last update for the MacBook line came in October 2016 and if the macs get an update next month it will be the fastest refresh for the MacBook Pro line in a while. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News iPhone 8 Requires New Apps 22 hours ago, 1:48am CDT Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 1 day ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 1 day ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:51am CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 10 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 12 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 13 hours ago, 10:36am CDT E3 2017: What to Expect From Sony PlayStation E3 Show 16 hours ago, 7:35am CDT NASA Announces its First Mission to Touch the Sun: Watch Live 17 hours ago, 7:26am CDT PS Plus June 2017 Leaked Games for PS4 are Life is Strange and Killing Floor 2 17 hours ago, 7:15am CDT This New Tech Can Turn You into a Bronze Statue 17 hours ago, 7:07am CDT Nintendo Switch Success Causes Fight Between Nintendo and Apple 17 hours ago, 6:55am CDT What to Expect From Playstation E3 Experience 2017? 17 hours ago, 6:46am CDT Nintendo Switch Availability To be Constraint Until E3 2017 18 hours ago, 6:28am CDT Meet Biki: World’s First Bionic Underwater Fish Drone 18 hours ago, 5:47am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News iPhone 8 Requires New Apps Best Science Stories of the Week   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals and Sales Apple iPhone 8 Requires New Apps 22 hours ago, 1:48am CDT Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 1 day ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 1 day ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 10 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 12 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 13 hours ago, 10:36am CDT E3 2017: What to Expect From Sony PlayStation E3 Show 16 hours ago, 7:35am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Nintendo Switch Success Causes Fight Between Nintendo And Apple Posted: May 30 2017, 6:55am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   Apple and Nintendo reportedly fight over parts in the supply chain. The success of the Nintendo Switch has Nintendo scramble for electronic parts in the Asian supply chain. Nintendo has changed the production goal for the Nintendo Switch from 10 to 18 million units for the fiscal year ending April, 2018. Now the target is even 20 million according to a new report. Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com "Nintendo has told suppliers and assemblers it hopes to make nearly 20 million units of the Switch device in the year ending March 2018, people involved in the discussions said. Though the company’s official sales target for the year is 10 million, strong demand suggests it can sell many more—if it can make them," said Takashi Mochizuki in a new Wall Street Journal report. This ramp up requires the procuration of essential components such as NAND chips and vibration actuators. In the electronic component market Nintendo is now clashing with companies like Apple. The Cupertino giant is preparing the new iPhones for the fall release. Apple is designing more and more components themselves, but they still rely on lots of standard components as well for the iPhone. Especially NAND is in short supply according to the report. The component shortage is likely keeping Nintendo from reaching the 20 million unit goal. The supply of the Nintendo Switch has dried up again ahead of E3. A new major shipment is expected in time for the E3 2017 and the ARMS release on June 16. This Summer brings already two blockbuster Nintendo Switch games. Besides Arms in June, Splatoon 2 will be released on July 21. Amazon offers ARMS on sale for $50.99 for everyone and Prime members pay $47.99. At the moment there is no way to buy a Nintendo Switch console online. GameStop has sold out of its $399.99 Nintendo Switch bundles. Select Walmart stores received the Switch on Memorial Day. There is no sign of fresh inventory on Tuesday yet. Nintendo is expected to supply retailer with substantial Switch stock in time for the ARMS release on June 16. The once again high-riding Japanese video game maker has done the same with the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Get our online inventory tracking app The Tracker to not miss an online sale of the Nintendo Switch.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 12 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 13 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 15 hours ago, 10:36am CDT This New Tech Can Turn You into a Bronze Statue 18 hours ago, 7:07am CDT First Ever DNA Data from Egyptian Mummies Reveals Surprising Clues about their Ancestry 42 minutes ago E3 2017: What to Expect From Sony PlayStation E3 Show 18 hours ago, 7:35am CDT NASA Announces its First Mission to Touch the Sun: Watch Live 18 hours ago, 7:26am CDT PS Plus June 2017 Leaked Games for PS4 are Life is Strange and Killing Floor 2 18 hours ago, 7:15am CDT What to Expect From Playstation E3 Experience 2017? 18 hours ago, 6:46am CDT Nintendo Switch Availability To be Constraint Until E3 2017 19 hours ago, 6:28am CDT MacBook Delivery Dates Lengthen Ahead of Rumored Refresh 19 hours ago, 5:47am CDT Meet Biki: World’s First Bionic Underwater Fish Drone 19 hours ago, 5:47am CDT Leaked Video May Show the Galaxy Note 8 20 hours ago, 5:23am CDT Father's Day 2017 Tech Gift Guide 20 hours ago, 5:20am CDT PS4 Slim 1TB Gold Console is Coming Before E3 2017 20 hours ago, 4:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News iPhone 8 Requires New Apps Best Science Stories of the Week   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals and Sales Technology News Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 12 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 13 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 15 hours ago, 10:36am CDT This New Tech Can Turn You into a Bronze Statue 18 hours ago, 7:07am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News First Ever DNA Data from Egyptian Mummies Reveals Surprising Clues about their Ancestry 42 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 12 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 13 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 15 hours ago, 10:36am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Latest Apple Park Drone Video Catches a Glimpse of Historic Glendenning Barn Tuesday May 30, 2017 5:14 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard This morning Matthew Roberts shared a new drone video of Apple Park on his YouTube channel, representing the latest addition to the drone videographer's ongoing monthly aerial coverage of Apple's new campus. Roberts' Apple Park coverage dates back to March 2016, and fellow drone pilot Duncan Sinfield has been providing aerial footage for Apple's new workspace since 2015. In the new video, a closer glimpse at the Steve Jobs Theater is provided, with some of the window coverings having been removed since the last update. The auditorium is still one of the areas of the campus that's under heavy construction, as it isn't expected to officially open until sometime later this year. Roberts also captured one of the first glimpses of the historic Glendenning Barn that Apple has finished reconstructing and placed at Apple Park. Built in 1916, the historic Cupertino barn has deep ties to the city's agricultural past and was located at the planned site for Apple Campus 2. During preparation for the construction of Apple Park, Apple carefully deconstructed the building plank by plank and made notes on how to rebuild it exactly the same. Now, the company has done just that and remade the Glendenning Barn at Apple Park, residing next to the employee fitness center and in the middle of what will eventually be a larger collection of fruit trees once landscaping on the campus is finished. Other spots at Apple Park highlighted in Roberts' new video include the parking garage, R&D facility, and the Spaceship building itself. Yesterday, Apple quietly updated Apple Maps to include 3D models of these buildings in the mapping app, as well as access roads around Apple Park. Apple recently gave Wired a behind-the-scenes look into Apple Park, including tidbits about Steve Jobs' connection to the campus, a look into the "Ring" building's original design, and detailed images of the campus' construction and interiors. Tag: Apple Park 18 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) iLoveDeveloping 19 hours ago at 05:26 am Bet those builders were just glad that barn didn't have pentalobe screws. Well, I guess it does now Apple rebuild it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Rating: 11 Votes keysofanxiety 18 hours ago at 06:08 am Bet those builders were just glad that barn didn't have pentalobe screws. Well, I guess it does now Apple rebuild it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Don't forget soldered wood and proprietary door handles. ;) Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is... 87 comments Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event 13 hours ago on Front Page Ahead of the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, set to kick off on Monday, June 5, Apple has updated its official WWDC app for the event, introducing several new features and a revamped look. ... 39 comments Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta and a little over two weeks following the release of iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug... 46 comments Intel's Upcoming Coffee Lake Processors Up to 30% Faster Than Kaby Lake Chips Coming to Mac Notebooks 16 hours ago on Front Page Intel today said one of its eighth-generation "Coffee Lake" processors delivered more than a 30 percent performance boost over an equivalent seventh-generation "Kaby Lake" processor... 247 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 2 days ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 450 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 158 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 2 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 68 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 139 comments • macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS (332) • Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices (106) • This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad (109) • TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display (222) • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (144) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (293) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (122)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Pokemon GO' Legendary Pokemon and Player Battles Probably Coming this Summer New 'Wonder Woman' Cards Added to 'Injustice 2' Today 'Yankai's Peak' is Kenny Sun's Love Letter to Pyramids, Out Now 'Pathfinder Adventures' Getting 'Rise of the Goblins' Content Based on 'We Be Goblins' Action-Packed 'Laser Kitty Pow Pow' Looking for Testers in Our Forums Magic Realist Point-and-Click Adventure 'Memoranda' Coming to Mobile YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Android Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Dan Price May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 7 minutes Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Forget Apple. Forget iOS. Forget Tim Cook. Don’t fall for the marketing ploys. Don’t listen to the fanboy platitudes. In 2017, there’s only one mobile operating system that’s innovating, growing, and developing: Android. This assertion isn’t based on personal preferences or online rumors. It’s not borne out of a dislike for Apple or a loathing of iOS. It’s grounded in cold, hard facts. Don’t believe me? Keep reading to find out why 2017 is the year of Android. App Stores Projections Technology lives or dies by its popularity. There’s a reason VHS beat Betamax in the first battle for your living room, and Internet Explorer smashed Netscape Navigator into the trashcan of history: user numbers. And right now, the various projections don’t make happy reading for Apple and iOS. In late-2016, App Annie released its annual report. It found that over the course of the previous 12 months, global app downloads had risen by 15 percent, time spent using apps had increased by 25 percent, and money paid to developers had grown by 40 percent. The report suggested users in China and other emerging markets fueled a significant part of the growth. And which operating system is most popular in China? It’s Android, by miles. The most recent figures from Statista show Android boasts a mammoth 74.44 percent market share, compared to iOS’s 24.74 percent. Worryingly for Apple, the percentages have barely moved in the last four years. If anything, Android is the operating system that’s been slowly stealing users away from Windows Mobile and other defunct platforms. It’s the same story in countries like Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, and Indonesia. They’re the places that’ll be driving app store growth in the next decade — markets in Europe and the United States have almost reached saturation point. The Future So what does the future look like? App Annie says the number of handsets will grow from 2.6 billion in 2015 to 6.2 billion in 2020, and the Play Store will be the clear beneficiary. Projections show the growth of Google’s store will be four times stronger than the growth of Apple’s store. It also predicts that by early 2018, the combined app revenue of the Google Play Store and other Android stores such as Amazon Appstore Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? The Google Play Store isn't your only option when it comes to downloading apps -- should you give the Amazon Appstore a try? Read More will surpass Apple’s App Store revenues. Most estimates think the changeover will happen in late-2017. Bottom line: There’s only so long that developers will maintain their iOS-first approach iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? Android and iOS offer two different experiences in every facet. But is an iPhone better than a Pixel for mobile gaming? Let's find out. Read More . Like any business, they’ll follow the money. Innovation When was the last time Apple did something truly innovative with iOS? In fact, when was the last time the operating system changed in any seriously discernible way for end users? Apple released iOS 10 in 2016 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More . The headline new features were a press-to-unlock home screen and mainly cosmetic app updates. The visuals of the platform have barely changed since 2007’s original iPhone. Meanwhile, in the software department, Android has improved by leaps and bounds. Different manufacturer versions of Android now boast fantastic features Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More that aren’t present in iOS. To be fair, though, outside of the top couple of premium Android handsets, iPhones do have better hardware. Apple is continually improving there, and the amount of technology they manage to cram into the ultra-slim iPhones never ceases to amaze me. An Operating System for Life? But what’s going on outside of the smartphone sector? Right now, Apple’s newest iPhone 7 can’t even connect to its top-of-the-line MacBook Pro without an assortment of dongles and adaptors. Let’s cast the net even wider. What other projects is Google working on? Well, there’s self-driving cars How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? Read More , global internet coverage, Google Glass Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Join us as Justin and Matt face off in a debate about whether or not Google Glass is the next big thing that's going to transform the world of technology and mobile applications. Read More , Nest, delivery drones, medical devices, smart contact lenses, Android Auto Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto is Google's special app for using your phone in the car, and it's now available on every phone. Here's what you can do with it, and how to set it up. Read More , Google Fiber Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google always has dozens of projects going at any given time and it can be hard to keep track of them all. Here are the most interesting ones that you should be aware of. Read More , virtual reality, and more. And which operating system is going to underpin those cars, futuristic devices, and other ambitious projects? It’s certainly not going to be iOS. Privately, Google must think it’s won the smartphone war. It boasts an insurmountable 81.7 percent market share globally. It’s moving onto bigger things. And Apple? It spent its time peddling mostly unwanted smartwatches Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop We won't know the true number of sales until Apple releases official data in the Fall, but even if recent poor sales figures are correct; the Apple Watch is far from a flop. Read More and inventing pencils. Google’s been working on its self-driving car since 2009. Apple only got its Californian “learners license” in early 2017. Sarcasm aside, it’s clear Google has big plans for both itself and its mobile platform. The projects I mentioned above might be in the long-term plans, but Android could easily become an “operating system for life” which underpins them all. Short-Term Success There are three areas where Android is growing outside the smartphone sector right now. ChromeOS ChromeOS has frightened Microsoft and Apple. It’s success and rate of growth is astounding, especially in the education sector where Apple once reigned supreme. And in early 2017, the operating system got even better 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have Chromebooks are becoming increasingly popular. But if you're about to hit the shops and buy your own, check these features your next Chromebook must have before you part with any money. Read More : Android apps finally became available on the platform. The Samsung Chromebook Pro kicked off the revolution, but on its website, Google has listed more than 80 existing laptop models that will become Play Store-compatible over the coming months. By the middle of this year, every new Chromebook will be Android-enabled. Given Chromebooks outsold Macs One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] Google is bringing Android apps to Chrome OS, Chromebooks outsell Macs in the U.S., Gran Turismo Sport has a release date, help Google name Android N, and watch a nightmarish vision of our future. Read More in the United States for the first time in May 2016, there’s an enormous user base that’ll soon automatically be part of the Android ecosystem. Remix OS Google hasn’t developed Remix OS itself, but nevertheless, it does represent a giant leap for the company. Remix OS is a free operating system Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Want to run Android apps on Windows? Meet Remix OS Player, a virtualized desktop version of Android that runs almost any Android app. Read More that runs on any PC with x86 or ARM architecture. It’s based entirely on an x86 port of the Android operating system and means users can install any Android app on their computer. There are versions available for both Windows and Mac. It means even people who use a Mac for professional purposes can still have access to the Google Play Store on their machine. Unlike Chromebooks, which can run Linux How to Install Linux on a Chromebook How to Install Linux on a Chromebook Do you need Skype on your Chromebook? Do you miss not having access to games through Steam? Are you pining to use VLC Media Player? Then start using Linux on your Chromebook. Read More but struggle under the weight of Windows, users can dual-boot the two systems and easily switch between them. At the time of writing, there is no equivalent for Apple. It’s not surprising: Apple is notoriously stubborn about its “walled garden” approach. It’s an approach that’s served the company well through the formative years of mobile technology, but at what point does it start becoming a hindrance rather than a help? Smart TVs Are you in the market for a new television Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy These days, almost every TV is "smart" in some capacity, but there are several important features to look out for! Here's why 2017 is the best year yet for purchasing a smart TV. Read More ? If you are, there’s a good chance you’ll buy a model from either Sony, Sharp, or Philips. Between them, the three giants accounted for more than 35 percent of TV sales in Europe and North America in 2016. But what do the three manufacturers all have in common? They all use the Android TV operating system What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? Android TV is replacing the now-five-year-old Google TV. And it's not just an update -- it's a complete remake. Read More . That means all users get access to the Google Play Store, have access to native Chromecast technology, and can use Google Assistant. It’s yet another avenue in which Android will be picking up users, often without them even being aware. Of course, Apple offers Apple TV devices. But a report from eMarketer provides yet more worrying news for the company. It says the devices now control just 11.9 percent of the connected TV market, down from 13.5 percent 12 months ago. Chromecast boasts 19.9 percent (up 1.5 percent) and Roku has 18.2 (up 3 percent). Fuchsia Right now, Google’s various operating systems are still fragmented: Android, Android TV, Chromecast, ChromeOS, and so on. It’s a problem Microsoft has also struggled with as it’s attempted to expand Windows for the 21st century. In this regard, Apple has been the winner in the last decade. The company’s marketing team have religiously stuck to “i[Device]” branding, and the OSX and iOS platforms have been clearly designated as “for desktop” and “for mobile.” But the tide is turning. We’re at a crossroads. It’s no longer only about desktop and mobile — it’s about everything. Once again, Google appears to be one step ahead of the game. It’s developing an entirely new operating system: Project Fuchsia. We don’t know much about the system at the moment. All we’ve seen is some code on GitHub from August 2016. However, clues in the code suggest something grand is coming. Some experts have said it looks like the OS will be able to run on everything from self-driving cars to traffic lights — with smartphones, tablets, and PCs very much included. Is Google going to replace Android? Is Fuchsia the operating system for life I referred to earlier? It’s very possible. If the rumors are true, you need to get onto the Android operating system now. When you’re eventually upgraded to Fuchsia, you’ll realize it was one of the smartest tech decisions you ever made. The End of Android’s Childhood? Android has been part of our lives since September 2008. At the time, it was hard to imagine quite what a juggernaut the operating system would become. To many, it’s already grown up. It’s fast, fluid, sleek, professional, and millions of user around the world love it. But I don’t think it has grown up. If anything, it’s only just starting to embark on its teenage years. Over the next few years, you’ll see it grow a beard, start university, and get married. It might even change its name. 2017 is more than the year of Android. It’s the start of the decade of Android. Disagree? Can Apple respond to the ever-increasing threat of Android domination? Or is it happy to consign itself to being a luxury brand for the few? Let us know what you think in the comments below. Previous PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your SmartphoneNext PostGet More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * decafjava May 30, 2017 at 3:48 pm Hurray for surveillance capitalism! Reply Andy S. May 30, 2017 at 2:32 pm Your comparisons in the second section only make sense if you're being willfully ignorant of the salient details. VHS beat Betamax in terms of user numbers, sure. And Betamax disappeared as a result. But that's because lower user numbers also meant that Betamax as a technology ceased to be profitable. As it stands, the iOS ecosystem remains profitable. iOS isn't going away any time soon. It's also an unfortunate comparison, considering that Betamax is still considered to have been technologically superior to VHS. Using the VHS vs. Betamax analogy as your evidence of how high user numbers are the important factor in a platform war isn't exactly complimentary of Android. IE had greater user numbers than Netscape, but only because it was pre-installed on every Windows PC, and Windows PCs were the dominant computing platform. Did IE really "smash" Netscape Navigator, though? Not really. After Netscape was bought by AOL, the technology behind Navigator eventually grew into what we know today as Mozilla Firefox. Now, ask yourself: how many people do you know who use IE as their primary browser? You're more likely to find out that someone is a Firefox user than an IE user these days. Reply Dan Price 415 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Android How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares New Apple iPhone 8 leaks show off new ‘all display’ look – and no Home button Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukTuesday 30 May 2017 1:06 pm Picture Concept We’re getting closer to the launch of Apple’s iPhone 8 – expected to be a near-total overhaul of the gadget which sold a billion over the past decade. Woman raped at gunpoint sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery New leaks by Apple expert Benjamin Geskin – based on leaks from within Apple’s supply chain – seem to confirm the new ‘all screen’ look. There will be no Home button on the gadget – and the Touch ID fingerprint scanner will be embedded within the display. #iPhone8 CAD pic.twitter.com/sZknEva03A — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 28, 2017 #iPhone8 CAD (now with back) pic.twitter.com/2X7roohQRn — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 29, 2017 #iPhone8 visualization (original https://t.co/8gDzWR4GIs) pic.twitter.com/O1OaTGCyt6 — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 29, 2017 A report in China’s Economic Daily News, based on a leak from iPhone chipset maker TSMC, suggests that the phone may also change shape. The report suggests that the phone could shift to an 18.5:9 aspect ratio – similar to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and LG’s G6. Here's what to expect from iPhone 8 It’s ten years since Steve Jobs stood up on a stage and said, ‘Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along and changes everything.’ But this year’s iPhone looks set to rip up the rule book once again – with the latest rumour confirming BIG changes to the screen. Earlier this year, Nikkei Asian Review reported that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED screens from Samsung – an all-new screen technology with deeper blacks and brighter colours. The screen is also expected to be curved at the edges, like on Samsung’s flagship S8 handset, according to previous analyst reports. ‘Apple has ordered 70 million units of OLED panels from Samsung this year, while Samsung is preparing to churn out as many as 95 million for Apple in 2017, in case demand exceeds expectations,’ David Hsieh of HSI Markit. The device could also be absolutely huge, according to an earlier report. Rumours from sources speaking to Nikkei Asian Review suggests that this year will see a third, 5.8-inch iPhone model – with a higher price tag. More YouGov poll nine days before election predicts hung parliament SponsoredBespoke is the new black: Why getting everything tailored to you is the way forward There won't be any bisexual groups marching at London Pride Man dies and 40 others are bitten after vampire bats attack humans in Brazil Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » YouGov poll nine days before election predicts hung parliament BreakingNews At least 49 dead after bomb goes off near French and German Embassies in Kabul Teenager 'spiked and left for dead in wheelie bin by friends' Donald Trump behaves like a toddler during Memorial Day national anthem Bespoke is the new black: Why getting everything tailored to you is the way forward Brought to you byMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Wetherspoons call police after someone is 2p short on order Jeremy Corbyn can't answer basic budget questions Harriet Harman on why Labour has never had a female leader Man confronted for travelling 100 miles to meet 13-year-oldMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Netzwelt Mein SPIEGEL Schlagzeilen ǀ Wetterǀ DAX 12.598,68ǀ TV-Programmǀ Abo Netzwelt Nachrichten Schlagzeilen Nachrichtenarchiv Newsletter RSS Mobil mehr Story Fotostrecken Infografiken Hilfe Impressum Politik Übersicht Deutschland Ausland Europa Meinung Meinung Wirtschaft Übersicht Börse Verbraucher & Service Versicherungen Unternehmen & Märkte Staat & Soziales Mittelstand Brutto-Netto-Rechner Jobsuche Immowelt Tarifvergleiche Panorama Übersicht Justiz Leute Gesellschaft Multimedia-Reportagen Elterncouch LOTTO 6aus49 Eurojackpot Sport Übersicht Fußball-Liveticker Fußball-News Champions League Fußball-Tippspiel Formel 1 Formel-1-Liveticker Ergebnisse Live-Kalender Bundesliga präsentiert von Continental Kultur Übersicht Kino Musik TV Literatur Gutenberg Bestseller Buchrezensionen Hörbücher Video Netzwelt Übersicht Netzpolitik Web Gadgets Games Apps Wissenschaft Übersicht Mensch Natur Technik Weltall Medizin Datenlese ÜberMorgen Sudoku Kenken Street Gesundheit Übersicht Diagnose & Therapie Ernährung & Fitness Psychologie Sex & Partnerschaft Schwangerschaft & Kind BMI-Rechner Kalorienrechner Arztsuche einestages Übersicht Zeitzeugen Erster Weltkrieg Zweiter Weltkrieg DDR Fotografie Film Musik Archiv KarriereSPIEGEL Leben und Lernen Übersicht Schule Uni Job bento Reise Übersicht Städtereisen Deutschland Europa Fernweh Skiatlas Deals der Woche Auto Übersicht Tests Fahrkultur Kfz-Versicherung Stil Übersicht Design Mode Kochen Reisen Hotels English Front Page World Europe Germany Business Zeitgeist BeyondTomorrow Newsletter SPIEGEL Plus Übersicht SPIEGEL Plus Deutschland SPIEGEL Plus Wirtschaft SPIEGEL Plus Gesellschaft SPIEGEL Plus Ausland SPIEGEL Plus Sport SPIEGEL Plus Wissenschaft SPIEGEL Plus Kultur DER SPIEGEL live DER SPIEGEL DER SPIEGEL (digitales Magazin) Titelbilder & Heftarchive Abo-Angebote Shop SPIEGELblog SPIEGEL TV Übersicht SPIEGEL TV Magazin SPIEGEL TV Reportage SPIEGEL TV Programm SPIEGEL.TV Forum Übersicht Votes Netiquette Themen Service Wetter Börse TV-Programm Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Bücher bestellen DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energiesparratgeber Energievergleiche Gehaltscheck Uni-Tools Währungsrechner Versicherungen Abbrechen Zeitraum alles letzte Woche letzter Monat letztes Jahr seit 2005 vor 2005 vor 2000 vor 1995 vor 1990 vor 1980 vor 1970 vor 1960 Überschrift und Vorspann Volltext Autor Nachrichten >Netzwelt >Netzpolitik >EU-Kommission > ePrivacy: Verlage kritisieren in einem offenen Brief Pläne der EU Offener Brief Verlage kritisieren ePrivacy-Pläne der EU Die EU-Kommission will ein neues Zustimmungsverfahren für Cookies einführen. In einem offenen Brief wenden sich viele europäische Verlage, auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE, gegen den Entwurf. DPA Gebäude der EU-Kommission in Brüssel Dienstag, 30.05.2017   14:03 Uhr Drucken Nutzungsrechte Feedback Kommentieren Mit ihrer geplanten Neufassung der sogenannten ePrivacy-Richtlinie will die EU-Kommission es Nutzern leichter machen, mit Cookies umzugehen. Viele europäische Verlage glauben aber, dass die Kommission mit ihrem Vorschlag über dieses Ziel hinausschießt. Die Unternehmen sehen ihre Geschäftsmodelle in Gefahr. Gleichzeitig begünstige der Plan die Konzepte von Internetkonzernen wie Google, Facebook, Apple und Microsoft. Derzeit muss jede Webseite ihre Nutzer darüber aufklären, wenn sie Cookies nutzt und dafür die Zustimmung des Nutzers einholen. Man kennt das von vielen Webseiten, auf denen man so lange einen entsprechenden Hinweis angezeigt bekommt, bis man ihn wegklickt oder eben zustimmt. Die kleinen Dateien sammeln Informationen über das Surfverhalten der Nutzer. Die EU-Kommission will das Zustimmungsverfahren nun ändern. Ihr Plan sieht vor, dass man künftig nur noch ein Mal dem Setzen von Cookies zustimmen soll, nämlich wenn man den Browser öffnet. Diese Zustimmung würde dann aber nur für die Betreiber der Webseiten gelten, Cookies von Drittanbietern würden blockiert. Betroffen davon wären auch die Cookies, die Betreiber von Werbenetzwerken setzen. Diese Praxis wäre aus Sicht der Verlage problematisch. Sie verdienen unter anderem damit Geld, ihren Lesern personalisierte Inhalte und Werbung auszuspielen. Dafür braucht man auch Cookies von Drittanbietern. Zudem werden Cookies von den Verlagen verwendet, um Werbetreibenden gegenüber nachweisen zu können, wie viele Leser man hat. Ohne solche Cookies könnte eine Nachrichtenseite wie SPIEGEL ONLINE dem Leser nicht kostenlos angeboten werden. Die Verlage fürchten nun, dass es mit der neuen Regelung "unglaublich schwierig wird, Leser davon zu überzeugen, ihre Browsereinstellungen so zu ändern, dass diese die Nutzung von Drittanbieter-Cookies zulassen", heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE haben ihn mit unterzeichnet. Im Ergebnis fürchtet man gegenüber den "dominierenden digitalen Plattformen" Nachteile beim Wettbewerb um Werbegelder, heißt es weiter. Diese würden "letztlich unsere Möglichkeiten untergraben, in Europa in hochklassigen Journalismus zu investieren." Im Folgenden geben wir den offenen Brief im Wortlaut wieder: Open letter to the European Parliament / Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission's draft "ePrivacy" regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission's ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission's proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the "ePrivacy" proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that " half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18-24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news - more than television (24%) for the first time." As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the "growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals." [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe/ [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue mak Zur Startseite Diesen Artikel... Drucken Feedback Nutzungsrechte Mehr zum Thema EU-Kommission Internet Alle Themenseiten Forum Diskutieren Sie über diesen Artikel insgesamt 18 Beiträge Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 OskarMaria gestern, 14:34 Uhr 1. Das Internet ist kein Wunschkonzert der Verlage Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer [...] Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer Bezahlschranke zu verbergen oder lediglich sein Verlagsangebot allgemein darzustellen. Die Interessen der Werbewirtschaft kollidieren mit den Bürgerrechten der Internetnutzer - nämlich frei darüber zu entscheiden, welche Daten über sich genutzt werden dürfen und welche nicht. Gerade das Tracking der Nutzer über viele Webseiten hinweg ermöglicht die Erstellung von Persönlichkeitsprofilen bis hin zur Identifizierung einzelner Personen. Persönlichkeitsrechte müssen über den Profitinteressen von Wirtschaftsunternehmen stehen. sok1950 gestern, 14:40 Uhr 2. jeder 3Klassen-Absolvent sollte wissen, dass Cookies normal sind genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer [...] genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer begrenzen oder bei Bedarf von Hand löschen, da bedarf es weder ein Gesetz noch irgendwelche Vorschriften. Cookies dienen z.B. auch dazu, dass man bei einem Anbieter nach der Anmeldung verschiedene Seiten aufrufen kann, ohne sich ständig neu anmelden zu müssen. Das klingt wie beim Trabi-Kauf zu DDR-Zeiten: Da gab es Zeiten, da musste man die Räder als "Sonderausstattung" mitbestellen. Ich kannte mal einen, der bestand darauf, den Trabi ohne jede Sonderaustattung zu bekommen - und damit auch ohne Räder...Der brachte ganze Büros durcheinander. aprilfrisch gestern, 15:05 Uhr 3. Schluss mit den Cookies und der heimlichen Verfolgung Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an [...] Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an einen technischen Oldie? Mir kommen die Tränen! Wir wollen nicht von Ihnen und schon gar nicht von "Drittanbietern" ungefragt per default getrackt werden. Wenigstens nicht, ohne dass Sie komplett offenlegen, wer die Daten in die Hand bekommt und was damit passiert. Und das so, dass das auch jeder Internet-Dummie verstehen und frei darüber entscheiden kann. Und das, bevor Sie Daten erheben! Idem ius omnibus. aprilfrisch qoderrat gestern, 15:07 Uhr 4. Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die [...] Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die Werbewirtschaft nicht konsequent jede Möglichkeit zum Missbrauch nutzen würde. Daher muss man heute sagen, Blocken von Drittanbieter-Cookies und JavaScript-Code sind fast zwingende Massnahmen zur Selbstverteidigung geben die Werbeindustrie. Ich hoffe Online-Publikationen finden auch einen sauberen und kontrollierten Weg ihre Angebote zu monetarisieren, die im vorliegenden Artikel genannten sind aber keine die dauerhaft funktionieren werden. Sowie die Masse der Nutzer sich zur Sachlage informieren, wird diese Form der Werbung ganz sicher wegbrechen. angst+money gestern, 15:12 Uhr 5. gut gemeint... Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren [...] Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren Browser Cookies erstmal zulassen, weniger freie Inhalte gäbe. Das ist natürlich purer Egoismus, andererseits - wer keine Werbung will, kann sich ruhig etwas Mühe geben. Hält ja auch geistig rege und befriedigt den Jagdinstinkt. Vielen scheint es ja auch einfach egal zu sein, also was soll's. Und wenn man mir Schmarotzertum vorwirft: Ich reagiere eh nicht auf Anzeigen, bin aber trotzdem eine Bereicherung für den e-commerce. Ist also kein Schaden, höchstens für die Content-Anbieter - denen kann man dann ja Kompensation anbieten für Leser, die ohne Werbung trotzdem Sachen kaufen. Dafür würde ich sogar ein gaanz kleines tracking cookie freischalten... (den letzten halben Absatz bitte nicht 100% ernstnehmen) Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 Ihr Kommentar zum Thema Anmelden | Registrieren Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Das SPON-Forum: So wollen wir debattieren Forumname Überschrift Beitrag © SPIEGEL ONLINE 2017 Alle Rechte vorbehalten Vervielfältigung nur mit Genehmigung der SPIEGELnet GmbH TOP Die Homepage wurde aktualisiert. Jetzt aufrufen. Hinweis nicht mehr anzeigen. Serviceangebote von SPIEGEL-ONLINE-Partnern AUTO Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Kfz-Versicherung ENERGIE Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energievergleiche JOB Gehaltscheck Brutto-Netto-Rechner Uni-Tools Jobsuche Online Englisch lernen FINANZEN Währungsrechner Immobilien-Börse Versicherungen FREIZEIT Eurojackpot Lottozahlen Sudoku Kenken Street Reise-Deals Bücher bestellen Hörbücher Arztsuche DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine SPIEGEL GRUPPE Abo -Shop -manager magazin -Harvard Business Manager -buchreport -Werbung -Jobs DER SPIEGEL Dein SPIEGEL SPIEGEL WISSEN SPIEGEL BIOGRAFIE SPIEGEL GESCHICHTE Edition Geschichte SPIEGEL SPEZIAL SPIEGEL CLASSIC UNI SPIEGEL LITERATUR SPIEGEL Twitter Facebook Google+ Impressum -Datenschutz -Nutzungsrechte -Kontakt -Hilfe
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cider Market Analysis, Competitor Strategy, Industry Trends, Forecast to 2022 “”Market Research Future published a Half Cooked Research Report (HCRR) on global Cider market which is estimated to grow more than 3.5% after 2022″” Global Cider Market Information- Source (Apple, Pear, Lime, Cranberry, Mixed Fruit and others), Type (Dry Cider, Sweet Cider, Sparkling Cider, Still Cider and others) and Region – Forecast to 2022 Market Overview Cider is an alcoholic drink made especially from fruit juices of special varieties of fruits, containing alcohol around 6-8%. Cider is majorly made from apple, which is generally known as hard cider, and pear cider is known as Perry. Ciders originally belong to Europe, but due to increasing globalization cider drinks are famous across the globe. Ciders have fruity and tarty taste, this refreshing taste is driving the market especially during summers. Among various product line ciders has various application in various alcoholic beverages. Attractive and convenient packaging is one of the driving force for this market. Due to the fruit content in cider, it provides vitamin C and antioxidants on consumption which helps in reducing the risk of heart disease and asthma. The recent trends of brew pubs and bars have boasted the sale of ciders. Globally, Cider market is growing at the rate of 3.5% during 2016 to 2022. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2544 Competitive Analysis- The major key players in Cider market are Bulmer (Scotland) Stella Artois (Belgium) Old Mout (New Zealand) Pimm (England) Carling (England) Rekorderlig (Sweden) Kopparberg (Sweden) The global Cider market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). Among these Europe region has the major market share. Emerging markets like India and China have been considered as potential markets for cider due to growing demand for alcoholic drinks.  Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 110 numbers of pages of the project report “Cider Market – Forecast to 2022” Market Forecast Globally, there is huge demand for alcoholic drinks, due to increasing trends of pubbing from the younger population has increased the consumption of ciders. Apple and pear ciders are the best sellers among all the fruit ciders, however consumers are now open to taste various fruit flavors & with different combination. Apple cider will dominate the market, however pear ciders will be highest growing segment during the forecasted period. Sparkling ciders has shown huge potential in the market, followed by sweet ciders as it contains antioxidants, phytochemicals such as phenolic, flavonoids, and carotenoids, these healthy dose of nutrients from cider is one of the key driving factors from this market. These factors will play a key role in the growth of cider market at the CAGR of 3.5% during 2016-2022. Downstream Analysis- The various natural flavored cider are in demand from various pubs and bars across the globe, as demand for alcoholic beverages has increased across the world. Rising popularity of organic cider and increasing purchasing power of consumer in developing countries like India and China is fueling the growth of cider market.  Availability of different types of exotic fruit cider, is one of the factor driving the cider market. Rising number of women preferring ciders drinks, increasing application of cider in various alcoholic drinks is anticipated to drive the market during forecasted period. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cider-market-2544 Regional Analysis The Global Cider Market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). Among these APAC region will highest growing market, but as cider is largely consumed in European countries, Europe will dominate the market. Canada, U.S., Australia and Japan are the major importers of cider in the world. Emerging markets like India and China have been considered as potential markets for cider due to growing demand for alcoholic drinks in recent years. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Future Contact Person: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Address:Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cider-market-2544 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Food & Beverage, Hospitality, Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electromagnetic Shielding Material Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Solid State Battery Market Report 2017 – Forecasts from 2016 to 2021 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Halmont Properties Corporation: Interim Results Birchcliff Energy Ltd. Announces Declaration of Common Share Quarterly Dividend and Preferred Share Dividends Airbus DS Communications to Introduce Its Latest Next Generation 9-1-1 Mapping Solution Microsoft VPs Peter Han und Rodney Clark entwerfen in einer Hauptrede auf der CES Asia™ 2017 eine Vision für den Bau des Machbaren Microsoft VPs Peter Han und Rodney Clark entwerfen in einer Hauptrede auf der CES Asia™ 2017 eine Vision für den Bau des Machbaren Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Trust Advisors LP Acquires 19,761 Shares of Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) First Trust Advisors LP Boosts Position in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) Ford Motor Company (F) Shares Bought by Grimes & Company Inc. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Increases Position in Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $2.74 Million Position in Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Webster Bank N. A. Has $4.92 Million Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Apple’s (AAPL) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Co Dana Inc (DAN) Stake Increased by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System First Trust Advisors LP Buys 41,992 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Stake Decreased by Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors First Trust Advisors LP Acquires 40,263 Shares of Imperva Inc (IMPV) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Stake in Cambrex Co. (CBM) Absolute Software (ALSWF) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Given $21.14 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages BancorpSouth (BXS) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.53 Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.78 on June 20th TeleTech Holdings (TTEC) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Navigators Group (NAVG) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.56 First Majestic Silver Corp (AG) Earning Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Apple’s (AAPL) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Co May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in a report published on Thursday morning. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Longbow Research reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $162.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $170.00 target price on shares of Apple and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $170.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $160.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on shares of Apple from $157.00 to $168.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Apple currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $159.65. Apple (NASDAQ AAPL) opened at 153.61 on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $147.91 and a 200-day moving average of $130.91. The company has a market capitalization of $800.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.02 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 52-week low of $91.50 and a 52-week high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. Equities analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/apples-aapl-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-wells-fargo-co.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a dividend of $0.63 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 27.31%. In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Luca Maestri sold 6,308 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.83, for a total value of $894,663.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 2,665 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $377,976.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 420,686 shares of company stock valued at $63,066,393. Corporate insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bailard Inc. boosted its position in Apple by 23.2% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 181,502 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $20,519,000 after buying an additional 34,162 shares during the last quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. boosted its position in Apple by 25.9% in the fourth quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. now owns 98,014 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $11,352,000 after buying an additional 20,176 shares during the last quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Apple by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC now owns 13,481 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,561,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,625,709,000. Finally, IFM Investors Pty Ltd acquired a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at about $7,910,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Asus introduced their new ZenBook Pro at Computex to get ahead of Apple's MacBook Refresh Next Monday | Main | Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads » May 30, 2017 Apple Granted 41 Patents Today Covering a Head Mounted Display, Advancements for Apple TV with Siri and more   The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office officially published a series of 41 newly granted patents for Apple Inc. today. In this particular report we cover one of Apple's original head mounted display patents and another patent for advanced features for Apple TV with Siri that have yet to fully be implemented. Apple was also granted a design patent for their iPad Air. We wrap up this week's granted patent report with our traditional listing of the remaining granted patents that were issued to Apple today.   Granted Patent: Enhanced Image Display in Head-Mounted Displays   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to processing and displaying images in a head-mounted display. According to one embodiment, the invention provides methods and apparatus for providing a wider field of view and creating a more natural viewing situation for a user of a head mounted display, which results in improved comfort and usability for head mounted displays. By using larger displays inside the HMDs and recreating each image displayed on each display as each eye would typically see it, a wider field of view and increased viewing comfort is achieved. Various embodiments of the invention allow users to customize different viewing parameters of the head mounted displays to accommodate for individual user variation in the users' eyes.   Apple's patent FIG. 2 shows us a schematic view of the placement of the displays relative to the user's eyes in a HMD with two displays.   Apple's granted patent 9,667,954 was originally filed in Q4 2006 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office.   Granted Patent: Intelligent Automated Assistant for TV User Interactions   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to controlling television user interactions and, more specifically, to processing speech for a virtual assistant to control television user interactions.   Today's granted patent covers Siri for TV and illustrates aspects of Apple TV yet to come as noted below in the patent figures. FIG. 1 illustrates an exemplary system for controlling television user interaction using a virtual assistant/Siri; FIG 8A illustrates an exemplary speech input interface over menu content; and FIG. 29 illustrates a media content notification and an exemplary interface with virtual assistant query suggestions based on the notification.   Apple's granted patent 9,668,024 was filed in Q3 2016 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office. Patent history shows that Apple was granted their first patent for this invention in 2014. Today's granted patent presents much greater patent claim details than the original patent.   Some of the new points in this patent's claims include the use of a television program listing; analyzing the speech input using voice recognition; showing status of a live sporting event and more while watching other content.   Apple Granted a Design Patent for their iPad Air   Apple was granted design patent D788, 014 for their iPad Air.   Apple was also granted a design patent of their lighting connector under number D788,041   The Remaining Patents granted to Apple Today   Note: In order to see a clearer image of the list above, simply click on the image above to enlarge it. Some browsers may require that you click on the image and then a second click on the image to enlarge it fully.   Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of granted patents with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each Granted Patent is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any Granted Patent should be read in its entirety for full details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 30, 2017 at 05:05 AM in 2. Granted Patents | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts While IDC sees little to no Growth for iPhones over the Next Five Years, they may be missing the obvious LG Display to open a new Flexible OLED Plant for Smartphones with either Apple or Google as its main Customer Intel announced new Core CPUs at Computex 2017 including their Monster i9 X-Series with 18 Cores & 36 Threads Apple Granted 41 Patents Today Covering a Head Mounted Display, Advancements for Apple TV with Siri and more Asus introduced their new ZenBook Pro at Computex to get ahead of Apple's MacBook Refresh Next Monday Microsoft continues to work on a Folding Smartphone while Samsung Wins Patent for a Scrollable Phone or Mobile TV Steve Wozniak, Guest Speaker at Montreal's C2 Trade Show, Talks about Apple, Siri, AI and more in Interview Former Apple Creative Director who left to work at Huawei is now starting her own Company called 'Abalone' Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Comment: China shows the future of mobile payment as it hits more than 50% of GDP Ben Lovejoy - May. 30th 2017 4:51 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Listening to some of the Apple Pay stats put forward by the company, you might get the impression that the payment method is taking the market by storm. In Apple’s Q1 2017 earnings call, Tim Cook told us that the number of Apple Pay users tripled year-on-year, and that transaction volumes increased by 500%. In Q2, we finally got some actual numbers, at least for the US: a total of 4.5M transactions to date. But while these are big numbers, they are still a drop in the ocean given that total card transactions are numbered in the tens of billions each year. Viewed in this light, Apple Pay accounts for a fraction of a percent of all card purchases. However, if you want to see the potential of mobile payments, you need look no further than China … NordVPN A piece in the South China Morning Post reveals the staggering statistic that mobile payments reached $5.5 trillion dollars last year. To put that number into context, that’s more than half of the country’s total gross domestic product! It’s more than fifty times what we’re seeing across all mobile payment services in the US. The two can’t be directly compared, of course. The largest chunk of mobile payments made in China use a crude QR code system – the approach attempted by the now-dead MCX CurrentC consortium in the USA. This has been such a success in China because it’s cheap to implement and works with low-spec devices. But it does show the potential that exists for mobile payment. And while Apple’s minority share of the smartphone market means it will take only one slice of the pie, it’s certainly possible to envisage a future where Apple Pay is the primary payment method among iPhone owners. I’ve argued before that relatively slow adoption rates doesn’t signal a problem for Apple Pay. There are four barriers to usage that currently keep usage low. Not all retailers support Apple Pay Not all banks do either There may or may not be low transaction limits It isn’t always clear whether Apple Pay is accepted The upshot of this is that even if someone could have used Apple Pay for a purchase, uncertainty makes it easier and less embarrassing just to use a card instead. But my own anecdotal experience is that it’s easy to convert people. When friends have seen me using Apple Pay, that has prompted them to try it themselves. And while using my Watch to pay for things used to be greeted with wide eyes by store assistants, I’ve lately found that they’re more likely to simply nod or say ‘Apple Pay, ok’ – so clearly usage is increasing. There’s a virtuous circle here: the more confident people can be that Apple Pay is accepted, the more willing they will be to use it. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Setting the stage for iPhone 8? Apple releases 'Switch To iPhone' ads flaunting security and smoothness Releasing the 'Switch To iPhone' ads is a timely move by Apple as the hype for iPhone 8 is gaining momentum. Kukil Bora   May 30, 2017 17:15 IST Months before the iPhone 8 release, Apple tries to persuade Android users to switch to iPhones.Apple Apple knows how to cash in on the excitement among people before the launch of a new iPhone. Although the company's next flagship phone, dubbed iPhone 8, is still months away, people have already started talking about it and the Apple's bid to proselytise Android users to iPhone is hitting the right buttons. On Monday, the Cupertino tech giant released three new videos as part of its "Switch to iPhone" campaign, highlighting key differences between iPhone and Android phones while also telling consumers that making the switch to iPhone is easier than it seems. "Life is easier on the iPhone. And that starts as soon as you turn it on," Apple said on its website. Unlike previously released videos that emphasised the iPhone's capabilities across music, privacy, and photos, the three new videos focus on the handset's security, contacts and performance. In the video related to "Security", Apple claims iPhones are less vulnerable to data theft compared to Android devices. The "Smooth" video, on the other hand, shows how better an iPhone can perform over other phones, regardless of device specifications. The "Contacts" video is the only one of the three videos where Apple is not attacking rivals but simply suggests that migrating contacts to iOS is easy peasy. Take a look at the videos: Security Smooth Contacts Setting the stage of iPhone 8? The release of the new "Switch To iPhone" videos is a timely move by Apple to set off a domino effect leading to the release of iPhone 8. Being the company's tenth anniversary model, the 2017 iPhone 8 is expected to have exciting new features to take on the likes of recently launched Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. One of the much-hyped features of the iPhone 8 is an edge-to-edge OLED screen without the physical home button. The revamped design also suggests that the new iPhone will carry an optical fingerprint recognition sensor embedded to its display. #iPhone8 visualization (original https://t.co/8gDzWR4GIs) pic.twitter.com/O1OaTGCyt6 — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 29, 2017 The iPhone 8 could also come with a bigger 18.5:9 screen ratio, along with new augmented reality features which, if turns out to be true, guarantee a stiff fight between Apple and Samsung in the premium segment. In addition to a bezel-less display, the iPhone 8 could also feature two vertically placed rear cameras-- a drastic change from the existing iPhone 7 Plus camera setup. According to some experts, the repositioning of rear cameras will add more detail and depth of field to the images. Other features expected to be included in the new iPhone are 128GB and 256GB storage options, wireless charging and 3D face-recognition. If ongoing rumours are to believed, Apple might host a product launch event on September 17 to unveil the iPhone 8, as well as the iPhone 7s and the 7s Plus, followed by their release on September 25. However, it's too early to go by these reports as there is no official word from Apple regarding the same. Stay tuned for more updates on Apple and the iPhone 8. Related This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News North Korean hackers behind Bangladesh bank heist: Russian expert 1 hour ago By IANS Moto E4 Plus live images leak ahead of expected June launch 1 hour ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked online, giving away the possible design of the flagship device. Global release of Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 confirmed before the end of June Putting all rumours to rest, Nokia Mobile tweeted on Sunday saying that Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 will be released globally before the end of this quarter. New Motorola Moto phone confirmed to debut on June 1; will it be Moto E4 or Z2 Play series? Lenovo's Motorola is expected to unveil either the mid-range Moto Z2 Play or the entry-level Moto E4 series phone on June 1 2017. How will China's Cybersecurity Law affect businesses? China will enforce its Cybersecurity Law early next month and it could cause ripples in several countries, including the US. Essential by Andy Rubin officially launches: Price, specifications and everything else you need to know The Essential Phone, by Android co-creator Andy Rubin, is finally here, and it costs $699. This is the world's thinnest laptop: Asus beats MacBook Air, HP Spectre x360 and others Asus kicked off its Computex Taipei by impressing everyone with its all-new ZenBook Flip S, which is the world's thinnest laptop at 10.9mm. Nokia 9 vs OnePlus 5: Which upcoming flagship has the potential? Two of the most anticipated flagship smartphones take on each other with their mind-blowing specs. Photo Gallery Upendra, Srinagar Kitty, SM Krishna pay homage to Parvathamma Rajkumar South Indian celebs like Upendra, Srinagar Kitty, SM Krishna pay homage to Parvathamma Rajkumar. Fans pay last respect to Parvathamma Rajkumar Fans pay their last respect to Veteran Kannada film producer and distributor Parvathamma Rajkumar passed away early on Wednesday at a private hospital. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
LOGIN Lost your password? Connect with: Facebook Google Twitter Logging In SIGN UP Create an Inhabitat account Sign up for weekly newsletter I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Do you live in Canada? Register here. Connect with: Facebook Google Twitter Signing Up LOST PASSWORD Checking for Account flipboard instagram twitter facebook pinterest user Log In Sign Up opener News Environment Architecture Design Innovation More Kids About Mission Submit a story Advertise with us Contact Press Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Log In Sign Up First Apple Store in Southeast Asia is 100% powered by renewable energy 15 hours ago  under Architecture, carousel showcase, Gallery, Green Building by Lucy Wang 0 Add to Flipboard Magazine. by Lucy Wang View Slideshow This weekend, Singapore welcomed its first Apple store in a beautiful glass-fronted building that blends minimalist design with nature. Designed by Foster + Partners and Apple, this long-awaited flagship store—called Apple Orchard Road—takes cues from Singapore’s lush environment and features mature trees inside and outside the shop. Home to the world’s largest Genius Grove, Apple Orchard Road is considered one of Foster + Partners’ “greenest Apple spaces yet” and is entirely powered by renewable energy. Welcomed with extreme fanfare and a ten-hour-long, 2,000-person queue, Apple Orchard Road is the first official Apple Store in Southeast Asia. The two-story building is located in the heart of the Singapore, known as the garden city, along tree-lined Orchard Road. Inspired by the city’s garden themes, the designers crafted the building with a strong focus on community and connection to nature. Eight mature trees were planted in front of the store to create a shaded “green orchard” that serves as a new public gathering space. The 120-foot wide glazed storefront blurs the boundaries between inside and outside, an illusion strengthened by the installation of mature trees within the shop. A thin, white canopy cantilevers out 25 feet to provide solar shading. Related: Watch Apple’s incredible new store in Dubai change shape before your eyes “This is one of our greenest Apple spaces yet – not only does all the energy come from renewable sources, but it is filled with lush trees,” said Stefan Behling, Head of Studio, Foster + Partners. “It also breaks down the boundaries between the inside and outside, with the greenery cascading through the store from the mezzanine to the ground floor and out to onto Orchard Road, creating the most welcoming civic gesture.” Beautiful curved staircases hand-carved from Castagna stone by Italian artisans frame the interior. The world’s largest Genius Grove on the mezzanine contains twelve Ficus Ali trees. The Forum, which serves as a gathering place for Creative Pros, also boasts Apple’s widest video screen in the world. + Foster + Partners Images © Nigel Young and Apple View Comments LEAVE A COMMENT RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Forward Labs' new solar roof is 33% cheaper than Tesla's - an ... Italy is giving away hundreds of historic castles and villas ... HOW TO: Grow an Avocado Tree from an Avocado Pit You won't believe the interior of Japan's jaw-dropping new train Savvy seniors are buying tiny homes to enjoy their golden yea ... Stanford study says fossil-fueled cars will vanish in 8 years ... 6 Tiny Homes under $50,000 you can buy right now 7 DIY face masks for healthy, gorgeous spring skin Norwegian billionaire funds world's largest yacht to scoop up ... How to make your own green terrarium to keep or give away for ... These gorgeous glass homes can pop up in 8 hours for under $50k Airtight prefab House in the Woods pops up in just ten days Start Slideshow Displaying ad for 5 seconds Share Pin Tweet + Design Share Pin Tweet + StartSlideshow > First Apple Store in Southeast Asia is 100% powered by renewab... Share Pin Tweet +
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Father of Android Is Back, and He's Built the Anti-iPhone subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 4. Caption: Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Jason Keats, Essential's head of hardware architecture and noted prototyping enthusiast.Carlos Chavarria for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Dave Evans, Essential's head of design, came from Playground Global to help make a new kind of gadget.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 4. Caption: Caption: The Essential Phone has no branding, no logos, and no bezels. It's supposed to be all pixels.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 05.30.17. 05.30.17 Time of Publication: 6:47 am. 6:47 am The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone Slide: 1 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Essential CEO Andy Rubin at the Playground Global offices in Palo Alto.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin has a long history of making mobile devices, from the Sidekick to the G1 to the Droid.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 8. Caption: Caption: The Essential team wanted to build products that felt more crafted than your average gadget, that felt more like furniture than technology.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Since Essential's not trying to sell phones to everyone on the planet, they went after a more refined, fashion-forward aesthetic.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 5 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Essential's offices, at the Playground headquarters, are full of cool gadgets and cooler furniture.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 6 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Andy Rubin's first love will always be robots. And so robots are everywhere at Essential.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Advertisement Slide: 7 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin likes nice things. Nice cars, nice motorcycles. This is just one of his collection.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 8 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin in his office with his dog (and semi-official Essential mascot), Cosmo. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Related Galleries Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Don't Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs The Unflinching, Unfinished Battle Royale That's Entrancing Gamers Behold the Giant, Glorious Structures Keeping Nature at Bay Slide: 1 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Essential CEO Andy Rubin at the Playground Global offices in Palo Alto.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin has a long history of making mobile devices, from the Sidekick to the G1 to the Droid.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 8 Caption: Caption: The Essential team wanted to build products that felt more crafted than your average gadget, that felt more like furniture than technology.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Since Essential's not trying to sell phones to everyone on the planet, they went after a more refined, fashion-forward aesthetic.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 5 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Essential's offices, at the Playground headquarters, are full of cool gadgets and cooler furniture.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 6 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Andy Rubin's first love will always be robots. And so robots are everywhere at Essential.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 7 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin likes nice things. Nice cars, nice motorcycles. This is just one of his collection.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 8 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin in his office with his dog (and semi-official Essential mascot), Cosmo. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Related Galleries Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Don't Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs 8 Andy Rubin wasn’t ready to retire when he left Google in 2014. He certainly could have: After an illustrious career developing some of the most innovative products in tech, he had all the wealth and accolades anyone could want. As an engineer at the Apple spinoff General Magic, he built some of the world’s first internet-connected portable devices. As CEO at Danger, he created the Sidekick, a smartphone that defined the category before anyone had invented the term. And then, of course, Rubin created Android, the operating system found in more than two billion phones, televisions, cars, and watches. But Rubin wasn’t done. More to the point, he couldn’t be done. Ask around, and everyone says the same thing: Andy Rubin sees the future, and can’t sit around waiting for it to arrive. He’s spent the past few years watching Apple and Google and everyone else try to rule the world from walled gardens, and he considers that a dead end. Rubin has always believed that the open platform is the one that wins. Most people complain that there’s no innovation in smartphones. Andy Rubin disagrees. Vehemently. And so he’s back, as the CEO of Essential Products, his first company since Android. He wants to make Essential the first great gadget maker since Apple, one that builds and distributes the open platform that will power the billions of phones, watches, light bulbs, and toaster ovens about to come online. That wasn’t always the plan. Rubin likes telling a story from just after he left Google, where he spent a decade running Android and a few years leading its robotics projects. Over dinner and wine, he and his wife, Rie, discussed his next move. “How do I top Android?” Rubin asked. “What could I possibly do that would be bigger than that?” “Don’t do one thing,” Rie replied. “Do 10.” And so Rubin launched Playground, a venture capital firm where a few dozen engineers and designers at Playground Studios help startups build stuff. Read More Jason Tanz Andy Rubin Unleashed Android on the World. Now Watch Him Do the Same With AI Wired Staff Andy Rubin, Crispr, and Amazon Star at WIRED Business Conference 2017 Daniel Roth Google’s Open Source Android OS Will Free the Wireless Web Ryan Tate Andy Rubin and the Great Narrowing of Google Rubin and his partners sought out a wide range of investments. “You meet a ton of people, thousands of people,” he says. “Some really crazy ideas, some pretty good ideas, some teams that are great, some teams that are not that great.” As he speaks, Rubin curls his lanky body into a comfortable chair at the head of a long table in the same room where he met many of those people. He fidgets as he talks and touches his stubbled face as he thinks. Now and then, he walks over to the whiteboard to diagram his points. “We thought that people weren’t swinging for the fences and doing big-vision things in consumer products,” he says. All of which is to say, there hasn’t been an Apple since Apple, and Rubin figures it’s time. Essential launches publicly today with the announcement of two products expected later this summer: a $699 smartphone called Phone and a smart-home hub called Home that Rubin hopes will bring order to the endless standards, protocols, and systems wrought by the Internet of Things. To understand what Essential hopes to achieve in the long term, look at the hub. Rubin wants to build an open source, infinitely extensible platform, called Ambient OS, that powers all the smart stuff in your home. Android for everything. But even Rubin concedes that it will take a while. If you want to know how he plans on getting there, we need to talk about the Phone. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Take a Bite Most people look at smartphones and see one of the largest and most competitive markets in history, one with no room (or profits) for anyone but Apple or Samsung. And most people complain that there’s no innovation. Rubin disagrees. Vehemently. He sees loads of innovation, but believes companies don’t take advantage of it because they’re simply too big. “When Apple finds some new technology, they’re like, ‘Great, can I have 50 million next quarter?’ Manufacturers are like, ‘No, you can’t. We just invented it,'” he says. Meanwhile, companies design by committee—with too much input from supply chain experts and accountants—and everything moves slowly. If Essential sells 50 million phones this quarter, Jason Keats, the company’s head of product architecture, is totally screwed. Essential simply cannot produce that many phones. That’s the point. “We’ve gone after technologies and methods of manufacturing that aren’t designed to support 50 million devices,” he says. He wants Essential to think like a high-end watchmaker, not a commodity gadget builder. (Granted, everyone says this, even the commodity gadget builders.) From the start, Essential’s designers and engineers met with countless manufacturers in search of the most interesting technology and materials, especially stuff no one could produce at scale. “We’re not for everybody,” Keats says. “You know it’s going to be a little exclusive.” Gadgets used to say something about their buyers, communicating fashion sense or nerd cred. Now that everyone has an iPhone or a Galaxy, neither say anything. Everybody at Essential hates the idea that you, your grandma, and your accountant all carry the same phone. Gadgets once said something about the people who carried them. They communicated fashion sense or nerd cred. Now they’re as personal as refrigerators. Rubin wants the Essential phone to clearly and emphatically state that the person carrying it isn’t won over by marketing, isn’t a fanboy, isn’t driven by trends. Jason Keats, Essential’s head of hardware architecture and noted prototyping enthusiast.Carlos Chavarria for WIRED People who buy an Essential phone, he says, want technology that works for them, not the other way around. The team knew from the beginning that it wanted to build a titanium phone. The material offers far greater durability and, perhaps equally important, sounds so damn cool. But machining titanium is expensive and wasteful. “So we literally traveled around the world to find somebody who could process in a different way,” Keats says. Essential eventually found a small German company that injection-molds the material, which involves pouring molten titanium into a mold rather than milling it from a block. Injection molding typically results in greater porosity than milling, but this company (which Keats won’t name) figured out how to, in Keats’ words, make it “super, super dense.” More than one Essential employee told me, with more than a little glee, that Apple tried to make the next iPhone from titanium, but couldn’t make it work. Dave Evans, Essential’s head of design, came from Playground Global to help make a new kind of gadget.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Shaping the Future The Essential team wanted to make something unique, something fresh and exciting. But everyone knew people weren’t ready for a wild new form factor or radical technology. The team spent hours cutting plexiglass into every conceivable shape, just so people could see how it felt in their hands. Dave Evans, the company’s head of design, especially liked a subtle hourglass shape. “It would cradle your hand really, really gracefully,” he says. “The grip was fantastic.” Essential’s goal is to become the first great gadget maker since Apple. Still, Essential went with a rectangle and an off-the-shelf camera, because why reinvent the wheel? Look for the weird, wild stuff later. For now, Essential is focused on finally getting the smartphone right. “Product design for me isn’t more complicated than just building a product for myself,” Rubin says. He buys every phone—they cover virtually every surface of his office—and they all leave him wanting. “It could be something as simple as bad battery life, or a user interface that was unusable, or a bunch of fluff and bloatware that I didn’t need.” The Phone, Rubin says, is the phone he always wanted. It has no branding whatsoever. It doesn’t even have a name beyond Essential Phone, because it’s not Essential’s phone, it’s yours. (As long as you can afford the blistering sticker price.) It runs Android, pure as the driven snow, with no bloatware or customized interface. Aside from a small notch for the front-facing 8-megapixel camera, the 5.7-inch screen has no bezel. It runs the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, along with 4 gigs of RAM and 128 gigs of storage. Internally, at least, Essential didn’t try to change the game—it just tried to win. On paper, this thing looks great, even if it isn’t waterproof. Let’s Connect The most important feature is a pair of tiny dots on the back, up there on the right. It’s a magnetic dock for attaching accessories. Essential created a modular handset, but not in the build-a-phone sense of the Moto Z or Project Ara. Rubin calls it “a new notion of what an accessory is, and trying to make the accessory as future-proof as possible.” Ultimately, Essential’s success or failure hinges on what comes after the smartphone. As other manufacturers ditch headphone jacks and connectors, they render entire accessory lines obsolete. Rubin loves to mention the iPod docks with 30-pin connectors you still see in hotel rooms. He wants to make sure your Essential add-ons never go out of style. “Let’s say I come up with a new phone in the future,” Rubin says. “And let’s say it looks nothing like this. I don’t want the person who bought an accessory to have to throw it out and buy the new accessory for the new form factor.” Accessories for the phone will work on the smart-home hub, through the same connector, and will work with whatever Essential makes next. Rubin believes consumers want a beautiful, usable phone and the flexibility to decide what it does and how it works. The Essential’s first accessory isn’t, strictly speaking, an accessory. It’ll ship in the box with the phone as part of the device: a 360-degree camera, barely larger than your thumb. There’s no companion app or Bluetooth pairing; the phone simply treats it like an internal camera. It’s the smallest, simplest 360 camera you’ll find anywhere. Other accessories are coming later, and Essential plans to open source the docking system so others can build cool stuff for it. The 360 camera offers a compelling glimpse of where Rubin sees this going. Most of the 360 cameras on the market are cumbersome and complicated and not very good. Essential believes something seamless and integrated will push the technology into the mainstream. That approach helped Apple become the biggest company on the planet—MP3 players existed before the iPod, and smartphones existed before the iPhone, but Apple seemed like the first company to nail those two ideas. Essential exists in no small part because Rubin believes Apple can’t do that anymore. He wants to pick up where Apple left off. This Time, It’s Personal Ultimately, Essential’s success or failure hinges on what comes after the Phone. Rubin’s interest lies in artificial intelligence and robots. He hopes Ambient OS, and the smart gadgets it will control, is his true spiritual successor to Android. It’s the open source Internet of Things platform he’s surprised no one has built. The Home, coming a little later this year, is designed to choreograph all the smart devices in your home, finally making them all work together. The team built a system that combines SmartThings, HomeKit, Nest, and the rest, futzing in the background with the public APIs in order to make everything work seamlessly together. It works with Alexa and Siri and Google Assistant, has a touchscreen and voice control. Rubin hopes it’ll feel like you’re interacting with your home, not a gizmo in your living room. The Essential Phone has no branding, no logos, and no bezels. It’s supposed to be all pixels.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED All the smart home stuff is still coming into focus, though. Essential started with a phone because it is your most important and most intimate device, and one you already understand. And so the revolution must start there. “You have to slipstream into the ways society works,” Rubin says. He mentions Google Glass, which failed not because the tech was bad but because the world wasn’t ready to wear them. Still, the Phone feels personal to Rubin. Near the end of our time together, he walks over to a large shelf in his office and starts picking up devices he created in his previous jobs. He shows me an early Sidekick prototype, made to test the opening and closing of the complex hinge. One shelf up sits a Sony MagicLink, the proto-PDA he helped create in the ’90s at General Magic. You could argue that only Steve Jobs played a bigger role in the mobile revolution. And yet Rubin can’t stop trying to build the phone he’s always wanted. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. android Andy Rubin internet of things phones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone Phones The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone David Pierce Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs Chips Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs Brian Barrett One Man’s Quest to Make 20-Year-Old Rum in Just Six Days Science One Man’s Quest to Make 20-Year-Old Rum in Just Six Days Wayne Curtis Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On crises Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Aarian Marshall Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test military tech Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test Brian Barrett Get Ready for Skyscrapers Made of Wood. (Yes, Wood) Design Get Ready for Skyscrapers Made of Wood. (Yes, Wood) Liz Stinson The Unflinching, Unfinished Battle Royale That’s Entrancing Gamers Gaming The Unflinching, Unfinished Battle Royale That’s Entrancing Gamers Julie Muncy Why Netflix’s Best New Comedies Are Way Less Binge-Friendly TV Why Netflix’s Best New Comedies Are Way Less Binge-Friendly Charley Locke More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear Chips Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs Brian Barrett product review Review: Audeze iSine 20 Dan Starkey military tech Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test gear Take a Load Off With These 6 Swanky Camping Hammocks Chris Wright Gadget Lab Podcast Assistants, Please Wired Staff crises Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Aarian Marshall We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Latest drone footage shows historic barn taking its place at Apple Park Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 1 Videographer Matthew Roberts today shared via his YouTube channel some new drone footage of Apple Park, the iPhone maker’s new headquarters under construction in Cupertino, California. The June 2017 Apple Park aerial update shows a historic barn finally taking its place at the new headquarters while offering a closer look at the auditorium as some of the window coverings have been removed. Check out the video below to see the latest progress from Apple Park. Apple’s new headquarters will include a spot for the 1916 Glendenning Ranch barn, a historic site left from a time when the city was still a sprawling orchard. When Apple acquiered the aging Hewlett-Packard campus, it dismantled the barn and numbered it piece by piece—every plank, nail and crossbeam—so that it could be reassembled just as it was and placed so that it’s adjacent to the employee fitness center. The company even stockpiled redwood salvaged from an old grove to replace any damaged planks. The Mercury News reported that the barn will be used as a storage facility used by Apple to store sports equipment, landscaping supplies and so forth—becoming a working barn for the first time in decade. Apple says its new headquarters will be the most energy-efficient office building of its kind. Tagged: Apple Apple Campus 2 Apple Park iSpaceship Video MORE FROM iDB Watch this nighttime drone footage showing finishing touches being put on Apple Park Apple Park glows to life in new 4-minute drone flyover footage Watch new drone footage of Apple Park construction progress blackout June 2017 update on May 2017? Featured Latest Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors How to generate app-specific passwords Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music WWDC to offer fully outfitted on-site studio for podcasters WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps How to generate app-specific passwords WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Accessories Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Give us 30 seconds and we'll give you 6 issues free Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu General Election 2017 Article 50 Brexit Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Apple Apple set to develop 'Neural Engine' for AI devices May 30, 2017 Reports say the dedicated AI processor could speed up 'image recognition' and improve battery life whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Apple is developing a dedicated processor designed to handle artificial intelligence (AI) tasks, Bloomberg reports. See related  iPhone 7 vs 6S: Should you upgrade or wait for the iPhone 8? The Week Unwrapped podcast 20: Babymaking apps and bad-taste jokes Can Microsoft's Surface Studio challenge Apple's iMac? Dubbed the "Apple Neural Engine", the website says the processor could "improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence".  The company's latest smartphone, the iPhone 7, currently runs some of its AI tasks using the image signal processor and the graphics processing unit integrated on its A10 Fusion chip, says Forbes. "By having a more dedicated processor to more efficiently run those algorithms, Apple could speed up the image recognition as well as reduce drain on the iPhone's battery", the site adds.   While the Cupertino-based company has bundled its Siri AI assistant on its smartphones since 2011, Bloomberg says that the firm's "early advantage in voice-recognition" has since been overtaken by the likes of the Amazon Echo and Google Home.  But a dedicated AI processor could be integrated into devices such as driverless cars and "gadgets that run augmented reality (AR)", adds the site, helping the company regain its advantage in consumer AI.  A processor designed solely for AI tasks would not be the first chip dedicated to iPhone functions, says MacRumors, as all Apple smartphones since 2013's iPhone 5S "have included a motion coprocessor used to collect and store sensor data".  The motion coprocessor can continually track movement and other sensor data "without using significant battery" on iPhones and iPads, which the site says can also run functions such as the "Hey Siri" voice command system.  It's not yet known whether the "Neural Engine" will appear on Apple's rumoured iPhone 8 later this year, but AppleInsider suggests that the AI processor could be announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event, which runs from 5 to 9 June. Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: Technology Apple AI Smartphones WWDC You are here: Home Apple Apple set to develop 'Neural Engine' for AI devices View the discussion thread. Related Articles Best Streaming SitesBest TV streaming services 2017: Amazon, Sky Go and more E3E3 2017: Far Cry 5, Battlefront 2 and more AppleApple set to develop 'Neural Engine' for AI devices In DepthThe best travel tech SmartphonesiPhone 7 vs 6S: Should you upgrade or wait for the iPhone 8? Tesla Model 3Tesla Model 3: Prices, specs and release date One-Minute ReadXbox Game Pass: Everything you need to know The Week UnwrappedThe Week Unwrapped 20: Babymaking apps and bad-taste jokes TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living Mercedes AMG GT R: Critics thrilled by 'immense' coupe The best castles you can stay in around Europe The best travel tech Read more Popular The Grand Tour Season 2: Clarkson 'slammed' for village closure Motoring General election 2017: Corbyn and May survive TV grilling, but who won? Politics House prices to rise 6 per cent by 2021 Personal Finance Zookeeper killed by tiger is named as Rosa King, 33 UK News Wonder Woman: A knock-out blow for feminism? Film Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex May and Corbyn take questions on live TV Cambridgeshire zookeeper killed by tiger New antibiotic could lead the fight against superbugs Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE up to £56 on our latest selection from Liberty Wine BOOK NOW for our live debate on The Generation Gap SAVE 30% on tickets to the House & Garden Festival FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Thousands of small businesses still waiting for rate relief three months after Government budget promise In March’s budget, Chancellor Philip Hammond unveiled measures to cushion the blow after businesses complained that they faced crippling increases Ben Chapman Tuesday 30 May 2017 12:05 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The current delay is understood to be partly due to the fact that new bills had already been printed before the u-turn was announced Getty Thousands of small businesses hit by punishing rate hikes are still waiting almost three months after the Government pledged to provide financial support. Businesses across the country saw the rates they pay to the Government go up after properties were revalued last year for the first time in seven years. Business rates are a tax based on the rental value of a property.  In March’s budget, Chancellor Philip Hammond unveiled a series of measures to cushion the blow after some businesses complained that they faced rates going up by many multiples. Read more Philip Hammond's firm got business rates cut in Budget, figures show Mr Hammond promised that those who lost small business rate relief, which applies to firms with property worth less than a certain threshold, would not be handed rate rises of more than £50 per month. However, several small businesses have told the BBC they have received no help. Jane Antoniades, who runs a florist in Whitstable said she faced a rates increase of more than three times during a five year period. She has yet to receive any relief on her current bill, almost three months after Mr Hammond’s announcement. “So far I've had to pay £437.08 per month, instead of just over £200. It's a huge difference,” she told the BBC. ”We haven't got the capacity to pay this extra money. It's going to have a real impact on our business if we can't claw this money back soon and start paying the right amount,“ Ms Antoniades said. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 2/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 3/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 4/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 5/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 6/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 7/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 8/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 9/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 10/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 11/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 12/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 13/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 14/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 15/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 16/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 17/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 18/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 19/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 20/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 21/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 22/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 23/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 24/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 25/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 26/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 27/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 28/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 29/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty The Government had said that there would be a delay in processing the rate relief because of the snap general election. But last month, communities secretary Sajid Javid announced a u-turn on that decision. The current delay is understood to be partly due to the fact that new bills had already been printed before the u-turn was announced. Councils are also uncertain as to whether they will receive the money back from Whitehall if they process payments to businesses that include the relief. London Borough of Tower Hamlets said the council was waiting for the government to confirm the funding regulations for the scheme. "When they do, we will be able to allocate funds to eligible businesses," a spokesperson said. A spokesman for Darlington Borough Council said further guidance as well as a systems upgrade were needed, which will not happen until after the general election. The Department for Communities and Local Government said: "We have published guidance on the additional relief available to support small businesses and have encouraged local authorities to inform businesses that are eligible as soon as possible." Mark Rigby, chief executive of business rates specialists CVS, said: "A common sense approach here is needed. The money to help those most in need is coming from Government and there is no reason why revised tax demands shouldn't have been sent out by local Councils by now. These delays are simply causing panic, confusion and alarm for small firms." CVS said the Government has now written to councils with the necessary paperwork meaning that relief should finally begin to flow. More about: Business Rates Philip Hammond Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Apple protests too much about Android in switch campaign Written by Scott Bicheno 1 day ago Gadget giant Apple is no stranger to adversarial marketing and has recently trained its sights on Android in a series of petulant video ads. Apart from being a not very subtle attempt at consumer brainwashing, the purpose of this campaign is to drive people to a new part of the Apple site designed to encourage and facilitate switching to Apple from other mobile platforms. Since the mobile market is now essentially an OS duopoly, that means Android. The first lot of videos were released on YouTube a week ago to coincide with the launch of the switching site. Without any substantiation they infer processing speed, privacy, photos and music are somehow superior on the iPhone and the most recent ones reiterate claimed advantages in performance and security. You can see them all below. This campaign is reminiscent of the Mac vs Windows ones that ran back when that dichotomy seemed to matter. In case you forgot they featured a fat, dorky, uncool bloke who was supposed to personify Windows and a slim, good-looking, cool one to personify Apple. Both campaigns reflect both how Apple perceives itself and the claimed ego benefits consumers get from being part of the Apple family. Leaving aside the petty superciliousness that so often characterises Apple marketing, the underlying strategy is sound. Such growth as Apple has been able to achieve for the iPhone from underlying market growth seems to have been exhausted, so the only remaining source of customers would appear to be Android users. Unfortunately for Apple the vast majority of them are buying devices far cheaper than the cheapest iPhone, so unless that issue is addressed it’s hard to see how this campaign providing a significant boost to iPhone shipments. At the same time the tone of the ads risks antagonising some consumers and making them hostile to the Apple brand – presumably the exact opposite of what Apple is hoping.   Tags: advertising, Android, Apple, iPhone Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Android creator launches his own phone Apple jumps on the 5G bandwagon Apple and Nokia kiss and make up Qualcomm ramps litigation frenzy even further Webinars View all Customer Experience in Telecommunications: Defining the Gaps & How to Close Them 22 June 2017 White Papers View all The State of Digital Transformation in Telecommunications Share 08 May 2017 White Paper – Digital Transformation Requires a “Subscriber-First” Approach Share 30 Mar 2017 Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Events View all SD-WAN Strategies for Success 06-06 June 2017 View Event The 7th Annual Provider Forum on Data Centers and Cloud Services Infrastructure 08-09 June 2017 View Event Negotiating Network & Infrastructure Deals Conference 11-13 June 2017 View Event Polls View all How have open source groups influenced the development of virtualization in telecoms? They have been essential to the process and it would have failed without them They have been positive and helped move things along They are just one part of the mix - neither positive nor negative It's not always clear what value they add and should be less involved They are a drain on resources and actively hinder the process  Loading ... Twitter View all Europe says #Vivendi can help itself to Telecom Italia if it wants https://t.co/ajcAZsE4Nh #corporate #tv #video 30 May 2017 @ 17:16:26 UTC #Android creator launches his own phone https://t.co/biiHmh04qn #handsetsdevices #essential #smartphone 30 May 2017 @ 16:14:48 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home WWDC Feature WWDC 2017 Wish List: How tvOS 11 could drastically enhance the Apple TV experience Picture-in-Picture capabilities, support for multiple users, and improvements to the recent TV app are at the top of our WWDC wish list. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 30, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Apple More like this WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker WWDC wish list: What we’d like to see from watchOS 4 To fix the Apple TV, why not free Siri from the Siri Remote? Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Apple made a lot of promises when it revamped the Apple TV experience with the launch of tvOS 9. Two years later, there’s still room for improvement. Obviously, we still don’t have that all-new ambitious TV service that Apple was fighting for, hence why I’m still being held hostage by Comcast (for you East Coasters, that’s our version of Time Warner Cable hell). But aside from these lofty dreams to revolutionize television, Apple still has a lot of low-hanging fruit when it comes to improving the fourth generation Apple TV powered by tvOS. Most of our dream features have been inspired by the best of iOS and rightfully so. A lot of the updates and improvements Apple has made to tvOS since its initial launch stem from features first found in iPhone and iPads. So, don’t be surprise during the tvOS portion of the WWDC keynote on June 5 when some of the updates seem familiar, and yet long overdue for the TV platform. ”Hey Siri” hands-free voice activation Rumor has it that Apple is going to unveil an all-new Siri Speaker at WWDC, but what if it’s instead an always-listening Siri remote for the Apple TV? All the Apple TV really needs to order to compete against Amazon Echo and Google Home is hands-free activation, and iPhones already have that in the form of “Hey Siri.” [ Further reading: The best DVRs for cord cutters ] Apple “Hey Siri, how many days has it been?” We’ve all been there. After some who-knows how many hours of binge-watching, Netflix rudely brings up that prompt asking if you’re still there. All of the sudden, you have to emerge from your binge-hole, find the Siri remote and confirm your existence. Now imagine if all that could be avoided by shouting, “Hey Siri, I’m still here!” One thing to consider if tvOS were better-equipped to handle voice requests is not for Siri on the nearby iPhone not to get confused. Maybe Siri could learn to differentiate when I’m too lazy to pick up up my iPhone and when I’m next-level lazy and can’t even pick up the remote. iPad-style Picture-in-Picture and Split View It’s weird that a feature called “Picture-in-Picture” is not originally part of tvOS. It already made it macOS Sierra. Picture-in-Picture and Split View (another iPad-exclusive productivity feature) seem tailor-made for the Apple TV experience. It may sound a little overwhelming to be able to watch two video streams at the same time, but an alternating mute option could make it more enjoyable experience. It beats having to switch back and forth between two channels. The Verifier Plus, Apple is encouraging people to use their Apple TV for more than just binge-watching movies and shows – so this type of multi-tasking would be very welcomed. For example, Trulia and Zillow both have a tvOS app that lets you browse through real estate listings and even tour some available homes. A Split View feature would make it easy to compare the listings. Meanwhile, Picture-in-Picture sounds like the perfect solution for ordering from the Grubhub tvOS app without having to close out of Netflix, or making the most out of a commercial break by swiping on Tinder. Netflix integration in the TV app One of the best things about tvOS 10 was the debut of the TV app. By bringing together all the content from my installed apps, it quickly became my go-to whenever I wanted to find something new to watch or catch up on new episodes of my favorite shows. There is one little problem: It doesn’t bring Netflix programming to the fold. Now that Amazon Video is rumored to be coming to Apple TV, however, I’m hopeful that Apple and Netflix can also settle their petty differences. If the TV app gets integrated with more of these services, I can see it potentially becoming the home screen on the Apple TV. That way I won’t have to navigate through a grid of logo apps that don’t reveal anything about which shows and series each channel has. Did you know that Project Runway is now on Lifetime and that America’s Next Top Model plays on VH1? Yeah, me neither... Support multi-users with switchable profiles I don’t know about you, but it’s likely that your household only has one Apple TV. Unlike an iPhone, the Apple TV is intended to be a shared device so it’s ridiculous that it doesn’t support multiple users. That way you could be able to switch to your profile and access all the content tied to your individual Apple ID, like your Apple Music playlists and your iCloud Photo Library. The Verifier There is even a rumor going around that Apple is gearing up to announce this exact feature in tvOS 11 during WWDC. According to The Verifier, an Israeli tech site, tvOS 11 would make switching between profiles as easy as going from one app to another. Dynamic screen savers with Today-like widgets Don’t get me wrong, I drool over those HD screen savers (especially the Dubai one), but there is no real use to them. And that’s not very Apple of them. I would love to see tvOS 11 to steal another gem from iOS and bring a Today-style screen saver that surfaces widgets with the weather and the news, along with personal information like calendar events and reminders. Weather TV Notifications that are not annoying It’s a fine line between getting an important reminder and being bombarded nonstop, so that’s why tvOS notifications should be implemented thoughtfully. I could see myself setting up notifications so that I know when important live events are coming on like a Giants game or a Giants game. In addition to live TV reminders, tvOS could also pop-up very limited iOS notifications, like emergency calls, texts from your VIP contacts, or critical updates from your HomeKit-connected devices. Now check out our other WWDC 2017 wish lists 🙏 Accessibility features Apple needs to add to iOS and macOS What we’d like to see from watchOS 4 What we’d like from the Siri Speaker To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: WWDC Software Consumer Electronics Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Streaming Services Apple TV Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery times slip until after WWDC, hardware updates expected Benjamin Mayo - May. 30th 2017 2:52 am PT @bzamayo WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Apple Online Store is now out of stock of current 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar configurations, with estimated delivery quoted as June 5 – June 7. Amazon is also reporting constrained stock availability of the 15-inch models. June 5 just happens to be the same day as the WWDC keynote which points to a hardware refresh at the event. The change in shipping times was first noticed by MacRumors. Although WWDC is typically a software event, there have been several rumors of new hardware this time around … Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial The 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is not available for delivery before June 5 or in-store pickup before June 8. When shipping dates lapse at the Apple Online Store, it is often a good indicator that a new version is coming soon. When those dates coincide with an Apple event, it’s an even stronger signal. Small refreshes to Apple’s Mac laptops have been reported, with the company supposedly upgrading the MacBook Pro to Kaby Lake chips for the first time. The 13-inch MacBook Pro is currently shipping as normal so perhaps only the 15-inch will see an update next week. Updates to the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Air have also been rumored. Stock availability for these models currently appear normal, although there is still time for that to change ahead of the Monday keynote.   Aside from Macs, many expect to see a new iPad Pro at WWDC 2017. This would be a new iPad form factor with the tablet featuring a 10.5-inch display and narrower side bezels although overall chassis will be similar to the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. An Apple competitor to the Amazon Echo has also been rumored, tentatively named ‘Siri Speaker’. Although it isn’t clear exactly how this product will look, it is expected to focus on speaker quality for Apple Music wireless playback and will likely cost more than its rivals. Even with the new hardware, the conference will still be a big software event. An architectural software update to the Siri platform has been long-rumored and would tie in to the Siri Speaker hardware unveiling. Apple will also announce iOS 11, macOS 10.13, tvOS 11 and watchOS 4 — the next major versions of its operating systems. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers MacBook Pro 2017 Expected to Release as Early as June 8 By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 30, 2017 07:36 PM For those following the latest developments regarding the MacBook Pro 2017 would know by now that it might get announced sometime next month. The rumour mill surrounding the said laptop suggest that the announcement could happen during the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, CA. The said event will happen on June 5 and will feature other Apple products in addition to the rumored MacBook Pro 2017 announcement. While this may sound quite exciting for anyone attending the said event, consumers should note that Apple has already updated the shipping dates for the MacBook Pro, particularly the 15-inch version. According to the Mac Rumors, the shipping for the said version of the laptop now dates between Jun 6 to 8. This is just a few days after the WWDC 2017 event. This new shipping dates may mean that these MacBook Pros will be the 2017 version that everyone has been expecting. The MacBook Pro 2017 will not be very different from the previous model, at least in looks. It will retain the same thin design with the Touch Bar and four USB Type-C Thunderbolt 3.0 ports. However, on the inside, the laptop will receive its much needed upgrade. MacBook Pro (via apple.com) For the longest time, fans of the laptop have been asking Apple to release a version of it with the Intel Kaby Lake processor. Well, they will be happy to know that that time has finally arrived. The new MacBook Pro 2017 will sport the latest and fastest Kaby Lake processors for laptop applications. On top of that, it will also receive a few minor upgrades on the RAM and storage technology. Of course, consumers can expect that new MacBook Pro 2017 to have the latest and fastest NVMe storage from Apple. Along with the MacBook Pro 2017, Apple is also expected to unveil the updates for the original MacBook and the MacBook Air. The MacBook Air, in particular, will also get some internal upgrades just like the MacBook Pro. Unfortunately, there are no updates if Apple intends to change the overall design of the MacBook Air. It has been years since the company took notice of the said laptop and perhaps it is quite timely that a refresh is very much needed. For more updates on the MacBook Pro 2017, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Surface Pro 4 vs iPad Pro: Microsoft Refreshes Tablet for Another Round with Apple MacBook Pro 2017 Expected to Release as Early as June 8 May 30th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Essential Phone Officially Announced; Features Weird Screen Design and Mods Support Andy Rubin Set to Announce Essential Android Smartphone on May 30 Apple iPhone 8 Release, Specs: Display Will Have Same Aspect Ratio as Samsung Galaxy S8 Product VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad Super Rude Bear Resurrection TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard No Stick Shooter (App) About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Street Fighter 5 Update 1.10 Possibly Reveals The Next DLC Fighter HTC & Intel To Release Wireless HTC Vive VR Headset Next Year The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Special reports: THE IDEA FACTORY PROSPER Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Analysis Edit Why streaming needs subscription bundles Noel Murray iStock May 30, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles Today's top cartoons The good news newsletter The week's best photojournalism Daily business briefing For about a decade now, there's been a lot of talk in the media about cord-cutters: those folks who've given up on cable and satellite TV, and instead get their television mostly from the internet. Thanks to ad-supported network websites and apps — supplemented by behemoth subscription streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon — cord-cutters have been able to see most of the TV that everyone's talking about, without having to pay the cable/satellite premium for channels they never watch. But the golden age of cord-cutting may be coming to an end, as more and more media companies look to move consumers away from the expectation that they can get anything for free. Rather than streaming new shows for nothing on their own sites — or licensing their catalogues to Netflix or its competitors — rights-holders to TV series and movies are inclined today to use what they own to anchor new video-on-demand outlets. If you're an action/adventure/fantasy TV fan, for example, you may have already subscribed to CBS All Access, a relatively new digital arm that carries a lot of the network's older shows and will soon will be the exclusive home of the much-anticipated Star Trek: Discovery. Meanwhile, the various divisions of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment keep spinning off new niche-marketed services. Like old movies? Pay a few bucks each month to Warner Archive. Like Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera? The cable channel Boomerang is now available to stream, for a fee. Like DC Comics superheroes? Next year, Warner's launching a DC-branded VOD channel featuring two new shows, Titans and Young Justice: Outsiders. The options for home entertainment are getting increasingly stark: Either shell out a lot of money for cable, or pay almost exactly as much to a dozen or so standalone streamers. Frankly, this seems unsustainable. Even beyond the cash outlay, it's inconvenient to juggle multiple passwords and recurring bills. Plus, it's a pain just to remember to keep checking for new content. By tradition, TV is a passive medium. Viewers plop down on the couch, push a button, and see what's on. They don't want to have to manage a spreadsheet to keep track of everything they're paying for. The question then is how creators, distributors, and technological innovators can work together to deliver that kind of simplified experience. The answer may lie in a return to the past, in two surprisingly durable concepts: the DVR and cable TV itself. The greatest gift to TV watchers in the 21st century has been the DVR — not because of its ability to zap commercials, but because it has made managing the vastness of cable content easier. You just program your box to find and record anything you might want to see, and then with just one or two button-presses, you can check out what's in your queue. Apple TV has recently tried to emulate the functionality of devices like TiVo by letting cord-cutters organize all of their subscriptions via an app just called "TV." But it doesn't quite work. Every time a new subscription service emerges, it doesn't automatically get added to Apple's "TV." New deals must be struck, and not every media entity is inclined to cooperate. In fact, two of the biggest VOD providers, Netflix and Amazon, can't be accessed via Apple's app. (Netflix's app is available separately on Apple TV; Amazon's isn't.) These disconnects aren't Apple's fault. Everybody who has a stake in the future of media would rather not help Apple deliver its next iPhone-level success ... or indeed allow anyone to become another industry-dominator like Google, Amazon, or Netflix. And yet the market seems ready for whomever will be the first to deliver an easy-to-use multi-subscription app — the kind where one button takes the user to a DVR-style queue where the latest episodes of Star Trek: Discovery, Titans, The Handmaid's Tale, Game of Thrones, Bosch, and Orange Is the New Black are all ready to watch. I have a TiVo, which comes close to that ideal. I program it to record my favorite shows off of cable (because I'm not a cord-cutter), and if I wanted to I could also let it keep track of my favorites from Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, and HBO Go. As it happens, I still use my Apple TV for most of my subscriptions, because the video and audio quality is better and the internet connection's more reliable. Also, TiVo doesn't link to everything. If I want to watch something from Acorn, FilmStruck, CBS All Access, or Warner Archive, I have to go to a different device. What I'd really like to see happen — and what is probably inevitable, as Vox's Todd VanDerWerff points out — is for streaming services to start working together and offering subscription "bundles." It would make sense, for example, for all the Warner-related outlets to be available as one big package. Even better would be if a company like FilmStruck partnered with the similar arthouse cinema sites Fandor and MUBI. I'm not talking about mergers, per se. But if instead of paying $11 a month to FilmStruck alone I could pay $15 and get Fandor and MUBI added on, or $20 and get Warner Archive too, then that's something I'd consider — especially if I could then manage all that content easily via my Apple TV or TiVo. There's more than a little irony then to this potential bundling future. One of the whole points of cord-cutting was that it was supposed to free TV viewers from the burden of having to pay for what they don't want. People who don't care one bit about sports have for decades now been sending money to cable companies who then hand over a hefty percentage of that revenue to ESPN. Meanwhile, sports fans gripe that they have to flip past Bravo, Lifetime, and Turner Classic Movies to find the game. It's an inefficient system. I'm fairly sure, though, that as soon as subscription streaming services start going the wholesale route, we'll once again be living in a media reality where, say, if you want Showtime's streaming option, you'll also have to take CBS All Access, CBS Sports, CW Seed, and the Smithsonian Channel. This is probably the only way that the increased fragmenting of VOD companies is going to work in the long term. Nobody wants to keep adding subscriptions to their bill. But if the CBS Corporation just makes the Showtime subscription more expensive and then throws in everything they've got into the package, then a lot of people will just shrug and click the "pay now" button. I disagree with VanDerWerff on the particulars of how this future will play out. He believes the big cable companies will manage these bundles, and that cord-cutters will come back into the fold of cable and satellite, paying one bill every month for regular TV plus all the streaming subscription bundles they want. Maybe it's because I live in a smallish city served by a regional cable company (instead of Comcast or Cox or its ilk), but I don't see that as a clear endpoint. Instead, I think if the bundles themselves become lucrative, then media conglomerates will be incentivized to work with an Apple or Roku or TiVo to make sure their packages are easily purchasable and accessible. And if that happens, then there won't be any one device or app that will destroy the competition. They'll all be similar portals to similar content — like different grocery stores that all carry the same brands of ketchup. That could ultimately make cord-cutting easier. Right now, several big networks like ESPN require a cable or satellite subscription to access their streaming services; but given that ESPN has been losing cable subscribers at an alarming rate, it may make sense for it to partner with its corporate siblings ABC and Disney on a streaming bundle. This could be what TV-watching is like five years from now. If you have a "smart TV" — or a set-top box — you'll go straight to a main screen that manages all your subscription bundles. You won't need to click on "NBC" or "Netflix." Instead you either click on a programming guide that shows you everything you could watch — in an old-fashioned TV Guide-like grid — or you click on the list of shows you've already told your device you want to see, and start watching the next episode. The actual companies who handle that content will become all but invisible, aside from the monthly charges on your credit card bill. This isn't the ideal future that was mapped out so many years ago when media analysts started touting the possibility of getting cable TV "a la carte." But then the path we're on now is to a future where we pay hundreds of dollars a month to two dozen separate subscription services — each with their own separate interface, and some with exclusive deals with particular devices. And that's not ideal either. It may be that cable had the right idea all along, selling 100 channels for the price of 20, to viewers who only ever watch 10. Functioning as a volume business allowed cable TV channels to innovate, and for the medium to develop more variety and sophistication. All this time, it turns out we were paying more to get more. Even as the technology improves, there's no reason to reject a principle so sound. Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More from Noel Murray See All 10 King Arthur retellings that are even weirder than King Arthur: Legend of the Sword Noel Murray Hollywood's criminal neglect of non-superhero comics Noel Murray TV's twisted love of time travel Noel Murray Most popular See All 1 Sean Spicer gets in a fight with reporters after failing to come up with a sturdy example of fake news Jeva Lange 2 Republican politician from California wants to create a conservative utopia in Texas Catherine Garcia 3 He threw a tantrum. She ignored him. Annabel Monaghan Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Home Apple News Apple Rumors iPhone iPad iPod Mac Apple TV Apple Watch About Mac MacOS Share on Facebook Are Macs Still as Safe as they Were? In the wake of the headline-grabbing cyber attack of May 2017, you’ve probably felt at least a little smug as a committed Apple user. It’s known that the WannaCry ransomware at the center of the attack specifically targeted Windows machines, leaving Macs unscathed. Furthermore, it was Microsoft Windows that made the news all over the UK. This was due to the fact that the attack’s significant impact on the country’s National Health Service was largely caused by many departments continuing to use unsupported copies of Windows XP, as the Guardian writes. What about Mac viruses? While it’s fair to say that Apple Macs have never been targeted by hackers as much as Windows machines, complacency is foolish when it comes to cybersecurity. People once thought that Apple users could manage quite safely without running an antivirus, but is this really still a sensible strategy? In actual fact, mainstream news sources such as Forbes have been reporting on Mac viruses for many years now. Despite the fact that the Unix-based Mac OS does some clever things to prevent against viruses, such as checking files against lists of known malware and running programs in a “sandboxed” way to limit any damage they can do, Macs do still fall victim to infection. If you keep an eye on technical news stories, you probably hear more and more about these infections nowadays too. IMAGE: Pixabay So, while Apple’s smaller market share may make producing Mac malware less of a priority to hackers, Macs are, by no means, off their radar. Anti-malware software is, therefore, at least worth serious consideration if you are a Mac user. Minimising other risks to Macs Having established that Apple Macs perhaps aren’t quite as safe as they once were, let’s consider what risks exist and how you can mitigate them. There are three things every Mac user can do make their systems as safe as possible. Thankfully these don’t take too much effort to implement. 1. Install updates promptly If you’re one of those people who tends to click “ask me tomorrow” whenever you’re prompted to carry out a system update on your Mac, it’s time to change your approach and start installing updates as soon as you see them. Usually, when a big threat to Macs is discovered, Apple is quick to roll out preventative fixes – but this won’t be much use to you if you don’t install them. A patch that protected Windows users from the WannaCry ransomware was made available by Microsoft many weeks before the large-scale cyber attack. Many of those affected could have avoided trouble by installing this patch on time. 2. Choose your applications and services carefully Most software nowadays has at least some online element – so no matter how secure your Mac is, you’re still at risk if a software vendor isn’t taking good care of security on their end. In 2016, Verizon revealed that the number one source of data breaches are “Web Application Attacks.” This means hackers are attacking the servers that host customer data. One hopes and assumes that large companies will have systems in place such as a web application firewall to protect against hackers, but can we make the same assumption about smaller software firms? A web application firewall can protect online systems from all kinds of online security risks, but only if you’re only surfing websites and making online purchases on sites that actually made the necessary investment in one. So, make sure you’re confident in the software you choose, asking about their security if need be. Otherwise, a company’s shortcuts can become your problem.   IMAGE: Pixabay 3. Always remember physical security Even if you have top-class antivirus and only use the safest of online services, your Mac isn’t safe if someone steals it! Unfortunately, Apple kit is desirable – and a real target for thieves, so the best thing you can do is make sure that if someone does steal your Mac, there’s nothing much they can do with it. First off, make sure you use FileVault to encrypt your storage drive. This will stop anyone accessing any of your data. Activate Find my Mac as well, to give yourself the best chance of tracking it down. Finally, don’t undermine all of your other security efforts by assigning a weak password to your computer!   Macs are still safer that Windows machines if you look at the statistics. However, they’re neither bullet-proof nor as (relatively) safe as they once were. It’s important to take the necessary steps to protect your data. Share on Facebook New Posts Are Macs Still as Safe as they Were? This is how the impossible design of the iPhone 8 has come true Why You’re Making Mobile Streaming a Hit for Major Brands Related Posts Beware, the Windows “Snake” malware arrives at macOS as an installation of Adobe Flash How to detect and connect to the best possible Wi-Fi network without any tools or software other than the Mac The top 5 Reasons to Buy a MacBook Air 13 Mac Security Previous Article This is how the impossible design of the iPhone 8 has come true Facebook Twitter © 2017 iFans.com. All Rights Reserved. Web Design List Mag WP Menu Home Apple News Apple Rumors iPhone iPad iPod Mac Apple TV Apple Watch About Join our feeds to automatically receive the latest headlines, news, and information formatted for your club's website or news reader.
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share Apple Switch to iPhone site and adverts target perceived Achilles’ heels of Google’s operating system Alan Martin @alan_p_martin 30 May 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Between 2006 and 2009, Apple ran a series of ads targeting the main competitor of the company at the time: Microsoft. The adverts – which in the UK featured David Mitchell as a stuffy PC, and Robert Webb as a far cooler Mac – were pretty popular, even if Robert Webb himself later admitted he thought his character seemed smug and didn’t have any funny lines. See related  Apple releases the Cookie Monster advert outtakes... and they're fantastic Watch James Corden try to impress stony-faced Apple execs in two minutes of your life that you’re never getting back Cortana and Siri argue over what makes a computer in new Microsoft ad Eight years later and things are very different – the opposition has changed, and the stadium has moved. Mobile internet browsing overtook the desktop for the first time last year, and that’s a crossover point to which there’s no coming back from. In the mobile space, there’s only one rival worth worrying about, and it sure as hell isn’t Microsoft. The full statistics from quarter four last year are hidden behind that link, but to save you a click, Android had 81.7% of the market, followed by iOS on 17.9%. The remaining 0.4% was divided between Windows, “Other” and BlackBerry – the latter of which had a marketshare so small it could be rounded down to 0.0%. So it’s no surprise that Apple’s latest campaign is targeted at the rival with a marketshare worth eating away at. To that end, the company has launched a section of their site dedicated to switching to iPhone, which covers topics such as ease of use, the camera, sustainability, speed and customer satisfaction. Android is namechecked just twice in the page, though given the webpage’s title tag reads “Switch from Android to iPhone – Apple,” I think we can be pretty confident as to who they have in mind. Still, perhaps Apple’s marketing department regarded that as a bit too subtle, because they’ve now launched three new 16-second adverts on the company YouTube channel, and two of them take a pretty direct swipe at perceived weaknesses in the Android armour. First up: security. Video of iPhone — Security — Apple Next, Apple targets the kind of choppiness you can get on low-end Android phones (a little harsh, given that’s down to phone specifications rather than the OS itself, but that’s advertising for you): Video of iPhone — Smooth — Apple Finally, Apple provides a visual demonstration of how easy it can be to relocate all your contacts to their new home: Video of iPhone — Contacts — Apple If you’re thinking all of these are a touch underwhelming, I agree with you. This is absolutely not a call for Apple to bring back James Corden, but I wouldn’t be averse to Cookie Monster getting another spell in the limelight. Read more about: Life & Culture You are here: Home Apple Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Apple REALLY wants Android users to switch to iOS 30 May 2017 Apple The 5 best Kodi boxes you can get right now 5 May 2017 Software Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars A step-by-step guide to hooking up monitors to your laptop 10 May 2017 Laptops Our pick of the most essential Chromecast apps 3 May 2017 Google Chromecast Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Barclaycard takes on Amazon Go with checkout-free app “Grab and go” tech would automatically charge users through a smartphone app 30 May 2017 Technology Intel’s new CPU has a crazy 18 cores Core blimey! 30 May 2017 PCs Rolls-Royce Sweptail: A £10 million one-off The Sweptail is like a compilation of the nicest Rolls-Royces 30 May 2017 Cars F1 2017: Watch Kimi Raikkonen's pole lap around Monaco This is how you drive a 2017 Formula One car 30 May 2017 Cars Business How technology is changing your work 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Minibrew raises $2.8 million to put a keg in your kitchen Minibrew is a tech-heavy answer to making homemade craft beer 24 May 2017 Startups Science Developments from the frontiers of science Trump and the Paris climate agreement: Decision time The UN’s May meetings are usually quiet affairs, but this time all eyes are on the United States 27 May 2017 Environment The brain starts to eat itself when it can’t sleep The cells in mouse brains go into overdrive after a long period of sleeplessness, which could increase the risk of Alzheimer's 26 May 2017 Bioscience Floating solar farm in China is the world’s largest The 40-megawatt solar facility in China’s Anhui province is built on flooded coal mines 24 May 2017 Environment This smartphone app wants to train you for space Space Nation wants to turn people into astronauts, but can an app be a gateway for space travel? 19 May 2017 Space Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Rolls-Royce Sweptail: A £10 million one-off The Sweptail is like a compilation of the nicest Rolls-Royces 30 May 2017 Cars F1 2017: Watch Kimi Raikkonen's pole lap around Monaco This is how you drive a 2017 Formula One car 30 May 2017 Cars BMW wants to reinvent urban mobility on two wheels BMW’s Motorrad Concept Link is probably a way off, but it could bring zero emissions to two wheels 26 May 2017 Cars Has BMW just killed the i5? The i programme might be over – and it's a huge shame 26 May 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Robot priest is a self-checkout for absolution To mark the anniversary of the Reformation, a robotic priest has been unveiled in Germany 31 May 2017 Life & Culture Apple REALLY wants Android users to switch to iOS Switch to iPhone site and adverts target perceived Achilles’ heels of Google’s operating system 30 May 2017 Apple Watch the Far Cry 5 trailer The latest news and rumours about Far Cry 5 26 May 2017 Games Cassettes are coming back, with a digital twist MIXXTAPE has more than met its funding target with over $20,000 pledged for the refresh of a retro cassette 26 May 2017 Life & Culture The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei MateBook X: Huawei's new laptop is a MacBook rival 23 May 2017 Laptops Digital breathalysers: Are they worth the money? 18 May 2017 Technology Kobo Aura H20 2017 review – Kindle's waterproof rival 18 May 2017 Tablets Google Home: New features announced at Google I/O 2017 17 May 2017 Google Raspberry Pi Zero W: The perfect £10 computer 17 May 2017 Raspberry Pi HTC U11: The squeezy smartphone with the best camera around 16 May 2017 Mobile phones Kia Rio review: Not bad at all for the price 12 May 2017 Cars Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Logitech Pop Smart Button now compatible with Apple HomeKit, control your Hue, Sonos and other kit with one tap Rik Henderson30 May 2017Smart Home Logitech Available in Apple stores from 13 June £120 for starter kit £35 each additional Pop Button Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment As you add more smart home devices to your abode you soon realise that instead of making life less complicated, they can sometimes do the opposite. That's because each device requires a different app to control it. And even when all linked through a unifying smart home system, you might find you have to hunt for your smartphone, open it, open the app and activate products just to boil a kettle to make a cup of tea. It is the very definition of a first world problem. Pressing the on switch on a non-smart kettle is so much simpler. The Logitech Pop Smart Button might be the answer though. We first encountered the Pop Smart Button at the end of last year. But it's now been made compatible with Apple HomeKit, which is a big deal for iOS users. It is also about to be sold in Apple stores in the UK, from 13 June. Apple HomeKit and Home app: What are they and how do they work? Apple HomeKit tips and tricks with Apple TV Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5, PlayBar or PlayBase What Philips Hue smart bulbs are there and which should you buy? It comprises one big button you can wall-mount or leave on a side table that, with one tap, can switch on the lights, draw the curtains, even start music on your Sonos system. And it comes with three different gesture options, so different interactions can be pre-programmed and controlled easily. You also get a bridge device in the Pop Smart Button Kit that links to your home network wirelessly and interacts with all the compatible smart home devices you own. It works with devices that are HomeKit-enabled, but also many that aren't. You can set compatible kit up through Apple Home or a dedicated Pop app for iOS or Android. The Logitech Pop Smart Button Kit is available for £119.99. Inside you get the bridge and one of the Pop Smart Buttons. You can also buy additional Pop Smart Buttons at £34.99 a, ahem, pop. Sections Logitech Smart Home Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Dyson 360 Eye review: Finally, a robotic vacuum that really works Nest Cam IQ preview: 4K sensor brings facial recognition and more precise alerts Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot vs Echo Look vs Echo Show: What's the difference? Nest Cam IQ 4K security camera can tell the difference between a burglar or a thing Nest Cam IQ preview: 4K sensor brings facial recognition and more precise alerts Essential made an Amazon Echo-like device called Home, coming soon Logitech Pop Smart Button now compatible with Apple HomeKit, control your Hue, Sonos and other kit with one tap Bargain! Amazon Echo drops to £124, buy yours now save £25 Ikea's smart lights add voice control via Alexa, Assistant, and Homekit You can now control LG smart home appliances using Google Home Google Home can now make hands-free phone calls like Amazon Echo Google Home can now give you visual responses on phones and Chromecast Essential Phone vs Pixel XL vs Pixel: How does the newbie compare? Samsung Galaxy S8 tips and tricks: An expert's guide Volkswagen Golf GTI first drive: The hot hatch that transcends boundaries Volkswagen Golf R-Line first drive: Leader of the pack BlackBerry KeyOne review: BlackBerry's bold return to form Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today 64 ways to get a giggle out of Siri Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot vs Echo Look vs Echo Show: What's the difference? Computex 2017: All the announcements that matter Casio WSD-F20 review: The best Android Wear sports watch for outdoor activities Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Technology Android user? Apple's new 'Switch to iPhone' campaign wants to convert you The iPhone and iPad maker is pushing for more people to switch over from Google's Android phones  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 09:39, 30 MAY 2017 Technology Apple's Switch to iPhone campaign is targeting Android users (Photo: Apple)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Tech fans are divided over which system is better - Apple's iOS-running iPhones or the varied Android devices that use Google's OS. While Apple offers a uniform experience across its devices (and often a higher resale value) the Android phones are often cheaper. And as Google showed with its recent I/O conference, there's a lot of impressive features on Android devices like the Pixel phone. But ahead of its own developer conference - next week's WWDC - Apple has launched a new campaign dedicated to winning over Android users to iPhone. Read More We're Siri-ous: Google launches it's voice-controlled Assistant on your iPhone Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The "Switch to iPhone" campaign has its own subsection on Apple's website where the company lays out how easy it is to swap over. Boldly claiming that "Life is easier on iPhone", the campaign has various questions and answers about why gadget fans might favour the fruit. There's also information on battery life, privacy and Apple's own commitment to environmental policies. Read More Android O: 5 key features of Google's new mobile operating system "There’s no need to save your stuff elsewhere before switching from Android. Just download the Move to iOS app from the Google Play Store and it securely transfers your content for you," explains Apple. Why does Apple want users to switch? When it comes to owning the mobile market, Android far outstrips Apple's iOS. That's because Google allows any manufacturer to use its software on its devices. That means whether its the high-end Samsung Galaxy S8 or low-price Moto X it still runs the same software, and Google gets the credit. Read More Google I/O 2017 keynote LIVE: Tech giant to announce updates to Android, Home and Daydream at annual developer conference Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now During its quarterly earnings calls, when Apple reveals its numbers to investors, one key factor is often how many users have switched from Android to iOS. poll loading Which mobile operating system do you use? 0+ VOTES SO FAR iOS Android Windows Phone "We saw the largest absolute number of switchers outside of Greater China that we've ever seen in the same period," Apple boss Tim Cook said at the last Apple earnings call. As Google continues to innovate with Android, Apple has to push hard to make sure it retains a decent segment of the mobile market. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Google Android Pixel iOS iPad iPhone Technology all Most Read Most Recent Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion SmartphonesToddlers at risk of developing tech addiction as parents rely on gadgets to entertain kids Parents are resorting to tablets and smartphones to keep their toddlers entertained in the car, before bed, and even at the dinner table Video GamesVideo game releases to look out for in June 2017 - including ARMS, Crash Bandicoot and WipEout From long-armed brawlers to futuristic hover racing, this month has plenty to offer for all types of gamers. NasaNASA announces first mission to 'touch the sun' in bid to unlock mysteries of the corona The mission will see a solar probe swoop to within 4 million miles of the sun's surface Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event FestivalsBest festival tech 2017: Gadgets and apps to help you survive the summer's hottest music events As festival season kicks off in the UK, we take a look at the gadgets and apps that will help things run smoothly Most Read Most Recent Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool receive Virgil van Dijk boost with £50m-rated defender attracted by chance to play for Jurgen Klopp Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal and Man City are all interested in the Southampton defender Arsenal FC5 players who could arrive - and 5 who could go as part of £150m Arsenal summer overhaul Wenger has been promised a £150m-plus transfer kitty to help kick-start a Premier League title challenge Hen night18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts One of the women in the Leicester group branded the decision "a complete load of rubbish" Manchester United FCManchester United named most valuable club in Europe as six Premier League sides make top 10 The club have an Enterprise Value (EV) of £2.7bn - more than any other club on the continent Merseyside PoliceToxteth 'murders': Woman and two children found dead at home and man arrested amid gas leak fears A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder Love IslandTOWIE's Jon Clark says Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst spent night with him before show - but she accuses him of sexting another woman Essex star Jon is insisting new Love Island contestant Chloe Crowhurst was his girlfriend - and he was stunned to find out she'd signed up for Love Island Department of Environmental HealthCurry shop horror as inspectors shocked to find LIVE chickens on premises as well no soap and filthy uniforms Inspectors at The Indian Kitchen in Southport also found raw mince next to 'ready to eat' lettuce with the potential of a cross contamination of bacteria NeymarNeymar hugs giant sumo wrestler Harumafuji Kohei as Brazilian launches new jewellery range The Barcelona superstar posed for snaps with the Mongolian behemoth as he attended a press event centred on the release of his new watch Summer transfer windowTransfer news LIVE - Latest updates on Antoine Griezmann to Manchester United and Alexis Sanchez's future at Arsenal The window will not officially open for a few weeks but that will not stop the big sides from lining up their targets          Liam GallagherLiam Gallagher poignantly lights 22 candles on stage to remember victims of Manchester terror attack at solo benefit concert Proceeds from the benefit concert held at Manchester's 02 Ritz will go to the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund Top Stories AfghanistanTwenty killed and 300 wounded in huge car bomb blast near embassies Police said the explosion, believed to have been set off by a suicide bomber, occurred in an area close to the German embassy but there's 'no exact target' British Transport Police'Can you help my mummy?' Brave police officers first to scene of Manchester bomb attack share their stories Brave officers from British Transport Police witnessed harrowing scenes which will stay with them forever Arlene PhillipsArlene Phillips reveals she was told she was a “freak” for having a child at 47 The 74-year-old said a doctor even told her she should be her daughter's grandmother NHSMan lost his entire ARM after being nipped on the hand by playful puppy trying to steal food Michael Cole, 40, fell victim to sepsis within hours of the bite and nearly lost his life Kathy GriffinComedian Kathy Griffin apologises after Donald Trump 'beheading' sketch sparks uproar "I went way too far," the US comedian said after the photoshoot sparked a massive backlash Donald TrumpDonald Trump baffles world again with absolutely nonsense tweet including a word that isn't a word Thousands of social media users have rallied together to make the most of the unfortunate mistake on the President's Twitter feed - and he can't delete it Princess DianaDiana crash limo was a 'doomed death trap' that had been written off and rebuilt: Shock new claims Bosses at hotel chain the Ritz allegedly ignored warnings about the state of the vehicle in which Diana, Dodi Fayed and Henri Paul died in 1997, according to allegations aired on French TV Rosa KingTragic zoo keeper mauled to death by tiger admitted 'big cat she loved saw her as next meal' Rosa King was mauled to death on Bank Holiday Monday, but her pal Tracey Eyre said the dedicated animal lover would not want the tiger responsible euthanised MarriageFiancee of man found dead in hotel pool nine weeks before wedding says heart has been 'ripped out' Darren Steedman-Kerr's body was discovered at a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel aged just 29 ParentingHomeless Manchester terror attack hero is still living on streets despite well-wishers donating thousands Chris Parker acted incredibly bravely in the aftermath on the Manchester bombing Inquests"I don't want him to go": Mum's screams after finding son's body tangled in duvet cover used as curtain Ashton Tuckey, who had Down's Syndrome and autism, died from compression to his neck after getting caught in the make-shift curtain. PolicePolice lockdown at Orlando Airport over man armed with gun The suspect is in the rental car area of the airport, according to reports Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion Pokemon GoPokémon Go trainers receive mysterious PROMO CODES from Niantic - but what do they mean? The latest feature for the hit mobile game is trickling through - but trainers have yet to find out what it means SmartphonesToddlers at risk of developing tech addiction as parents rely on gadgets to entertain kids Parents are resorting to tablets and smartphones to keep their toddlers entertained in the car, before bed, and even at the dinner table Stephen FryStephen Fry gives a stark warning about the future of the internet The self-confessed gadget fan and former QI presenter spoke of 'dire consequences' during a lecture at the Hay Festival AppleAndroid user? Apple's new 'Switch to iPhone' campaign wants to convert you The iPhone and iPad maker is pushing for more people to switch over from Google's Android phones Pokemon GoPokémon Go event rumoured to introduce SHINY characters - as gamers notice some strange goings-on Hardcore Pokémon GO players are reporting some strange happenings inside the hit mobile game - leading them to believe an update is coming WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app AppleWWDC 2017: When is Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address and how can I follow it? Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho CybersecurityWhat is 'Wanna Decryptor'? A look at the ransomware that brought down the NHS A virus potentially derived from the CryptoLocker malware crippled NHS trusts across the UK today BMWBMW's Motorrad Concept Link is a futuristic electric motorbike straight out of Tron The vehicle performs both as a means of transport and as a communication device FestivalsBest festival tech 2017: Gadgets and apps to help you survive the summer's hottest music events As festival season kicks off in the UK, we take a look at the gadgets and apps that will help things run smoothly SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers PokemonPokémon Go grass event REVEALED - and it's happening this weekend Niantic Labs has announced a new special event that will mean even more grass-type Pokémon Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Polo Royal Ascot Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 8 Changes By John Heffernan on May 30, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 8 Changes Apple has been trying to convince Android users to switch to using an iPhone for a long time now, and last week the Cupertino firm upped the ante and launched its ‘Switch’ website, which aims to highlight an iPhone’s many virtues. The iPhone 8 display will transition to an elongated 18.5:9 aspect ratio just like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and LG’s G6. There are rumors of a new Siri-powered home speaker, along with updates to the MacBook, iMac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp. Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside. By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 145.51. The projected upper bound is: 158.10. The projected lower bound is: 149.63. The projected closing price is: 153.87. APPLE INC closed down -0.260 at 153.610. Volume was 17% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 10% wider than normal. Open           High         Low          Close         Volume 154.000     154.240    153.310    153.610    21,927,636 Technical Outlook Short Term: Neutral Intermediate Term: Bullish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period          50-period           200-period Close:                       153.56               146.36                 125.09 Volatility:               23                       18                         20 Volume:                  26,062,256      25,666,334        30,260,480 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary APPLE INC is currently 22.8% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is high as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into AAPL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 21 periods. Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 53.0834. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 7 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 61.60. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 7 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is -7. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 8 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 6 period(s) ago.   APPL, Apple, finance, heffx, NASDAQ, Phone, shayne heffernan, stock, trading, US Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 8 Changes added by John Heffernan on May 30, 2017 View all posts by John Heffernan → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts John Heffernan John Heffernan is a Junior Analyst at HEFFX. John is studying Economics and is a contributor on equities at Live Trading News. Latest posts by John Heffernan (see all) Japan News Round Up - May 31, 2017 Hong Kong News Round-Up - May 31, 2017 Australia News Round-Up - May 31, 2017 Related posts: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Will The iPhone 8 Push Apple to $1Trillion? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) HEFFX Target confidently stands at $200 Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) HEFFX Still Strong On $300 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And Nokia Settle Patent Dipute Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Live Trading Room Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     IPhone 8 Requires New Apps Posted: May 30 2017, 1:48am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Apple   Credit: @VenyaGeskin1   Apple reportedly changes the screen ratio in new iPhone 8. The iPhone 8 will require work for app developers, if a report out of China is any indication. In a recent Chinese-language Economic Daily News report, TSMC sources revealed that Apple changes the screen ratio from 16:9 to 18.5:9 in the first OLED iPhone. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con in Stock Online The iPhone 8 screen will be much longer than the one found on the iPhone 7. Apple is removing the physical home button to make room for the bigger screen. The iPhone 8 is rumored to have an optical fingerprint sensor integrated into the screen. The changed screen ratio will require some layout and even user interface design adjustments for apps. The top of the screen will not be reachable anymore for most iPhone 8 users. Apps with UI elements such as back button on top will become a nuisance to use. The required app updates could mean that the iPhone 8 will be unveiled earlier than usual before sales launch to give developers time to update their apps.  Another reason why we could see the iPhone 8 earlier than expected is the rumored AR functionality. The iPhone 8 is supposed to feature 3D front camera with a infra-red sensor system to enable augmented reality apps. Again developer need time to leverage this new capabilities in the iPhone 8. The iPhone 8 design has leaked through CAD files and dummies out of the Asian supply chain. Leaker Benjamin Geskin is a major source of these iPhone 8 leaks showing the iPhone 8's signature vertical dual camera alignment on the rear.  There are no leaks that counter the design of the iPhone 8 as shown in a new render above. The iPhone 8 is expected to be released this fall.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News MacBook Delivery Dates Lengthen Ahead of Rumored Refresh 20 hours ago, 5:47am CDT Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 1 day ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 1 day ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:51am CDT First Ever DNA Data from Egyptian Mummies Reveals Surprising Clues about their Ancestry 49 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 12 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 13 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 15 hours ago, 10:36am CDT E3 2017: What to Expect From Sony PlayStation E3 Show 18 hours ago, 7:35am CDT NASA Announces its First Mission to Touch the Sun: Watch Live 18 hours ago, 7:26am CDT PS Plus June 2017 Leaked Games for PS4 are Life is Strange and Killing Floor 2 18 hours ago, 7:15am CDT This New Tech Can Turn You into a Bronze Statue 18 hours ago, 7:07am CDT Nintendo Switch Success Causes Fight Between Nintendo and Apple 18 hours ago, 6:55am CDT What to Expect From Playstation E3 Experience 2017? 19 hours ago, 6:46am CDT Nintendo Switch Availability To be Constraint Until E3 2017 19 hours ago, 6:28am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News iPhone 8 Requires New Apps Best Science Stories of the Week   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals and Sales Apple MacBook Delivery Dates Lengthen Ahead of Rumored Refresh 20 hours ago, 5:47am CDT Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 1 day ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 1 day ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News First Ever DNA Data from Egyptian Mummies Reveals Surprising Clues about their Ancestry 49 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report for May 30 12 hours ago, 1:41pm CDT Injustice 2 to Feature Wonder Woman Movie Events 13 hours ago, 11:50am CDT Android Creator Andy Rubin Launches Essential Phone for $699 15 hours ago, 10:36am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Go beyond Quicktime by converting your MOV files… Go beyond Quicktime by converting your MOV files to MP4 By Will Nicol — Updated May 26, 2017 12:03 pm Subscribe Share Pixabay Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: If you’re a Mac user who deals with video, you’ve likely come across a MOV file at one point or another. This is the proprietary format Apple uses for Quicktime, the built-in media player that comes with nearly all iterations of MacOS. Much like MPEG-2 files, however, the MOV format never achieved widespread usage, rendering it a pain to use for users who opt for an operating system or device that doesn’t fall under Apple’s umbrella. If you watch or edit your videos on a Mac, you can probably stick with using MOV files, but if you’re looking for a format with greater support, you’ll likely want to convert them MP4. Here’s how to do so, using both desktop and web-based tools. How to convert MOV files using iMovie (MacOS) Step 1: First, launch iMovie, the proprietary video-editing software that came with your Mac. If the program isn’t already housed in your dock, click the Finder icon, select Applications in the left-hand pane, and select the program from the resulting list. Once open, click the File menu in the application toolbar and select New Movie from the drop-down menu. Step 2: When prompted to select a theme, just choose No Theme. Step 3: In iMovie, click the button labeled Import Media… Step 4: Find the MOV file you want to convert, select it, and click Import Selected button in the bottom-right corner. Step 5: Once done, iMovie will open the video as a new Project. Then, click the File menu in the application toolbar and select Share from the drop-down menu. Step 6: Select the File option in the resulting menu and edit your preferences — if you wish — before clicking Next in the bottom-right corner. Step 7: A window will open, asking you to choose a location on your hard drive to save the file. Do this, then click Save. Your movie file will be exported to that location as an MP4 file! How to convert MOV files using CloudConvert (web-based) If you’re using a device other than a Mac — such as a Windows-based PC — you can still easily convert MOV files to MP4 using an online application. As an example, we’ll use CloudConvert, a freemium piece of software designed to handle a wide range of file formats with little to no hassle. It’s been our go-to choice for years, but given you have to upload your video files to a remote server, keep in mind that the company that converts your video may have access to it. We sincerely doubt anything would come of it, but keep in mind if you wish to continue. Step 1: First, navigate to the CloudConvert website and click the Select Files button near the top of the page. Afterward, select the MOV file you wish to convert and click Open in the bottom-right corner of the pop-up window. Step 2: Click the down arrow beside the format type — in this case, MOV. Then, select video from the drop-down menu and click mp4 from the resulting list of options. Step 3: Once you’ve made your selection, click the red Start Conversion button in the bottom-right corner. The process may take a while, depending on the size of the file, but once done, click the green Download button near the top of the page. Then, choose a save location for the resulting video, click Save, and enjoy!
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * iPhone Technical Support * iPhone Tech Support * iPhone Support Number * More Tags... Industry News * Internet * More Industries... News By Place * San Francisco   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 Fix iPhone Tech Glitches Via Efficient iPhone Technical Support Service In the midst of these new and new features being announced from Apple's side, the plight of the users has always been the same     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • iPhone Technical Support • iPhone Tech Support • iPhone Support Number Industry: • Internet Location: • San Francisco - California - US Subject: • ServicesSAN FRANCISCO - May 30, 2017 - PRLog -- Apple has always come up with the most enchanting features for its users from time to time. The company is always working at a greater speed to provide something new to the users. Its introduction of Clips (which is a new app) has enabled the users to make spectacular videos on their IOS devices. With a peculiar design of amalgamating music, photos and video clips into most memorable videos, this app is just the hot favourite among the Apple users. The feature Clips also provides Live Titles which is a splendid feature which enables the users to make animated title and captions with the help of their voice. In the midst of these new and new features being announced from Apple's side, the plight of the users has always been the same. They struggle with a series of technical troubles and look for the greater support for the purpose of fixing their issues. However they are really not capable of warding their technical troubles single-handedly. So they look for a reliable iPhone technical support service to counter these issues as soon as possible. Here are a few technical glitches the users might be affected with while using their iPhones:- • screen freezing issues • Bluetooth and Wi-Fi troubles • iPhone update problems • iPhone cellular network conflicts • Photo albums not syncing on iPhone issues These issues are quite common and crop up abruptly in any iPhone across the world. The new iPhone users or the ones with inadequate technical knowledge might have to yield in some situations as they are not able to fix these issues on their own. However they can easily fix these issues just by employing the tech support staff who have tremendous technical knowledge with them. Once the distressed users contact them for getting top rated support service, they can easily proffer wonderful ways to get rid of these errors. They won't take long in removing these issues as they have years of experience in their relevant field. Once they contact them for their problems, they will be available for them every-time of the single day. You can get solid solutions for any kind of your iPhone problems which have provided you a great stress and sleepless nights. There are so many modes which you can opt for according to your preferences. If you want to get quick support through email session, then you can go for an email session. However a chat session can also be helpful for you as you will be free from all your worries within a few minutes. Another way you can settle your issues is by choosing a phone mode. In this mode, the tech support professionals will provide you the knowledge of all the required accurate steps to counter an issue and you only have to follow them. Hence if you are really frustrated over your tribulations, then all you can do is to get their sound support by calling their iPhone technical support number which can help you remain at peace without these problems. Ref:https://www.facebook.com/iPhone-Technical-Support-Phone-N... End Source : Techhelpnumbers Email : ***@sbsind.in Tags : iPhone Technical Support, iPhone Tech Support, iPhone Support Number Industry : Internet Location : San Francisco - California - United States Subject : Services Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Techhelpnumbers Customer Service PRs What New One May Obtain In iPhone Devices The advance customer service model of Hotmail support team Services Offered By The iPhone For Common Technical Issues iPhone Technical Support: Alluring Updates Of Iphone 7 And Iphone 7 Plus Let's know how Hotmail tech support is beneficial for various technical issues? Trending News Dads Just as Good as Moms?! Here's Why....#DaddyKnowsToo! Dads Just as Good as Moms?! Here's Why....#DaddyKnowsToo! Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse Peachtree Immediate Care Opens its Eighteenth Urgent Care Center CSA Medical Announces Expansion of truFreeze Label to Include Barrett's Esophagus with High Grade Dysplasia Top Daily News New Jersey Teamsters FC Announce Hiring of Joe Santella as New Director of Operations - 341 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Western Conference Expansion with L.A. Roma Spartans FC - 287 views SKA Consulting Engineers Continues Aggressive Growth Plan with Five New Hires Across Regional Offices - 276 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 257 views Hoag Orthopedic Institute Named 'Best Place to Work in Healthcare' by Modern Healthcare - 172 views Top Weekly News BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 984 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 977 views LGBTQ Authors Tour of Color Kicks Off Tour in Memphis on Saturday, June 17 - 637 views Networking Opportunities Garner Spotlight at N! North America Connecting Days 2017 - 485 views Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 376 views Top Daily News New Jersey Teamsters FC Announce Hiring of Joe Santella as New Director of Operations - 341 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Western Conference Expansion with L.A. Roma Spartans FC - 287 views SKA Consulting Engineers Continues Aggressive Growth Plan with Five New Hires Across Regional Offices - 276 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 257 views Hoag Orthopedic Institute Named 'Best Place to Work in Healthcare' by Modern Healthcare - 172 views Top Weekly News BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 984 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 977 views LGBTQ Authors Tour of Color Kicks Off Tour in Memphis on Saturday, June 17 - 637 views Networking Opportunities Garner Spotlight at N! North America Connecting Days 2017 - 485 views Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 376 views PTC News Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 376 views Lennar's Tribeca at Central Park West Launches Pre-Sales - 338 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 263 views Tekken 7 Launch Event, Tournaments Highlight Gaming At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia - 256 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 178 views May 30, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:47 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How To Watch Apple WWDC 2017 Event On Your Smartphone By Rishabh Jain On 05/30/17 AT 3:22 AM Close Apple’s World Wide Developers Conference 2017 (WWDC 2017) will take place in San Jose from June 5-9 at 1 p.m. EDT Monday. The company is expected to make many new announcements at the event including the new version of iOS – iOS11, a new MacOS version, a new WatchOS version and even some hardware offerings such as a Siri-based smart speaker and a premium iPad 2 tablet. Read: Apple Isn't Working On Amazon Echo-Like Speaker? At WWDC, Company Reportedly Making Siri Omnipresent AI Assistant Across Devices Live stream requirements: Unlike what happened in the past, you don’t need an Apple device to watch the event — you can live stream it on Microsoft Edge on any Windows PC. In case you want to live stream the event on an Apple device, you can do it on an iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or a later version or on a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or a later version and iOSX 10.8.5 or a later version.  You can also live stream the event through  Apple TV. How to live stream: You can live stream the event by clicking on this link when it goes live at 1 p.m. EDT Monday. WWDC 2017 is being eagerly anticipated mostly because of iOS 11. The new software update is expected to bring along features such as: Improved 3D Touch:  The operating system update is expected to let users make better use of Apple’s pressure-sensing technology. The functionality is currently used in a limited manner on iPhone 7 but is expected to have a wider application on Apple’s upcoming device the iPhone 8. The device is expected to have pressure sensitivity throughout its body and even have pressure-sensitive buttons instead of physical ones. Kinect-like augmented reality based functionality:  iOS 11 will prepare the ground for Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 device. It is expected to have a 3D-sensing camera which will be used for both augmented reality-based gaming and facial recognition, similar to Microsoft’s Kinect technology, which detects motions and replicates the effects in virtual games. No 32-bit support: iOS 11 is expected to end support for 32-bit applications, which would entail that software support for iPhone 5 and lower version would be cut off.  Improved Maps:  Apple is expected to overhaul Apple Maps to keep competing with Google Maps. It could include improved navigation features such as inside views of buildings and improvements to car navigation. Improved Siri:  This is the biggest and the most awaited feature expected to be revealed at the event. Siri was the first conversational voice-assistant when it was unveiled back in 2011, but since last year, when artificial intelligence (AI) based voice assistants such as Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa were unveiled, it has lagged behind in terms of functionality. Many other companies including Apple’s major rival Samsung have come out with their own AI-based voice assistant and Siri seems to be left behind. Read: Apple Siri 2.0 Might Have Machine Learning, Improved AI, Facial Recognition And More Apple is expected to come out with a new version of Siri to keep in step with the competition. The new version of Siri is expected to have advanced machine-learning and AI-based features. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 Still In the Works? Amazon Prime Video Will Come To Apple TV Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Vili Fualaau Files For Separation From Wife Mary Kay Letourneau Vili Fualaau's has decided to separate from his wife and former teacher, Mary Kay Letourneau, with whom he had a sexual affair when he was 12 years old. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact All About The iPhone 8 – Bezelless OLED Display With Focus on AR [Leaks] Haamiz Ahmed 1 day ago Now that big name smartphone makers like Samsung, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo (the latter two being runaway successes in China) have released their flagships for the year, all eyes are on Apple and its upcoming iPhone 8 launch. Every year Apple launches a new iPhone around September. As the announcement closes in, leaks start popping up everywhere about the phone’s design, specifications, battery etc. This year will also mark the 10 year iPhone anniversary as well. Some believe that this year Apple will release an iPhone “X” to mark the occasion. However, nothing is confirmed so far. We’ve rounded up the major rumors surrounding the iPhone 8 and listed them below. Here’s what we know so far. Design and Display Leaked iPhone 8 design schematic This particular design blueprint showed up on the internet a while ago. If this is the design Apple has opted for it leads to some interesting speculations about the iPhone 8. For one, it might have an edge-to-edge display not unlike the Samsung Galaxy S8 or the LG G6. Is Apple following the industry for once? Following the trends instead of setting new ones? Another interesting change is the vertical alignment of the primary cameras. This may be a sign of Apple stepping into the AR realm. Company CEO Tim Cook has officially stated the AR will be a big focus area for Apple in the future. An iPhone with AR capabilities is the way Apple seems to be going in with this. Based on the schematic, folks on the internet have created CAD renders of the iPhone 8. iPhone 8 Concept Render (based on leaked schematic) As for the display the iPhone 8 is rumored to have a 5.8 inch OLED screen. Another rumor points towards a Touch ID home button integrated directly into the screen. This is like a mix of Samsung Galaxy S8’s on-screen home button and Xiaomi’s under-glass fingerprint sensor. It might also have a tap to wake feature like Android phones have according to Forbes. The rumor also says that the bottom of the display will feature an always-on functionality with varying options that change with the app you’re currently using. This would effectively reduce the actual screen size to 5.2 inches. It could look like this: Internals and Storage The current iPhone 7 is powered by an A10 fusion chip. If Apple follows their naming convention, then the iPhone 8 will use an A11 fusion chip this year. A leak by BGR points towards the iPhone 8 using 3 GB RAM, slightly higher than the iPhone 7’s 2 GB. As for the memory the base model is rumored to have 64 GB of internal storage going all the way up to 256 GB for the top-end model. The headphone jack is not coming back as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus recorded big sale numbers. Apple might stick with its decision and could include the wireless Airpods with the phone instead. Camera and Battery As seen earlier in the leaked schematics, the iPhone 8 might have a dual camera setup like the iPhone 7 Plus, in vertical orientation. The front camera is rumored to be able to take “3D selfies” and will be able to use facial recognition technology with the aid of an IR sensor on the front. Not much is known about the rear cameras aside from the fact that they’re vertically aligned and will use a similar telephoto+regular sensor like the last year’s iPhone 7 Plus. Apple could update the battery capacity to cover for the larger display. The exact capacity is still unknown. It can however hop on the fast charging bandwagon this year with a Tristar 3 Hydra chip. Wireless charging is also rumored with inductive charging capabilities instead of over-the-air charging. Pricing and Availability Apple seems to be on schedule for an iPhone 8 release some time later this year (presumably September). It could be called the iPhone X or the iPhone 8, both are unconfirmed at this point. This time around the Cupertino-based smartphone maker could go all out with the price and charge a hefty $1,000 for the phone. Better features usually equate to higher pricing but we’ve seen companies like Xiaomi and Oneplus prove that wrong time and time again. But then again, that’s Apple for you. For now we can only wait and see what Apple has waiting for us all this year. Primary Sidebar Viral Stories Use These Free 7 Tools to Make the Perfect CV or Resume Jazz to Soon Enable VoLTE Across its Network Here Are 13 Free Sources for Finding Stock Videos & Footage Orient launches Smart Inverter AC in Pakistan 5 Simple Ways You Can Make Your Own Fidget Spinner Islamabad Gets Its First Official App and It's a Mess Rupeeco.pk: Pakistan’s First Cashback Website Latest Today Use These Free 7 Tools to Make the Perfect CV or Resume PTI Worker Arrested Over Anti-Army Posts on Social Media Intel Brings The Fight to AMD With New X-Series Processors Business Friendly 'Companies Act 2017' is Now Law Startups, Today is the Last Day to Apply for Katapult Accelerator You Can Open an Account in 3 Minutes With Bank Alfalah's Self Service Kiosks Honda Profits Grow by 72% to Over Rs. 6 Billion in Q1 2017 Home Contact Us Privacy Policy Mobile Packages Mobile Prices © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home entertainment search entertainment search entertainment web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Home Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood Quizzes Video Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel More Entertainment Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood AdChoices Taylor Swift ‘happily’ partners with Apple Cover Media 25/06/2015 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Celebs who never made it to the altar Holly Willoughby gets 'thrashed' at chess by son Harry © REX Features Taylor Swift is “happily” allowing Apple Music to stream her album '1989'. Taylor Swift is “happily” allowing Apple Music to stream her album 1989. The 25-year-old singer penned an open letter on her Tumblr account to the music giant last week in which she slammed its decision not to pay musicians for songs streamed during the free three-month trial period the service offers to customers. After reading her note Apple Music changed their policy and in light of the company deciding to pay artists during the trial period, Taylor has allowed her LP 1989 to stream with them. “After the events of this week, I've decided to put 1989 on Apple Music...and happily so,” she wrote on Twitter Thursday. “In case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen Apple do with other artists, it's not. “This is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. Thank you, Apple, for your change of heart.” In her Tumblr letter, Taylor explained she was fighting more for up-and-coming artists than herself. Within 24 hours of the blog entry going viral, Apple’s senior vice president of internet services and software Eddy Cue announced a change in policy. "When I woke up and read Taylor's note, it solidified quickly that we needed a change," Eddy told Rolling Stone. "Music is a big part of our DNA and we always strive to make sure artists are paid for their work." Taylor was thrilled by the confirmation and immediately took to her own page on the social media site to express her joy. "I am elated and relieved. Thank you for your words of support today. They listened to us," she wrote last weekend. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Entertainment Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide MSN Entertainment Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News The New Hardline in the Valley Part 3: Who’s shattering the calm in central Kashmir To counter OBOR, India and Japan propose Asia-Africa sea corridor Centre’s notification on cattle sale: DMK, Mamata up ante, Karnataka joins protest Babri Masjid demolition case: What L K Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and Kalyan Singh are charged with Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple iPhone 8’s display ratio to change, camera to support AR apps: Report Apple iPhone 8’s display ratio to change, camera to support AR apps: Report Apple's iPhone 8 will see a change in the shape, and support for augmented reality (AR) applications, according to the latest report coming out of China based supply sources. Apple will also change the shape of the iPhone 8's display, claim the reports By: Tech Desk | Published:May 30, 2017 11:10 am Apple will also change the shape of the iPhone 8’s display, claim the reports. (Representational image of iPhone 7 Plus. Source: AP) Apple’s iPhone 8 will see a change in the shape, and support for augmented reality (AR) applications, according to reports based out of supply chain sources from the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TMSC). The DigiTimes is reporting this based on China’s Economic Daily News, which has quoted sources from TMSC which is one of Apple’s supply chain companies. According to the report in Economic Daily News, Apple is changing the display aspect ratio to 18.5:9 from the earlier 16:9 as it adds a display with slimmer bezels on the sides, top and bottom. Also the report claims the fingerprint scanner will be an optical one, which is embedded within the display, and the home button will be removed from the iPhone. This is in contrast to earlier reports which have claimed Apple still trying to figure out how embed the TouchID inside the display. Finally, the report also adds that Apple iPhone 8 will add “invisible infrared image sensors” and the camera will be able to support Augmented Reality (AR) applications. Now in the past we’ve heard Apple CEO Tim Cook talk about how Augmented Reality is the next thing and the future, and that Cupertino really believes in this technology. Reports have also indicated that Apple has its own secret unit working on Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality. A report on Bloomberg had said Apple is working on on AR glasses, which could connect wirelessly to the iPhone and beam content to the user. Although we’ll have to wait and see if AR makes an appearance on the iPhone 8. Apple typically takes time to launch a new technology on its iPhones, spending years in research and development. Also read: Apple iPhone 8 could start at $870 predicts, UBS analyst in note The display ratio change shouldn’t come as a surprise. There have been several reports indicating Apple iPhone 8 will have a special 5.8-inch OLED display with reduced bezels on the side. This also means Apple can fit a bigger display in a smaller body size, and the iPhone 8 might actually be smaller in overall size compared to the iPhone 7s. Reports also indicate Apple is working on its own Neural engine for AI computing on smartphones, as well as its own GPU, but these won’t likely be part of iPhone 8. Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 8 along with the iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus in September. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple iPhone 8 No Comments. Most Read JAC result 2017: Jharkhand board Class 10th matric results 2017 declared at jac.nic.in, pass percentage dips Restore the shine of your gold jewellery with these simple tips WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage Assam Board SEBA declares HSLC, AHM Class 10th results at resultsassam.nic.in, results.sebaonline.org and assamonline.in Best of Express Kabul blast: 49 killed, at least 300 injured after huge explosion in diplomatic area of Afghanistan Adityanath visits Ayodhya, offers prayers at makeshift Ram temple PM Narendra Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour OpinionProposed total ban on cattle slaughter goes against SC decisions on matter since 1959 OpinionSuggestion to tax agricultural income shows gap between policy makers, farmers Buzzing Now EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra shamed for showing legs in front of Narendra Modi. Priyanka answers by showing some more leg, see photo EntertainmentDeepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra make it to Maxim 2017 Hot 100 list, see photos EntertainmentParvathamma Rajkumar dead, wife of late actor Rajkumar was 77 TrendingDhinchak Pooja may be a 'sensational' singer, but she is also a 'philosopher' on Twitter TrendingDonald Trump's confusing 'Covfefe' tweet results in hilarious memes on Twitter Top News Kabul blast: A timeline of major attacks in the Afghan capital Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Feedback on cattle trade rules: Drop buffalo, cut red tape, scrap order IIT Madras beef fest: Students demand administration to expel those who attacked PhD scholar SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pandya fills in the blank SportsEngland has a subcontinent feel to it LifestyleThe Master Cut Lifestyle#QueerPeCharcha: IITs, IIMs, etc come together to answer most commonly asked questions about LGBTQ TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com today: All you need to know before buying TechnologyAndroid creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know May 31: Latest News Five of family killed in car accident in Udaipur Now, link Aadhaar and PAN via SMS Five things to watch out for at the French Open on Wednesday Maharashtra HSC results: Aanchal Raut writes with her feet, scores 63 per cent Golden State Warriors do not need to be perfect to beat Cleveland Cavaliers say pundits                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, May 31, 2017 As of 5:01 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Massive display, dual rear cameras, display-embedded fingerprint scanner, reveals new leak By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on May 30 2017 3:13 PM 0 0 0 0 A sales assistant uses her mobile phone next to the company logos of Apple and Samsung at a store in Hefei, Anhui province September 10, 2014. Reuters/Jianan Yu If latest reports are to be believed, the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 could be the largest flagship handset from the South Korean tech giant, with only 2013’s Galaxy Mega matching its size. A new leak has reportedly uncovered the first video of the smartphone’s front panel. The display shown is a massive 6.3 inches. It is 0.6 inch larger than the Note 7. However, the panel shown in the leaked video looks quite similar to Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. The leak shows an 18.5:9 aspect ratio, something the LG G6 has already adopted. Apple may replicate the same for its iPhone 8. As already stated in a previous article, the Note 8 will address two shortcomings in the S8 and S8 Plus smartphones. First, the fingerprint scanner won’t be beside the rear camera but will be embedded into the display. Also, the Note 8 will come with dual-cameras as various reports have mentioned. The dual-camera feature was dropped at the last moment from the S8 and S8 Plus handsets. It must, however, be mentioned that leaks must be taken with a pinch of salt. Samsung is definitely setting a design standard both Apple iPhone 8 and Google Pixel 2 smartphones will be happy to match, writes Forbes. The latest video leak was reported by SamMobile. Last week, a YouTuber shared a video showing a 3D-printed model of the upcoming smartphone. It allegedly showed the front glass panel. The phone will reportedly have the bezel-free Infinity Display. It may also have a 6.3-inch QHD Display and 12MP+13MP dual-camera setup on the rear. The fingerprint scanner, as already mentioned, could be integrated into the display. It was previously mentioned that the phone could have a body display ratio more than 83 percent of both Galaxy S8 smartphones. It is also rumoured that the US version will have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, and outside the US, it will have the Exynos 8895 chipset. Meanwhile, fans are eagerly waiting for a fix to the frustrating Galaxy S8 Bluetooth problem. The solution is reportedly on the way. As per numerous complaints on various forums, users are having a tough time maintaining a smooth Bluetooth connection to their headphones, head units and speakers. An update that fixes this problem has reportedly been rolled out in United Arab Emirates and may soon hit other countries. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Samsung Galaxy Note 8 and other handsets. Note8? pic.twitter.com/aZPsIevLbF &mdash; 萌萌的 电 教 (@mmddj_china) May 25, 2017   Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy S8 Iris Scanner vulnerability revealed Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 (J7 2017) specs, price and release details Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Aussies paying $31 billion in superannuation per year 0 Shares 2 'Designated Survivor' season 2 cast update: Kiefer Sutherland snapped in totally un-Kirkman-like behaviour at a bar; pursues music career during season break 0 Shares 3 'General Hospital' spoilers for May 24: Sonny confides in Dante; Valentin rebuffs Anna; Charlotte gets in harm’s way 0 Shares 4 Great Barrier Reef coral bleaching still threatening 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New picture of Sam Heughan on ship 0 Shares 7 'Poldark' season 3: Leaked picture shows Demelza on a beach 0 Shares 8 Florianna Lima will make as-needed appearances next season on 'Supergirl' 0 Shares 9 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Sigurd’s death questioned; Ragnar’s son could still be alive 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over Aussie CeBIT starts; highlights cyber security, big data, FinTech, digital health and more Aussies can save $3,184 per year by borrowing money online: Mozo Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Tiger Woods refused breathalyser test before DUI arrest 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic advance to second round Golden State Warriors set to extend Jerry West's contract Australian players could boycott 2017 Rugby League World Cup Tony Parker not ready to retire, looks forward to 2017-18 season 2017 NBA Finals: Steve Kerr not ready to coach Warriors More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Pippa Middleton weds: All the pictures from the ‘wedding of the year’ Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Lucifer’ season 2 episode 18 preview: Missing family members ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 trailer breakdown ‘Outlander’ season 3: Reunion will result in ‘intense’ love scene 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 6 'Customer Service' spoilers 'Arrow' star John Barrowman confirms that he won't be back as Malcolm Merlyn ‘Poldark’ season 3: First scene details More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone New iPhone 8 Schematics Leak Confirms In-display Touch ID and Vertical Dual Camera By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 30, 2017 12:20 PM Last week, an alleged iPhone 8 schematic found its way on the Internet. This leaked image shows what appears to be the back casing of the said phone. In the image, it can be seen that there is an extra hole directly below the Apple logo. Many believed that this hole will be used for the Touch ID sensor of the iPhone 8. The leak, at some point, squashed earlier rumours of in-display fingerprint sensor for Apple’s tenth anniversary iPhone. However, new information just came out contradicting the leaks from the previous week. Leak aggregator Slashleaks clearly shows the alleged drawings and 3D renderings of the iPhone 8. In the said drawings, one can see that there not an extra hole that may hold the Touch ID sensor at the back. Most of the comments thus far claim that the circular hole at the back will hold the Apple logo instead of the said sensor. Another thing worth mentioning about the images is the vertical arrangement of the camera sensors at the back. It seems like the extra hole between the camera sensors will hold the LED flash of the iPhone 8. Alleged iPhone 8 schematic drawing (via slashleaks.com) Finally, the images also show the outline of the front sensors at the top of the phone. These drawings further corroborate earlier reports of dual front cameras and some extra hole that might be used for depth sensing. It is quite difficult to verify the veracity of the said leaks. However, most people who have seen the images seem to think that they are quite legitimate. Nevertheless, these images should be taken with a grain of salt. The iPhone 8 is expected to be released later this year. Although there are numerous reports saying Apple is currently having issues with component assembly. On the other hand, a handful of market watchers and analysts still believe that Apple will be able to pull through with the iPhone 8 production. They are still quite optimistic that consumers will get a glimpse of the phone before the year ends. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Xbox Gold, PS Plus Free Games For June 2017 Announcement Gets Hot: All The Games We Might See New iPhone 8 Schematics Leak Confirms In-display Touch ID and Vertical Dual Camera May 30th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 schematics, News, touch id sensor Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you LG G7 Could be the First Android Phone to Have Snapdragon 845 SoC Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine Product TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad Overwatch Super Rude Bear Resurrection NVidia GTX 1070 About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Need For Speed 2017 Possibly Las Vegas-Bound Mafia 3 Stones Unturned Review: Fan Impressions From The Three-Hour Expansion The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Need For Speed 2017 Possibly Las Vegas-Bound Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like; how different is it from iPhone 7? A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked online, giving away the possible design of the flagship device. Raymond Ronamai   May 30, 2017 08:26 IST Apple iPhone 8 schematics seen on Benjamin Geskin's Twitter pageBenjamin Geskin A lot has been said about Apple's upcoming flagship iPhone 8 although it's still a few months away from launch. After a few details, including specifications and release date, surfaced, it has now emerged that the device will come with a significant makeover in terms of design. A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked by Benjamin Geskin on his Twitter page, and it is in sync with the chassis design released last month. In the pictures, Apple's upcoming flagship is seen with a vertical dual-camera, sans the physical home button, and bazel-less except the top edge, and with an elongated power button and orange line at the back. It is very different from its predecessor iPhone 7 as far as the design is concerned. Also read: Nokia 9 to give iPhone 8 a run for its money: What we know so far Nothing is confirmed at the moment but if the leaked schematics and the case of the device turn out to be true, it will look very different from its predecessors. Apple's iPhone 7 as seen on its official websiteApple The Cupertino giant is expected to release the iPhone 8 in September as the iPhone 7 will complete a year-long cycle by this time. It was earlier reported that the release of the device could be postponed to October and even November because of the company's plan to introduce new features. The iPhone 8 is expected to come in three variants — a 4.7-inch, a 5.5-inch and a 5.8-inch version. All the variants are expected to be powered by an A11 chipset, run on iOS 11 operating system and don an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen for the first time. The device is also reportedly coming with several new features like virtual home button, 3D depth-sensing front camera, wireless charger, and new fingerprint ID solution. The device is expected to come with a price tag of around $1,000.  Related Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News North Korean hackers behind Bangladesh bank heist: Russian expert 50 minutes ago By IANS Moto E4 Plus live images leak ahead of expected June launch 1 hour ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. Global release of Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 confirmed before the end of June Putting all rumours to rest, Nokia Mobile tweeted on Sunday saying that Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 will be released globally before the end of this quarter. New Motorola Moto phone confirmed to debut on June 1; will it be Moto E4 or Z2 Play series? Lenovo's Motorola is expected to unveil either the mid-range Moto Z2 Play or the entry-level Moto E4 series phone on June 1 2017. Setting the stage for iPhone 8? Apple releases 'Switch To iPhone' ads flaunting security and smoothness Releasing the 'Switch To iPhone' ads is a timely move by Apple as the hype for iPhone 8 is gaining momentum. How will China's Cybersecurity Law affect businesses? China will enforce its Cybersecurity Law early next month and it could cause ripples in several countries, including the US. Essential by Andy Rubin officially launches: Price, specifications and everything else you need to know The Essential Phone, by Android co-creator Andy Rubin, is finally here, and it costs $699. This is the world's thinnest laptop: Asus beats MacBook Air, HP Spectre x360 and others Asus kicked off its Computex Taipei by impressing everyone with its all-new ZenBook Flip S, which is the world's thinnest laptop at 10.9mm. Nokia 9 vs OnePlus 5: Which upcoming flagship has the potential? Two of the most anticipated flagship smartphones take on each other with their mind-blowing specs. Photo Gallery Fans pay last respect to Parvathamma Rajkumar Fans pay their last respect to Veteran Kannada film producer and distributor Parvathamma Rajkumar passed away early on Wednesday at a private hospital. Mohanraja celebrates his birthday on Velaikkaran sets with Sivakarthikeyan South Indian director Jayam Mohanraja celebrates his birthday on Velaikkaran sets with actor Sivakarthikeyan in Chennai on May 31, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News The New Hardline in the Valley Part 3: Who’s shattering the calm in central Kashmir To counter OBOR, India and Japan propose Asia-Africa sea corridor Centre’s notification on cattle sale: DMK, Mamata up ante, Karnataka joins protest Babri Masjid demolition case: What L K Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and Kalyan Singh are charged with Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Home Technology Apple WWDC 2017: When, where and how to watch the livestream Apple WWDC 2017: When, where and how to watch the livestream Apple WWDC 2017: The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin on Monday, June 5 and ends on Friday, June 9. There will be updates on iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. There might even be some new devices. By: Tech Desk | Updated: May 31, 2017 7:41 am Apple WWDC 2017 starts in San Jose on June 5 Apple’s annual developer conference WWDC is moving to San Jose this time. Set to start with a keynote by Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook at 10 am Pacific Time on Monday, June 5, the World Wide Developer Conference will witness a slew of announcements, mostly around the software side of the tech giant’s business. There will be updates on iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. There is some speculation that Apple might go ahead and make some hardware announcements too, but then we can never be sure when Apple and rumour are written in the same line. When is WWDC 2017? The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin on Monday, June 5 and ends on Friday, June 9. The WWDC keynote is at 10 am Pacific Time, which will be around 10.30 pm IST in India on June 5. Where is WWDC 2017? This time WWDC is moving back to San Jose. For many years it was held at the Moscone Centre in San Francisco. This time it will be at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. How to watch the WWDC live stream? You can watch the Apple live stream on an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later. These devices will use Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. You can also us a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. Also, Apple TVs (2nd or 3rd generation) with software 6.2 or later or an Apple TV (4th generation) will also be able to stream the event. In case you don’t have access to the above, there is always the possibility that someone will stream the event on YouTube. For more updates stay tuned to our site.   For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read JAC result 2017: Jharkhand board Class 10th matric results 2017 declared at jac.nic.in, pass percentage dips Restore the shine of your gold jewellery with these simple tips WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage Assam Board SEBA declares HSLC, AHM Class 10th results at resultsassam.nic.in, results.sebaonline.org and assamonline.in Best of Express Kabul blast: 49 killed, at least 300 injured after huge explosion in diplomatic area of Afghanistan Adityanath visits Ayodhya, offers prayers at makeshift Ram temple PM Narendra Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour OpinionProposed total ban on cattle slaughter goes against SC decisions on matter since 1959 OpinionSuggestion to tax agricultural income shows gap between policy makers, farmers Buzzing Now EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra shamed for showing legs in front of Narendra Modi. Priyanka answers by showing some more leg, see photo EntertainmentDeepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra make it to Maxim 2017 Hot 100 list, see photos EntertainmentParvathamma Rajkumar dead, wife of late actor Rajkumar was 77 TrendingDhinchak Pooja may be a 'sensational' singer, but she is also a 'philosopher' on Twitter TrendingDonald Trump's confusing 'Covfefe' tweet results in hilarious memes on Twitter Top News Kabul blast: A timeline of major attacks in the Afghan capital Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Feedback on cattle trade rules: Drop buffalo, cut red tape, scrap order IIT Madras beef fest: Students demand administration to expel those who attacked PhD scholar SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pandya fills in the blank SportsEngland has a subcontinent feel to it LifestyleThe Master Cut Lifestyle#QueerPeCharcha: IITs, IIMs, etc come together to answer most commonly asked questions about LGBTQ TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com today: All you need to know before buying TechnologyAndroid creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know May 31: Latest News Five of family killed in car accident in Udaipur Now, link Aadhaar and PAN via SMS Five things to watch out for at the French Open on Wednesday Maharashtra HSC results: Aanchal Raut writes with her feet, scores 63 per cent Golden State Warriors do not need to be perfect to beat Cleveland Cavaliers say pundits                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
