
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to live stream today’s Apple “hello again” event By Anthony Bouchard, Oct 27, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments Apple will be streaming its “Hello Again” keynote event from its home campus in Cupertino, California today. If you want to tune into the event to see everything Apple brings to the table, then this post will have all the information you’ll need to learn how to stream the event live. Streaming requirements Just like every other time Apple live streams one its keynotes online, you have to meet certain requirements to watch live. Those are: Any iOS 7.0 or later iPhone, iPod touch, or iPad and viewed with the Safari web browser Any Mac running OS X 10.8.5 or later and viewed with the Safari 6.0.5 or later web browser Any PC running Windows 10 and viewed with the Microsoft Edge web browser Any Apple TV running software 6.2 or later, or the Apple TV 4 with any version of tvOS How to stream from iOS or macOS Apple always makes it the easiest for its loyal customers for tune in. If you’re using an iOS device or a Mac to live stream this event, all you need to do is visit the Apple Events web page in your Safari web browser. It will begin at 10:00 A.M. PDT on Thursday, so you’ll want to load the website around this time to play the live stream. The video should load automatically; if not, you can refresh the page. If you’re there a little early, no biggie, it will load when the time comes. If you are a little late, well sorry pal, you might have missed some of it. How to stream from your Apple TV If you have an Apple TV, you can stream from the comfort of your own living room couch, but the process is different depending on the model you have. If you’re using an Apple TV 3rd generation or older, the event icon will appear on your Home screen automatically and you can select it with your remote to play it at 10:00 A.M. PDT on Thursday. If you’re using the newer 4th generation Apple TV, you will need to download the free Apple Events app from the App Store, if you don’t already have it, and use it to stream the event. The video stream will start automatically by 10:00 A.M. PDT. How to stream from a Windows PC If you’re using a Windows PC, you can also tune in to watch the live stream. The process is different depending on the version of Windows you have installed. Windows 10 users can simply launch the Edge web browser and visit the Apple Events web page. After doing so, the live stream will begin automatically at 10:00 A.M. PDT on Thursday. Those running Windows 8.1 and earlier can use the VLC media player app. After installing it, if you don’t already have it, you can follow these steps: 1) Launch VLC Media Player and open the app’s menu. 2) Go into the streaming preferences and use the following streaming URL: High Resolution http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436/16oibfvohbfvoihbdfvoihbefv10/master/4500/4500.m3u8 Low Resolution http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436/16oibfvohbfvoihbdfvoihbefv10/master/1800/1800.m3u8 3) Click the Play button at 10:00 A.M. PDT to watch the stream via the VLC app. How to stream from an Android device Even if you are using an Android device, whether it’s a smartphone or a tablet, you can stream the Apple event live. To do so, you should use the VLC app, similarly to the Windows steps above. 1) Launch the app from your Home screen and tap on the Menu button, then tap Stream. 2) After you’re asked for a streaming source, enter the following URL: High Resolution http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436/16oibfvohbfvoihbdfvoihbefv10/master/4500/4500.m3u8 Low Resolution http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436/16oibfvohbfvoihbdfvoihbefv10/master/1800/1800.m3u8 3) Tap on the Play button after 10:00 A.M. PDT and the live stream will be playing via the VLC app. Different time zone? We understand not all of you are based out of the United States, so to make things easier for you, we’ve listed a number of various time zones below that might overlap with your location: Beijing, China: Friday 1:00 A.M. CST Berlin, Germany: Thursday 7:00 P.M. CEST Hong Kong, China: Friday 1:00 A.M. CST London, United Kingdom: Thursday 6:00 P.M. BST Los Angeles, United States: Thursday 10:00 A.M. PDT Mexico City, Mexico: Thursday 12:00 P.M. CDT Moscow, Russia: Thursday 8:00 P.M. MSK New York, United States: Thursday 1:00 P.M. EST Paris, France: Thursday 7:00 P.M. CEST Recife, Brazil: Thursday 2:00 P.M. BRT Rome, Italy: Thursday 7:00 P.M. CEST Salt Lake City, United States: Thursday 11:00 A.M. MDT Sao Paulo, Brazil: Thursday 3:00 P.M. BRST Sydney, Australia: Friday 4:00 A.M. AEDT Tokyo, Japan: Friday 2:00 A.M. JST What to expect Tons of emphasis has been put on an upgraded lineup of MacBook Pro computers with an OLED touch bar and Touch ID integration, as well as refreshed MacBook Airs, and updated iMacs. Not much is currently known about the specs of these machines just yet, but Apple is expected to continue using Intel chipsets in their systems for this generation rather than moving to the ARM platform. New higher-resolution displays are also possible and USB-C is expected to play a big part in Apple’s newer notebooks. Whatever Apple decides to do at this event is still up in the air and we won’t know for sure until it’s over, but you can stay tuned to iDB for the latest! Nevertheless, are you excited to watch and see what’s new? Share below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to save Mac screenshots directly to the clipboard How to stop the new MacBook Pro from automatically turning on when the lid is open How to bring back the classic boot chime on the new MacBook Pro How to export Safari bookmarks from your iPhone or iPad to a Mac or PC Related Topics Apple, Event, Guide, How to, Keynote, Mac, MacBook, News, Safari, Tim Cook, Tips, Tricks, Tutorial Mr_Coldharbour Thanks for adding the time zones, really helpful. I’m looking forward to seeing this Mac event, I’ve really missed those. Dave Kurt In this week’s Let’s Talk iOS, you mentioned “Live coverage,” like, live video coverage? Similarly to TWiT live. If so, where can that be watched? Ángel Javier Esquivel off-topic but I swear I read Live Courage, like taking the headphone jack. Ninja Ass Nothing to expect from apple .. philip Mills arrrrr Y2J: Keeper of the List I’m hoping for a gold refreshed Air Kevin Paterson In Sydney it will be at 4am, since we’re in daylight savings. Although it’s 90 mins to go so this won’t help anyone. But next time, choose a different time zone resource site 😉 AEST /= AEDT Anthony Bouchard Thank you, fixed. Gabriel Lodi Com’on iDB, show Brazil some love! Sao Paulo, Brazil: Thursday 3:00 P.M. BRST Recife, Brazil: Thursday 2:00 P.M. BRT Anthony Bouchard Happy to add, thank you! Gabriel Lodi =D   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
By using this site you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. This website uses cookies. Learn more. Type to Search TV TV News Features The Walking Dead Game of Thrones Doctor Who The Grand Tour The Apprentice Humans REALITY TV REALITY TV News Features The X Factor Strictly Come Dancing Great British Bake Off Made in Chelsea The Voice Celebrity Big Brother US TV US TV News Features The Big Bang Theory Prison Break The Simpsons American Horror Story Netflix Cult MOVIES MOVIES News Trailers Reviews Features Star Wars Doctor Strange Justice League Comics SOAPS SOAPS Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours Home and Away Casualty Holby City MUSIC MUSIC News Festivals The Playlist Features Album Reviews Live Reviews SHOWBIZ SHOWBIZ News Features Confessions Must-See Video TOWIE Loose Women This Morning Fun GAMING GAMING News Reviews Features PlayStation Virtual Reality Pokemon Xbox One Retro TECH TECH News Features Reviews Deals Social Media Phones Apple Android LGBT SPY FORUMS Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ instagram youtube Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter DigitalSpy Follow Us On Pinterest Digital Spy Sign Up For Our Newsletter Sign Up 79CE8C7E-5C9C-4DEF-BB15-2756F33F3459 Created with sketchtool. TV REALITY TV US TV MOVIES SOAPS MUSIC SHOWBIZ GAMING TECH FORUMS Follow News Features The Walking Dead Game of Thrones Doctor Who The Grand Tour The Apprentice Humans TV guide: what you have to watch this week New on Netflix this week: TV shows you can watch NOW Soap Movers: Who's quitting and returning? M&S ad goes 50 Shades of Red with Mrs Claus for Xmas News Features The X Factor Strictly Come Dancing Great British Bake Off Made in Chelsea The Voice Celebrity Big Brother The X Factor's 16 best-ever singles, ranked I'm a Celebrity 2016: who's rumoured for the jungle? Your first I'm a Celebrity trailer is finally here GIF The Apprentice: 8 of Karthik's best words of wisdom News Features The Big Bang Theory Prison Break The Simpsons American Horror Story Netflix Cult The Walking Dead episode 4 review: Rick's all-time low What would the new Superman TV show actually be like? GIF 7 totally unacceptable TV moments from the '90s 10 TV shows that never got a proper ending News Trailers Reviews Features Star Wars Doctor Strange Justice League Comics Cookie Monster reveals all in our Confessions booth New on Netflix this week: movies you can watch NOW 16 terrible sequels you didn't even know existed GIF What the hell happened to great movie villains? Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours Home and Away Casualty Holby City EastEnders films death fall horror in shock pictures Not again! Emmerdale's Rebecca kisses Robert Corrie's exciting pics: The Barlow boys are back! Finally! Corrie's Phelan is caught out next week News Features The Playlist Festivals Album Reviews Live Reviews Little Mix's new album exclusive track-by-track review Olly Murs new album 24 Hrs track-by-track review Listen to Zara Larsson's huge new anthem 'I Would Like' Legendary singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen dies, aged 82 News Features Confessions Must-See Video TOWIE Loose Women This Morning Fun Cookie Monster reveals all in our Confessions booth 14 animals who look freakily like famous people GIF The X Factor 2016: Everything you need to know I'm a Celebrity 2016: who's rumoured for the jungle? News Reviews Features PlayStation Virtual Reality Pokemon Xbox One Retro Everything we know about Red Dead Redemption 2 iPhone Game of the Week – Asphalt Xtreme GIF 14 games you HAVE to play this October 25 GTA celebrity guest stars that stole the game News Features Reviews Deals Phones Social Media Apple Android GIF Tell us what YOU think of Digital Spy's tech section 14 Secret Facebook features you didn't know existed 9 best tablet and smartphone apps this week How to get a higher Snapchat score – 5 easy tips Breaking News! 17 WhatsApp hacks to turn you into a messaging... Cel Spellman: 'Big mistake nearly tanked my... Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs Galaxy S7: Which is best? 14 iOS tips & tricks to turn you into an iPhone... iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What's the... Apple Watch Nike+ review: the ultimate smartwatch has landed Apple just set a PB with its fitness-themed Apple Watch. Don't Miss 11 best Apple Watch straps to pimp your wearable 11 best Apple Watch straps to pimp your wearable Share October 27 2016 11:48 AM Apple Watch 2 review: The ONLY smartwatch to consider Apple Watch 2 review: The ONLY smartwatch to consider Share September 22 2016 5:31 PM 9 watchOS 3 features to revolutionise your Apple Watch 9 watchOS 3 features to revolutionise your Apple Watch Share 10 hours ago 10:10 AM 16 Apple Watch tips to turn you into a smartwatch ninja 16 Apple Watch tips to turn you into a smartwatch ninja Share November 08 2016 12:12 PM 7 ways the Apple Watch Nike+ is the ULTIMATE smartwatch 7 ways the Apple Watch Nike+ is the ULTIMATE smartwatch Share October 28 2016 5:44 PM Latest News Forget the iPhone, the next iPad could be all-screen Forget the iPhone, the next iPad could be all-screen Share 3 hours ago 5:07 PM GIF Can you solve this riddle doing the rounds on Facebook? Can you solve this riddle doing the rounds on Facebook? Share 4 hours ago 4:18 PM Amazon just made it a whole lot easier to ditch Spotify Amazon just made it a whole lot easier to ditch Spotify Share 4 hours ago 4:13 PM What will happen to iPhones if Trump targets China? What will happen to iPhones if Trump targets China? Share 5 hours ago 2:59 PM So, it turns out a hedgehog can unlock your iPhone So, it turns out a hedgehog can unlock your iPhone Share 7 hours ago 12:41 PM Must Read GIF Can you solve this riddle doing the rounds on Facebook? Can you solve this riddle doing the rounds on Facebook? Share 4 hours ago 4:18 PM Updated Amazon is starting its Black Friday sales early Updated Amazon is starting its Black Friday sales early Share 9 hours ago 10:45 AM GIF Today's best Amazon Black Friday deals include a 4K TV Today's best Amazon Black Friday deals include a 4K TV Share 9 hours ago 11:18 AM Watch the new Google Pixel get hacked in 60 seconds Watch the new Google Pixel get hacked in 60 seconds Share 10 hours ago 10:07 AM GIF Your porn habits could be revealed to the world, eep Your porn habits could be revealed to the world, eep Share 9 hours ago 11:18 AM ©  Digital Spy By Luke Johnson 1 November 2016 6:08 PM Shares Like the look of the Apple Watch 2 but worried its high-end smarts won't stand up to your vigorous fitness regimes? Well fret no more. Not only were your worries misplaced to start with, the Apple Watch Nike+ is here to add even more running smarts to the techy timepiece's solid foundations. Just because it's a run-friendly fitness specialist doesn't mean this is some rough, tough uggo of a smartwatch. Oh no. Instead, the Apple Watch Nike+, which will set you back £369 or £399 depending on size, takes everything that's brilliant about Apple's latest wearable and gives it an exercise-tracking polish. The changes are largely cosmetic, sure, but for fitness fans there's enough to transform the Apple Watch from a generic smartwatch into one that's good enough for daily use and serious training runs alike. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Is this enough to give it the edge over both generic smartwatches and dedicated run trackers though? We put it to the test to find out. The Good: Stunning design Brilliant battery life Perfect balance of fitness and general use The Bad: We'd like the Nike makeover to run deeper Strap already showing a bit of wear When can we get a round one? Apple Watch Nike+ Design: Classic Apple gets some fitness finesse ©  Digital Spy Related: Best Apple Watch straps Seen an Apple Watch before? Then the Nike+ model is going to look pretty familiar, on the surface at least. That's because, bar from a tiny Nike swoosh logo on the underside, it's identical to Apple's standard wearable effort. It even boasts the same swim-friendly waterproof skills that let you submerse it up to 50 metres without worry. Available in both black and silver aluminium forms, there's two physical buttons on the side, including the innovative Digital Crown, an optical heart rate sensor on the back, and the same square form as past models. OK, so square isn't anyone's first choice of watch shape, and we'd still love to see a round model, but there's no escaping how good this thing looks. ©  Digital Spy Yes, at 11.4mm thick, it's a little plumper than a traditional timepiece but skinnier than most smartwatches. It's also a damn site more svelte than the majority of beefy dedicated running watches. Just because the body is the same doesn't mean this wearable is a complete design doppleganger though. It's got a couple of cool design elements all of its own, most notably its strap. Exclusive to this special edition watch, the sweat-friendly, water-unworried band is crafted from the same synthetic rubber as the traditional Apple Watch Sports Band. There's just a few more holes. Why? Well, as well as allowing for a more secure, personal fit, this helps improve ventilation. Wearing it on runs, our wrist was noticeably less sweaty than when running with our traditional Apple Watch, which is a bonus. The two-tone colour schemes of these straps also make the watch look seriously damn cool. ©  Digital Spy There is a slight downside though. After just a week's use, the strap is starting to show a little bit of wear. Nothing damaging, but the spare bit of strap that tucks under the buckle is already showing a bit of shine where it's rubbed smooth and been pressed against those holes. This isn't visible during daily use, but it does have us a little worried as to how the strap will wear further down the line. Fortunately you're not restricted to your day one strap choice. Even with four Nike+ options to pick from (black/volt, black/grey, flat silver/white, flat silver/volt), all models play nice with the vast array of compatible Apple Watch bands. Want to posh your watch up for a special occasion? Fine. Just switch the strap out, swipe across to a less sports-centric watch face and... well that's it. You've got a completely new looking device. As it is, the watch is still smart enough to go from the running track to a night out, via a business meeting, without looking out of place. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Apple Watch Nike+ Features & Performance: Everything you want plus a bit more ©  Digital Spy Related: Apple Watch tips and tricks Although it might be its fitness tracking credentials that have drawn you to the Apple Watch Nike+, this is a wearable that's about a whole lot more than counting calories and monitoring miles. Based around the Apple Watch 2, it packs all the same smarts as its sibling. There's no need to grumble about the lack of updates and innovation though. The Apple Watch 2 is just a matter of weeks old itself and still the best smartwatch money can buy. Available in both 38mm and 42mm guises, the Apple Watch Nike+ packs plenty of punch from the off, and we're not just talking about the S2 chip that keeps everything running smoothly. Elsewhere, the screen is simply stunning. Increased brightness and a wider colour range over the original Apple Watch really make it pop. It might be small, but it's beautifully sharp with every bit of detail visible whether you're reading messages in a dark, dingy room or making song selections out in bright, direct sunlight. ©  Digital Spy That's not all that's been squeezed under the hood, either. As well as all the usual accelerometers and gyroscopes, Apple's thrown integrated GPS into the mix. Why should you care? Well, that means you can now leave your iPhone at home when you go out on a run without losing out on detailed tracking of your session. Sorry Android users, the Apple Watch doesn't play nice with your device. On the hardware side this might just be an Apple Watch Series 2 in disguise, but it's the device's software that really sets it apart as something special. Yes, watchOS 3 might still run the show - that means you can still send and receive calls, texts, emails and WhatsApps from your wrist - but it's been topped with a couple of Nike-inspired touches and bespoke watch faces. Like the running brand's bespoke straps, these are exclusive to this edition. ©  Digital Spy What do they add? Well, aside from a bit of bright, bold Nike design cool, they put the brilliant Nike+ Run Club app at your fingertips without having to do a bunch of menu hopping. Each of the four custom faces are fully customisable with various colours and complication configurations (the little app-shortcut icons). They give the watch a cool, unique look, one that's a little less Apple and little more Nike. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below It is very much a surface change though. Move past the faces and Nike+ Run Club app, and everything goes very Apple again. This is no great hardship, but as fitness fans, we'd love to see this Nike skin run a little deeper. Why the black and volt colour scheme at least couldn't be run throughout the watch is a little frustrating. Apple Watch Nike+ Fitness Tracking: The real star of the show ©  Digital Spy Related: Best Apple Watch accessories OK, this is what you're really wanting to know about right? If you're considering the Apple Watch Nike+, chances are you're a bit of a fitness fiend – or at least aren't afraid of lacing up your running shoes once a week. Well good news, because the Apple Watch Nike+ is going to make you want to go running. OK, 'want' is a strong word, but thanks to the Nike+ Run Club app that's so seamlessly integrated here, it will actively encourage you to put your sofa-loving, cake-eating days behind you and lace up your trainers instead. Yes, any Apple Watch can tell you how far you've run, and how quickly you've run it – pretty damn accurately with its integrated GPS – but the Nike+ model takes things a step further by using this data to help you improve. You're not left to your own devices when it comes to getting fit either. The Rub Club app plays host to your own personal 'My Coach' element. Whether you're looking to get into running for the first time, simply improve your fitness or move towards a new PB, there are coaching regimes that can be tailored to you. And a simple set-up process will help tailor things to you without making exercise feel daunting. ©  Digital Spy We're currently a week into an 8-week training programme, and so far we've found our coach helpful but not life-changing. You'll still need a bit of self-motivation to keep going, but the prompts and data breakdowns do make understanding your improvements and future fitness efforts easier. During runs your wrist is filled with all the realtime data you'll want – speed, time, distance – and at this stage we're confident that come week eight, the programme will have helped us reach our goals, with the adaptive coach to only improve at helping us refine our efforts. Just want to run for the fun of it? No problem, there's plenty of cool fitness features thrown in that don't involve the digital coach. Highlights include the ability to schedule runs by looking at the hour-to-hour weather forecast – soggy socks be gone – kick start runs with the help of Siri and, if you're in a hurry and running a regular route, skipping all the set-up by select to rerun your last effort. There's no need to worry about your run data being skewed by pesky traffic lights either. Stop to wait for the little green man and the watch will notice you've stopped and pause your run automatically. Set off again and it will start up without prompting. Come the end of the run, all this data will then be fed back into Apple's own Activity app for simple, single-location tracking on all devices. ©  Digital Spy Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Struggling to see the originality in it all? Well, you're right. All of this can be achieved with a standard Apple Watch and a download of the Nike+ Run Club app. Sure, you'll miss out on the watch faces, but everything else is the same. What really makes this stand out and line out as a snip about the standard Watch for true fitness fans, however, is the fluidity of it all. Those watch faces let the world know you're a runner, yes, but they also help get you motivated. Having that constant reminder that this is a running watch as much as a message-providing smartwatch attached to your wrist is enough to push you off the sofa. The coach is an addition that will grow the more you use it, and having the Nike+ Run Club app just a click away and encouraging you to keep fit is a major boon for regular runners or those looking for the motivation to become one. Apple Watch Nike+ Battery Life: A comfort blanket of stability ©  Digital Spy Related: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6S Tracking your daily runs is great for working towards fitness goals. It's not so hot when it comes to keeping battery life in the green though. Fortunately, the Apple Watch Nike+ has enough staying power to stand up to your GPS-utilising, heart rate-monitoring, Bluetooth headphones-connected running ways. And then some. No, you're not going to get a week's worth of usage out of it before a return trip to the mains, but show us a smartwatch capable of that. What you will get, however, is two full days of steady usage. Answer your messages, take a couple of calls, track your daily exercise sessions and you'll cruise through two full days' use and comfortably into a third. This is crucial, not just to avoid the nightmare of nightly charges, but it means you can wear your Apple Watch Nike+ on a weekend away or during an impromptu sleepover without having to worry about carrying another charger with you. It takes the battery worry out of the equation, and that's key to making this a longterm smartwatch success rather than something that's going to be consigned to a draw in a couple of months. Apple Watch Nike+ Verdict: The ULTIMATE smartwatch ©  Digital Spy Seriously impressive smartwatch, check. Elegant, accessible running watch capable of transforming you from a sofa addict to a running fiend, check. The Apple Watch Nike+ really is the best of both worlds. While a lot of gadgets take on too much, this is very much a case of jack of all trades, master of everything. Will this appease all fitness fanatics? Mostly. If you're into ultra marathons and week-long treks across barren wilderness, chances are you're going to want something a little more specialist. For the general fitness fan – everyone from the once-a-week shuffling jogger to those looking to trump their 10K or marathon PB – however, the Apple Watch Nike+ is the ultimate in smartwatch refinement. What's more, pleasingly it's no more expensive than its standardly specced sibling. The 38mm model will hit you for £369 while the 42mm unit will cost £399. That's a lot of money, yes, but it's considerably less than that gym membership you never use though. At least this will give you the motivation to get fit. If you've got even a passing interest in keeping fit, this is the smartwatch we'd recommend. PREVIOUS ARTICLE AirPods hands-on: Apple's wireless headphones are light but not quite fantastic NEXT ARTICLE MacBook Pro 2016 review: hands-on with Apple's latest high-end laptop Most Popular Don't Miss 01 11 best Apple Watch straps to pimp your wearable 02 Apple Watch 2 review: The ONLY smartwatch to... 03 9 watchOS 3 features to revolutionise your Apple... 04 16 Apple Watch tips to turn you into a smartwatch... 05 7 ways the Apple Watch Nike+ is the ULTIMATE... Latest News 01 Duncan James recovering from new health scare 02 Matt LeBlanc's Man with a Plan gets a full season Must Read 01 How to win I'm a Celebrity according to ACTUAL... 02 Honey G's Remembrance Sunday tweet disgusts... More From Apple Forget the iPhone, the next iPad could be all-screen 14 November 2016 5:07 PM ​​It's slated for next spring. ​ What will happen to iPhones if Trump targets China? 14 November 2016 2:59 PM ​ WAR... ahem, trade war. ​ GIF Hold up! Could Apple's AirPods actually drop next week? 11 November 2016 11:12 AM Toothbrush earrings inbound.​ Just how well is Apple's new MacBook Pro selling? 10 November 2016 4:56 PM A tag don't mean a thing, apparently. ​​ Apple could be working on a revolutionary TV 10 November 2016 2:42 PM ​Will we ever leave the couch?​​ Apple Watch 3: everything you need to know 9 November 2016 12:00 PM ​From release date to whether it's going round. GIF Here's how you can get the Touch Bar on an old Mac 8 November 2016 6:28 PM ​ Pfft, who needs a 'real' touchscreen?​ Never lose your iPhone 7 dongle with this adapter 7 November 2016 3:43 PM ​ Major Keychain. 🔑 Apple cuts prices in response to MacBook Pro criticism 7 November 2016 11:10 AM ​​Just not on things you really wanted. MacBook Pro 2016: hands-on with Apple's latest laptop 4 November 2016 1:42 PM Proof that the Touch Bar isn't essential.​ Tech Apple Apple Watch Nike+ Apple 7 reasons the Apple Watch Nike+ is the ULTIMATE smartwatch The Apple Watch Nike+ has landed to let you up your fitness game in style Apple Watch review: The stylish smartwatch for iPhones in search of a killer app Samsung Gear S2 Review: The saviour of the smartwatch is here to take on the Apple Watch Apple Watch Series 2 review: A fitness master and the ONLY smartwatch you should be considering Best Apple Watch accessories: 9 ways to get the most from your new Apple smartwatch More From Apple 79CE8C7E-5C9C-4DEF-BB15-2756F33F3459 Created with sketchtool. TV SHOWBIZ FORUMS FORUMS SUPPORT REALITY TV MUSIC COMICS CULT US TV GAMING Doctor Who The X Factor MOVIES TECH Game of Thrones Star Wars SOAPS LGBT Spy Marvel Big Brother Bake Off Pokemon Netflix GHI Tech Reviews DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK © 2016 Hearst Magazines UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 72 Broadwick Street, London, W1F 9EP. Registered in England 112955. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Complaints Site Map
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home 360daily 360daily Features iPhone Sales Booming in India, Reliance Jio Starts Hurting Airtel, and More: Your 360 Daily  Ravi Sharma, 26 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Apple said that it has posted a 50 percent rise in iPhone sales in India Xiaomi will not launch the new Mi Note 2 and Mi MIX smartphones in India Bharti Airtel admitted that Reliance Jio's entry affected its Q2 profits Apple announced a 50 percent growth rate in iPhone sales in India, while Xiaomi said its new phablets will give the country a miss, and Airtel admitted Reliance Jio has begun hurting its business. Check out these and other major tech news of the day in your 360 Daily. iPhone sales rise 50 percent in India Apple suffered its first revenue decline in 15 years, but the silver lining around that dark cloud was the 50 percent year-on-year growth in iPhone sales it registered in India. The company is also optimistic about future growth of the iPhones in India as well on the back of its pact with Reliance Jio, improving 4G infrastructure in the country, and increasing appetite of the middle class for smartphones.Xiaomi Mi Note 2, Mi MIX not launching in India Xiaomi broke the hearts of many of its fans in India today with the announcement that it currently has no plans to bring the Mi Note 2 and Mi MIX smartphones to the country. This will disappoint potential buyers who had their hearts set on the Mi Note 2 either as a replacement for the ill-fated Samsung Galaxy Note 7 or as a pocket-friendly phablet with powerful features. (Also see: Which Is the Right Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Replacement, Xiaomi Mi Note 2 or Google Pixel XL?) Reliance Jio starts hurting Airtel's mobile business Airtel in its Q2 earnings call said that its mobile business suffered during the period because competition from a new carrier led to slow growth in the mobile business. Gopal Vittal, the company's managing director and chief executive for India and South Asia, said its "mobile business has experienced a slowdown in growth due to free services being offered by a new operator," obliquely suggesting Reliance Jio, without naming the company. Airtel also launched the new 10-day international roaming packs with free calling minutes, messages, incoming calls, and bundled data. Apple accidentally leaks new MacBook Pro's new feature Just a month after it leaked the new iPhones via its Twitter account, Apple is at it again, giving the world a glimpse at some of the features fans can expect from the upcoming MacBook Pro. With the commercial release of macOS 10.12.1 Sierra, Apple has leaked images of the upcoming MacBook Pro, just ahead of its launch event on Thursday. The images confirm the arrival of the rumoured Magic Toolbar OLED touch panel, which is expected to replace the function keys on the keyboard, as well as the arrival of the Touch ID fingerprint sensor. More Samsung Galaxy S8 features leaked A new report claims that Samsung Galaxy S8 will feature a 5.5-inch display touting 4K resolution (2160x3840 pixels), Exynos 8895 SoC, and 6GB of RAM. This comes a couple of weeks after a report saying that the smartphone, which has apparently been delayed, will have a 16-megapixel and 8-megapixel dual-camera setup on the back. Other rumoured features of the Galaxy S8 include a bezel-less design, no Home button, and fingerprint-sensing display. Google may be making more money on Pixel XL than Apple does on iPhone 7 In a tear-down of the Pixel XL, research firm IHS Markit has revealed that the bill of materials for the 32GB variant of smartphone stands at $285.75. This gives Google a margin of $485.35 (against the device's selling price of $769), higher than the $424 margin that Apple makes on the iPhone 7. Flipkart loses yet another top executive Continuing its streak of losing top executives, Flipkart on Wednesday confirmed that its chief financial officer Sanjay Baweja would leave the company on December 31, 2016. The biggest e-commerce player in India has already started looking for Baweja's replacement. Tags: Apple, iPhone, iPhone sales in India, Airtel, Bharti Airtel, Reliance Jio, Xiaomi, Xiaomi Mi Note 2, Xiaomi Mi MIX, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, MacBook Pro, Touch ID, Google, Pixel XL, Google Pixel, iPhone 7 Plus, Flipkart, Sanjay Baweja LeEco Diwali Sale Includes Cashbacks on 4K Televisions and Smartphones Microsoft Surface Studio All-in-One, Upgraded Surface Book Announced iPhone Sales Booming in India, Reliance Jio Starts Hurting Airtel, and More: Your 360 Daily     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets » Latest Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 ZTE CYMBAL-T Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Intex Aqua Power M Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Zen Admire SXY with Free ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 4,699Rs. 3,099 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe No, PM Modi's Announcements Are Not Going to Push Digital Payments Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Your Phone May Be Listening to Ultrasonic Signals to Serve Ads Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes Microsoft Visual Studio is Coming to macOS in November Supermoon Can Be Seen Up Close at Nehru Planetarium Paytm Lets You Transfer Money to Your Bank Account With a 1 Percent Fee Google Play Music Revamp Brings Machine Learning Recommendations and More Huawei Launches Mate 9 Pro With Curved Display, Dual Camera Setup Facebook and Twitter Helped Me Win, Says President-Elect Donald Trump Vivo V5 Selfie-Focused Smartphone Set to Launch on Tuesday You Won't Be Able to Buy Ubisoft PC Games on Disc in India Anymore More News TRENDING What Is Supermoon and When Can I See It in India and Other Countries? How to Get Started With WhatsApp Video Calling How eSIM Cards Could Change the World Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes How to Click Supermoon Photographs Like a Pro Xiaomi Claims It Sold 1 Million Redmi 4A Phones on Singles' Day Apple Watch Series 2 Review: The Best Fitness Wearable? OnePlus 3T Launch Teaser Hints at Flagship's Design and Name Supermoon, Google Pixel Phones Allegedly Hacked, and More: Your 360 Daily OnePlus Pixel Spotted on Geekbench Ahead of OnePlus 3T Launch Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Microsoft will pay you $650 to ditch your MacBook for a Surface The company will accept Apple computers at Microsoft stores starting Thursday. Microsoft will pay you $650 to ditch your MacBook for a Surface 0 Share: Computers by Shara Tibken October 26, 2016 11:38 AM PDT @sharatibken Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech If Apple's MacBook updates on Thursday aren't good enough for you, Microsoft has an alternative. The Windows maker will offer up to $650 for anyone in the US who "trades up" a MacBook Pro or MacBook Air for a Surface Book or a Surface Pro at a Microsoft Store or Microsoft.com starting Thursday, Brian Hall, corporate vice president of marketing for Microsoft devices, said in an interview. See also Apple to debut new Macs at October 27 'Hello Again' event Microsoft's Surface Books get massive battery life boost Microsoft takes aim at Apple's iMessages in next Windows The offer comes as Microsoft unveiled new devices and software at an event in New York. One of its announcements was a battery life boost and graphics bump in its high-end Surface Book i7. Apple declined to comment Wednesday. It will host an event Thursday where it's expected to introduce redesigned MacBook Pros, the first major updates to the high-end laptops in over four years. The new MacBook Pros will reportedly have an OLED touchscreen in place of function keys, can be unlocked with Touch ID and feature Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports. Microsoft Surface Studio and Windows 10 want to bring out the artist in you A new wave of Surface products and Windows software make it easy to create 3D art. Bridget Carey highlights everything Microsoft announced at its big news event. by Bridget Carey 2:26 Close Drag One thing the new MacBooks are not expected to have are touchscreens. Microsoft and Windows PC makers popularized the screens in computers and hybrid devices that convert between tablets and laptops. But Apple has resisted putting touchscreens in its computers, saying they don't make sense. Microsoft says lack of touchscreens hurts customers. "At this point, they're really doing customers a disservice to not to have an option for touch on a MacBook," Hall said Wednesday. "We're going to announce tomorrow a trade-in program so that people who feel disappointed by the Mac not going all the way to touch screen can trade in" their Apple computers for Surface. Microsoft has offered its Mac trade-in programs before. It didn't say how successful they have been in the past. Tune into CNET's live blog of Apple's event Thursday here. Tags Apple Apple Event Computers Mobile MacOS Microsoft Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 14 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda Nov 14 Apple Pay taps into charitable donations All Apple Stories Related Stories 10 hidden MacOS Sierra features you need to know Apple MacBook Pro sales already set to surpass 2015 MacBook​​​ How to buy a new PC for your parents One reason why the 12-inch MacBook is better than the new MacBook Pro Close   Discuss: Microsoft will pay you $650 to ditch your... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Apple Delays AirPods Rollout, Saying 'We Need a Little More Time' 21 minutes ago Array 0 Groupon Buys Old Rival LivingSocial 46 minutes ago Array 0 Cubs, Tribe Deliver Highest World Series Opener Ratings in 7 Years By Anthony Crupi - 2 hours ago Array 0 Beats' Star-Studded 'Got No Strings' Goes Viral but Can't Top Nintendo Switch Campaign 3 hours ago Array 0 Private Jets, Children's First Editions and Rose-Gold Tweezers, Oh My! The Neiman Marcus Christmas Book Is Here By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 5 hours ago 0 Cubs, Tribe Deliver Highest World Series Opener Ratings in 7 Years By Anthony Crupi - 2 hours ago 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 5 hours ago 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 4 hours ago 0 In-Car Advertising: GM, IBM Pair Watson and OnStar to Deliver Brand Messages By E.J. Schultz - 9 hours ago 0 These Are the 50 Companies Creatives Would 'Kill to Work for Full Time' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Three Chicago Ad Agency Staffers Die in Hit-and-Run Accident By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 2 days ago 0 What the AT&T and Time Warner Deal Could Mean for Advertising By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Apple Delays AirPods Rollout, Saying 'We Need a Little More Time' Published on October 26, 2016. Most Popular Apple announced that its anticipated AirPods, a pair of wireless headphones, will no longer ship this month as planned. The AirPods were introduced in September alongside the iPhone 7, which was designed without a standard headphone jack. An Apple iPhone 7 with AirPods. Credit: Apple "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers," Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said Wednesday. Apple didn't provide a technical reason for the delay nor a new shipping date. The delay comes on the eve of Apple's scheduled Thursday event for its updated Mac computer line, when the AirPods' availability also was expected to be announced. The AirPods delay is the first hardware-related postponement in more than five years from the company. A version of the iPhone 4 in the color white was announced in June 2010, but didn't ship to customers until April 2011 because of a production problem. On the software side, Apple delayed the release of iTunes 11 in 2012 by a month to fix bugs. Related Stories These Hilarious Online Reactions Find Humor in Apple AirPods Apple Revenue, iPhone Sales Continue to Fall Apple's Messaging Problem: The Headline Is the Headphone Jack Let's Settle This: The No-Headphone-Jack-on-the-iPhone Poll The Power of Cohesive Branding: Why Apple Wins Reviews of pre-production models of the AirPods suggested the device needed fine-tuning. "During my testing one of the AirPods had trouble holding a charge, so Apple swapped it out," Walt Mossberg, of the technology website The Verge, wrote in September. Other reviewers noticed problems with music playback, a key feature of the AirPods. The introduction of the product spurred criticism that the cordless earphones could easily be lost. Comedian Conan O'Brien mocked the device with a spoof of an iPod ad that showed people dancing and the AirPods flying out their ears into a sewage drain. The device is planned as part of a growing number of accessories that work around Apple's most important product, the iPhone. Chief Design Officer Jony Ive last month referred to the AirPods as the start of a new wireless future for the company. The $159 accessory comes with a charging case that doubles as a mechanism to initially pair the headphones to the iPhone. With iCloud, the AirPods can automatically be matched with other Apple devices like computers and watches. -- Bloomberg News In this article: CMO Strategy Consumer Electronics Digital Mobile Music Retail Technology Telecommunications Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer Remix: Who is right and wrong when it comes to Apple Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 7:16 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer Remix: Who&rsquo;s right and wrong when it comes to Apple</p> <p>Jim Cramer&rsquo;s telling you why he&rsquo;s had it with the Apple analysts.</p> Cramer Remix: Who’s right and wrong when it comes to Apple    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 7:00 PM ET | 01:11 Jim Cramer has noticed a peculiar pattern behind the stocks thriving this earnings season. "Right now demand is the secret sauce driving stocks higher. Is there demand for the product and does it exceed supply? That's how you sort out the winners from the losers in this peculiar environment," the "Mad Money" host said. In the banking industry, KeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney told Cramer on Tuesday that average loans rose year over year. The same thing happened with Apple. Cramer noted that demand for the new iPhone greatly exceeded supply after the tech giant reported earnings Tuesday. "You know what actually paid to listen to? Tim Cook, who came right here in the low $90s and told you a darned good story. He was right, they were wrong," Cramer said. Eduardo Munoz | Reuters Customers look at the iPhone 7 smartphone inside an Apple store in New York. Cramer thought Apple reported a fantastic quarter on Tuesday. Yet, the analysts on the conference call made investors feel like Apple could face real trouble. "I was stunned by the analyst community's lack of respect for CEO Tim Cook when I listened to the call," Cramer said. He could not ignore the level of contempt and disrespect for Apple, especially considering how positive some of the same analysts are about IBM, Oracle and Microsoft. Meanwhile, IBM has been on a decline for five years, and Cramer found the tone of the call to be far more respectful. "Apple is held to a higher standard, even though it has one of the cheapest stocks out there. I don't know what's wrong with these analysts with their faux buy recommendations, but I think they could benefit from some therapy," Cramer said. Norfolk Southern delivered a third-quarter surprise on Wednesday when it managed to report an earnings beat, even with major cargoes like coal in a secular decline. Cramer spoke with Norfolk Southern's chairman and CEO Jim Squires, who revealed how the company continues to improve amid a difficult environment. "There is always opportunity through business process improvements and through working our assets ever harder. We are very focused on productivity. That has been the source of a lot of our improvements this year," Squires said. Adam Jeffery | CNBC Tim Cook Cramer focused on Snap-On as a once red-hot stock that lost its momentum, and could be ready to roar again. After spending years climbing higher, Snap-On's stock fell hard, down 9 percent for the year. Snap-On is the maker of high quality tools and diagnostic equipment for auto repair and other industries. Last week it reported a strong quarter, and Cramer suspects that the stock could be ready to go higher. After management provided bullish commentary on the conference call, Cramer thought the organic growth of the company could signal good things for the stock. He spoke with Snap-On's chairman and CEO Nick Pinchuk on why organic growth is important. "For us, organic growth is rolling out products that people really want … What we like to say is that we have runways for growth. One of those for growth for us is to expand with repair shop owners and managers," Pinchuk said. Alkermes also made an incredible comeback when the stock recently surged 30 percent in one day after the company announced positive clinical trial data for an anti-depressant drug that previously failed to meet its targets. Alkermes is a drug delivery company that also develops proprietary medications for mental illness, addiction, diabetes, Alzheimer's and multiple sclerosis. Cramer spoke with Alkermes' CEO Richard Pops, who explained that part of the difficulty in doing clinical research on depression is that enrolled patients in a trial often get better by participating in the trial itself, called the placebo effect. "So, when the study failed in January, we looked at the data, and the data always tells you the truth. And in the data we saw a clear signal of activity of 5461. We just hadn't designed the trial exactly the right way," Pops said. In the Lightning Round, Cramer gave his take on a few caller favorite stocks: Dollar Tree: "This stock has been in free-fall, along with Dollar General. I'm beginning to wonder if they aren't ready to bottom. But if you think they are, the better one to do is buy a stock called TJX, which my charitable trust owns ... It's a discounter that I think has a better stream of revenue, particularly with Macy's closing some stores soon." Owens-Illinois: "They had a good quarter. I've been waiting for that. I love the glass business because it's recycling. Do you know that in certain parts of Latin America they use jars from Owens-Illinois 30 times. Glass should be more sustainably viewed in this country. I like the story here." Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change IBM --- SNA --- ALKS --- AAPL --- DLTR --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You OK, Apple? As Windows 10 hits its stride, MacOS is wheezing Matt Smith Digital TrendsOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share On June 10, 2013, Apple announced OS X 10.9 Mavericks, and for a moment it seemed the company was on the verge of using its success in smartphones and tablets to make Mac OS X the best desktop option. Unlike previous updates, Mavericks was free. It was also released just a year after OS X 10.8, and marked the beginning of a yearly update cadence. Microsoft, meanwhile, was struggling with Windows 8. The Windows 8.1 update was still underway, and wouldn’t be released until October 18 of 2013. Apple was moving quickly, nimbly, while the old-fashioned Redmond behemoth stumbled along. My, what a difference a few years can make. Everything you can do, I’ve already done I’ve already written about my disappointment with MacOS Sierra. The operating system’s headline feature, Siri, does something that Windows 10 has done since release – in a more limited, more confusing fashion. Microsoft didn’t talk much about its digital assistant at its October 26 event, because it didn’t have to. Cortana has been around for some time. Nor did the company speak at all about many of the features that make Windows 10 great. We heard only a little bit about notifications, and nothing at all about the taskbar, multi-tasking, or the start menu. And we didn’t have to. With Windows 10, Microsoft laid a solid foundation, one that simply exceeds the capability of MacOS. Putting that in place has allowed Windows to add capabilities that most of us never imagined we’d want. Pushing boundaries Touch is, of course, a key example. The mess that was Windows 8 convinced the world that touch is useless on the PC. But Microsoft didn’t give up. It trudged on, and now it’s working on programs like Paint 3D, a stylus and touch-capable application that will be bundled into the Windows Creator Update, and will help people of any experience level start working directly with 3D models and content. Related: Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event Is it a bit niche? Yes, it is. But it’s very useful to those who need it, or are interested in it. And it’s something that a Mac physically can’t do. Unless Apple surprises us with a touchscreen MacBook Pro tomorrow, only iOS will be able to answer. And that carries its own problems. microsoft outpaces apple windows creators updateMore Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends microsoft outpaces apple windows creators updateMore Read More Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends microsoft outpaces apple windows creators updateMore Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends microsoft outpaces apple windows creators updateMore Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends That’s just the beginning. Microsoft’s push towards 3D content creation in the Windows 10 Creators Update has an obvious goal, and that’s empowering augmented and virtual reality. Microsoft already told us that HoloLens compatibility is being built into Windows 10, a feature called Windows HoloGraphic. Now, we see that Microsoft is also considering how people will build content for an augmented or virtual reality experience. Apple has not even touched that space. The Mac doesn’t work with virtual reality headsets, and most Macs aren’t fast enough to power them, anyway. Tim Cook has been praising the virtues of augmented reality on his interview circuit, but right now it’s Microsoft, not Apple, that’s building an ecosystem of hardware and software for it. Microsoft deserves a lot of credit. This is cutting-edge stuff. HoloLens has its problems, but it remains a unique proposition, even more so than virtual reality headsets. It’s like nothing we’ve ever seen before. Yet, at the same time, it’s being built in a way that could make it broadly usable by many people, with a variety of hardware. That’s just smart. Gaming is kind of a big deal, guys Touch and augmented reality aren’t the only gaps in the Mac’s armor, though. Microsoft also took aim at another that, though it might seem trivial, has become a serious pain for anyone who likes the Mac. The Mac doesn’t have game. Apple just doesn’t seem to care. Though it bizarrely talks up the Apple TV as a game console replacement (come on, guys, really?) it neglects making basic updates to Mac’s OpenGL support. Instead, Apple has decided to lean on Metal, its own API. That makes it easier for app developers to bring in games from iOS. But those, to be frank, aren’t the games Mac owners crave. Windows 10 Creators UpdateMore Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends The result is obvious. Back in 2010, over 8 percent of Steam gamers were using Mac OS X. Today, that market share has shrunk to a mere 3.5 percent. And it’s no wonder. Well over half the most popular games on Steam don’t support MacOS. Blizzard, meanwhile, for the first time and years opted not to support MacOS with Overwatch. The game’s director, Jeff Kaplan, was blunt about it. When Polygon asked him about the lack of support, he said “with the technology behind Macs and the way Overwatch runs it’s just too challenging for us at this point to support it.” Translation? Macs are slow and their API support is bad, so we didn’t do it. Microsoft, meanwhile, is on the bleeding age. Gaming was a key pillar of its Windows 10 Creators Edition announcement. Gamers can tap directly into Microsoft’s Xbox service to stream content, voice chat with friends, or create tournaments. And then there’s Minecraft, which is being used as not just a game, but also a content creation platform for kids. Apple can only dream of offering the same. That matters. People don’t want to buy separate computers for work and play. They want one that can do everything they need. A Windows 10 device can be that. A Mac? Not so much. Sprinting ahead So, Windows 10 has support for features MacOS hasn’t even teased, and can play games that the Mac simply can’t run. That’s not great for Apple. And the timing couldn’t be worse. Apple just released its big update. For most people – those not in the beta program – MacOS Sierra is barely more than a month old. That means the next update is almost a year away. Windows 10 Creators UpdateMore Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Windows 10’s Creators Update doesn’t have a release date yet, but it’s slated for “early 2017.” And you don’t even need to wait until then. If you join the Windows Insider program, you can expect to see many of the relevant updates trickle out over the next few months. Worse still for Apple, Microsoft is likely planning two major Windows 10 updates in 2017. That means MacOS 10.13 might be released alongside a second Windows 10 update. Where does the Mac go from here? There’s a saving grace. Apple has an event scheduled tomorrow. There we’ll see new Mac hardware. I’m sure it will be good. In fact, it’ll probably be better than the hardware Microsoft showed today. While imaginative, the Surface line can be a bit unwieldy in actual use, and has been plagued with bugs. But this isn’t a battle of hardware. It’s a battle of operating systems. If MacOS falls too far behind, then people won’t want to use it, no matter how good the new MacBook is. Related: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review Perhaps Apple is okay with that. Mac is only 12 percent of the company, after all, and it’s be simpler for Apple if it could find some way to elevate iOS to replace the Mac, and indeed, the iPad Pro is already trying to do just that. That fact, however, isn’t going to bring peace of mind to Mac fans. Apple sorely needs to give its desktop operating system the attention it deserves. Today’s Microsoft is in finer form than ever in the company’s history, and its making Apple’s MacOS update pace – which, just a few years ago, felt lightning quick – is starting to feel sluggish. Everything you must know about Windows 10 Creators Update and Surface Studio Desktop OS showdown: Windows 10 vs. macOS vs. Chrome OS Shoot the messenger: Microsoft reignites emoji gun debate with new pistol icon Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Apple fell and iRobot soared as indexes turned in a mixed performance on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 26, 2016 at 5:43PM Stocks turned in mixed results on Wednesday, as the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) rose slightly while the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) ticked lower. Image source: Getty Images. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.17% 30.06 S&P 500 (0.17%) (3.73) Data source: Yahoo! Finance. The SPDR Select Financial Sector Fund (NYSEMKT:XLF) saw heavy trading ahead of the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting next week. Economists don't expect an interest rate hike to happen at that meeting, but hints about a possible December increase could boost prospects for banks. Meanwhile, the United States Oil Fund (NYSEMKT:USO) fell 1.3% as oil prices fell back below $50 per barrel. Individual stocks on the move included Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and iRobot (NASDAQ:IRBT), which swung in opposite directions following their latest earnings announcements. Apple's profit letdown Apple was the Dow's biggest decliner, falling 2.3% after revealing a 9% revenue decline and a 19% drop in earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter. As expected, the consumer tech titan's results were pressured by a double-digit drop in iPhone sales. That segment makes up over 60% of the business, and fell 13% as unit sales worsened to 45.5 million from 48 million in the prior-year period. On the positive side, average selling prices, which have trended lower after the release of the iPhone SE model, ticked up sequentially and may be headed back toward $700 per unit. Image source: Apple. Of course, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus weren't available for most of the quarter and sales of those popular products are still constrained by supply. Management sounded confident that the refreshed lineup is being well received. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch Series 2," CEO Tim Cook said in a press release. Apple's guidance for the current quarter calls for a return to revenue growth after three consecutive quarters of declines. Yet its profitability forecast, of roughly 38% gross margin, was lower than expected. Judging by the 20% stock price rise in the three months leading up to this report, Wall Street was simply hoping for a more aggressive earnings outlook from Cook and his executive team. iRobot's holiday season forecast iRobot shares spiked 12% to reach a new all-time high following quarterly results that position the robotic tech specialist for a banner holiday season ahead. Third-quarter sales jumped 17% and net income soared 52% higher as both the top and bottom lines beat management's July guidance. "Our third-quarter performance was outstanding," CEO Colin Angle said in a press release, partly thanks to what executives described as successful marketing programs for its consumer products like the Roomba line of home-cleaning robots. Image source: iRobot. It wasn't all good news for investors, though. Gross profit margin fell by a full percentage point as the average selling price of robot units declined to $229 from $252. Overall, though, iRobot is preparing for a solid finish to its fiscal year. Orders already received from retailers, plus the anticipated orders for the fourth quarter, suggest substantial sales gains ahead. As a result, management raised full-year guidance for the second straight quarter, bumping the revenue forecast up to $653 million from $642 million. The profit outlook also edged up to $40 million from $38 million as the company believes it has hit the right balance of product innovations and pricing to drive a 25% sales boost in the key U.S. market this year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and iRobot. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 5:43PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $18,868.69 up $21.03 (0.11%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,164.20 down $0.25 (-0.01%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) iRobot NASDAQ:IRBT $52.02 down $-1.28 (-2.40%) Financial Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLF $22.20 up $0.53 (2.45%) United States Oil Fund NYSEMKT:USO $9.87 up $0.10 (1.02%) Read More Apple's Next Smartwatch Won't Be the End of Fitbit Apple Can't Save Best Buy Now 4 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in October 3 Great Dividend Stocks That Could Double Their Payments 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Should Investors Worry About Apple, Inc.'s Soaring R&D Expenses? What does the Mac maker have in the pipeline? Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 26, 2016 at 5:54PM Image source: Apple. One of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) greatest strengths has always been its financial discipline when it comes to research and development expenditures. The Mac maker's R&D investments were so efficient that it was spending a very small percentage of revenue on R&D, while new products drove incredible revenue growth. It used to be common for R&D to be between 2% and 3% of sales (at times even under 2%), while peers would spend double-digit percentages of revenue on R&D. What we've seen in recent years is a precipitous rise in Apple's R&D budget as a percentage of sales. Data source: SEC filings. Fiscal quarters shown. Graph by author. At least one Street analyst is a little worried. But not too worried On the earnings call, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty asked CEO Tim Cook about the divergence of R&D growth and revenue growth: Huberty: That's great color. Thank you for that. A follow-up for Tim. What should we read into the fact that R&D has more than doubled over the past three years while sales growth was sort of a fifth of that? Are R&D investments just less efficient than they were in the company's history, or should we think about that as incremental spend for products that haven't yet come to market? Cook: There's clearly some amount of R&D that are on products that today are in the development phase that have not reached the market, and so that's a part of it. And we feel really great about the things that we've got. We've also put a lot of emphasis on our services business as well and on making the ecosystem even better. And so we're very much, we're confidently investing in the future, and that's the reason you see the R&D spend increasing. Cook's answer is an expected one, as Apple is naturally investing heavily in various areas that it won't talk about quite yet, such as augmented reality/virtual reality, autonomous cars, and more. For reference, here's a chart of the two growth rates that Huberty is looking at. Data source: SEC filings. Fiscal quarters shown. Chart by author. When it comes down to it, the real issue isn't whether or not R&D growth outpaces sales growth. Those percentages without the context of absolute values don't paint the full picture. Huberty is right to pay attention to an important trend, since Apple spent a cool $10 billion on R&D last fiscal year, of which $1.9 billion was stock-based compensation. The real question will be whether or not any of the products in Apple's pipeline can generate meaningful revenue growth in the future. And keep in mind that Apple's revenue base is so enormous at this point ($215 billion) that every basis point of growth helps. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 5:54PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Apple fell and iRobot soared as indexes turned in a mixed performance on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 26, 2016 at 5:43PM Stocks turned in mixed results on Wednesday, as the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) rose slightly while the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) ticked lower. Image source: Getty Images. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.17% 30.06 S&P 500 (0.17%) (3.73) Data source: Yahoo! Finance. The SPDR Select Financial Sector Fund (NYSEMKT:XLF) saw heavy trading ahead of the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting next week. Economists don't expect an interest rate hike to happen at that meeting, but hints about a possible December increase could boost prospects for banks. Meanwhile, the United States Oil Fund (NYSEMKT:USO) fell 1.3% as oil prices fell back below $50 per barrel. Individual stocks on the move included Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and iRobot (NASDAQ:IRBT), which swung in opposite directions following their latest earnings announcements. Apple's profit letdown Apple was the Dow's biggest decliner, falling 2.3% after revealing a 9% revenue decline and a 19% drop in earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter. As expected, the consumer tech titan's results were pressured by a double-digit drop in iPhone sales. That segment makes up over 60% of the business, and fell 13% as unit sales worsened to 45.5 million from 48 million in the prior-year period. On the positive side, average selling prices, which have trended lower after the release of the iPhone SE model, ticked up sequentially and may be headed back toward $700 per unit. Image source: Apple. Of course, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus weren't available for most of the quarter and sales of those popular products are still constrained by supply. Management sounded confident that the refreshed lineup is being well received. "We're thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch Series 2," CEO Tim Cook said in a press release. Apple's guidance for the current quarter calls for a return to revenue growth after three consecutive quarters of declines. Yet its profitability forecast, of roughly 38% gross margin, was lower than expected. Judging by the 20% stock price rise in the three months leading up to this report, Wall Street was simply hoping for a more aggressive earnings outlook from Cook and his executive team. iRobot's holiday season forecast iRobot shares spiked 12% to reach a new all-time high following quarterly results that position the robotic tech specialist for a banner holiday season ahead. Third-quarter sales jumped 17% and net income soared 52% higher as both the top and bottom lines beat management's July guidance. "Our third-quarter performance was outstanding," CEO Colin Angle said in a press release, partly thanks to what executives described as successful marketing programs for its consumer products like the Roomba line of home-cleaning robots. Image source: iRobot. It wasn't all good news for investors, though. Gross profit margin fell by a full percentage point as the average selling price of robot units declined to $229 from $252. Overall, though, iRobot is preparing for a solid finish to its fiscal year. Orders already received from retailers, plus the anticipated orders for the fourth quarter, suggest substantial sales gains ahead. As a result, management raised full-year guidance for the second straight quarter, bumping the revenue forecast up to $653 million from $642 million. The profit outlook also edged up to $40 million from $38 million as the company believes it has hit the right balance of product innovations and pricing to drive a 25% sales boost in the key U.S. market this year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and iRobot. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 5:43PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $18,868.69 up $21.03 (0.11%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,164.20 down $0.25 (-0.01%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) iRobot NASDAQ:IRBT $52.02 down $-1.28 (-2.40%) Financial Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLF $22.20 up $0.53 (2.45%) United States Oil Fund NYSEMKT:USO $9.87 up $0.10 (1.02%) Read More Apple's Next Smartwatch Won't Be the End of Fitbit Apple Can't Save Best Buy Now 4 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in October 3 Great Dividend Stocks That Could Double Their Payments 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > A day before Apple’s ‘hello again’ event, it delays AirPods beyond ‘late October’ release A day before Apple’s ‘hello again’ event, it delays AirPods beyond ‘late October’ release October 26, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment If you’ve been looking forward to the upcoming AirPods that Apple said would be coming in ‘late October’, be prepared to be disappointed. In a statement sent to TechCrunch, Apple says they need ‘a little more time’ before AirPods will be available. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,” an Apple spokesperson said to TechCrunch. The AirPods were originally announced back in September alongside the iPhone 7. It has a retail price of $159 and includes Apple’s W1 chip that allows for easy pairing. The Bluetooth earbuds were slated for a ‘late October’ release with many thinking they’d go on sale as soon as tomorrow or Friday (with Monday being the latest), given the ‘late October’ promise. Unfortunately, beyond this Apple has yet to give us a date on when they’ll become available. We assume they’ll be available in a few weeks in November. Tags: AirPods, Bluetooth About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model Apple to unveil universal TV guide at tomorrow’s event, says Netflix won’t be on board → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 New ‘Launchpad’ icon replaces ‘Home’ on iCloud.com, likely a minor change for consistency Chance Miller - 3 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Ahead of its big Mac refresh tomorrow, Apple today has made a subtle change to iCloud.com. Where there used to be a “Home” quick link, Apple has recently updated the iconography to display a new “Launchpad” icon, similar to that on macOS. Now, when you click in the upper-right hand corner of any app and bring up icon grid, you’ll see a new “Launchpad” option where the previous “Home” icon was. Now, before we read too much into this, it’s likely nothing too notable… Apple made the change around a week ago and it’s flown relatively under the radar since then. The likely reasoning for Apple’s decision is to avoid confusion with its new Home app. iOS 10, of course, introduces an all-new Home app that allows you to manage your HomeKit accessories and features an icon very similar to that of the old “Home” icon on iCloud.com. On iCloud.com, though, the Home quick link simply returned you back to the home screen of apps. The change to a Launchpad icon has caused some eager users to speculate that it could be a hint at future support for web apps, seeing that on macOS, the Launchpad icon brings up a icon grid of all your Mac applications. While it’s certainly possible that Apple is planning to launch support for web apps, the more likely reasoning for the change is consistency between macOS and iCloud.com, as well as to avoid confusion with iOS 10’s Home app. Web apps would be an interesting choice for Apple, who has long opted for native applications, even in the case of cross-platform services like iTunes and Apple Music. Web apps wouldn’t significantly benefit macOS users, either, as Apple applications generally sync well between devices. Web apps, however, would allow macOS users to access services if they were using a Windows PC. Currently, iCloud.com has web apps for a variety of Apple services, including Mail, Pages, Keynote, Numbers, and Find My iPhone. Services like iMessage, FaceTime, and iTunes aren’t supported though. Nevertheless, this change on Apple’s part is likely nothing more than a change in favor of consistency and less confusion. Though, we’re curious, would you use iCloud web apps? Let us know in comments below. iOS 10 Home app icon Previous iCloud.com interface blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 Report: Apple to unveil universal TV guide tomorrow, aggregates video from various sources … but not Netflix Benjamin Mayo - 3 weeks ago @bzamayo Apple TV View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is reportedly set to launch a smart TV guide for Apple TV tomorrow, as parts of its ‘hello again’ event. The TV guide will aggregate different sources of TV shows and movies into a single view, so users do not have constantly switch between app to find something to watch, according to Recode. The interface will summarize what’s available to watch and then direct users to the respective apps with deep linking for the selected content. Apple has partnered with video providers to bring this feature to market but apparently Netflix content will not be available. The feature will also be available on iOS devices, not just tvOS. Talks of a digital TV guide for internet streaming video first surfaced in August. Earlier, USA Today said that Apple was set to announce a ‘Watch List’ app for Apple TV, suggesting relevant shows as a queue. It is not clear if the TV guide and watch list features are independent apps, but it would make sense for the watch list to be a feature inside of the encompassing TV guide experience on Apple TV. It seems likely that Single-Sign On will also debut tomorrow, initially promised as a tvOS 10 feature but subsequently delayed. A combination of a personalized TV guide and easy login would be a significant enhancement to the Apple TV experience, where video apps are currently siloed into their own discrete elements. The report does not detail which video partners have signed up to be a part of the Apple TV guide, apart from noting that Netflix will not be participating. This is somewhat strange as the streaming service was a headline partner for universal search via Siri when the Apple TV was first launched.  It is also not clear how the TV guide would be exposed on iOS (perhaps as a new section in the Videos app?). We’ll have to wait for the event to understand the whole story. Apple’s “hello again” event kicks off tomorrow at 10 AM Pacific time. As well as new Apple TV improvements, the announcements are likely going to be headlined by the introduction of new Macs. Updated Retina MacBook Pro’s are expected with a slew of major upgrades, including an OLED function bar that replaces the top keyboard row, Touch ID with Apple Pay integration, faster internal components housed in a new thinner design. 9to5Mac will bring live coverage of all the announcements. Guides Apple TV Apple TV is Apple's set-top box offering that allows users to stream content from services like Netflix, Hulu, and many more via the tvOS App Store. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple added only 6,000 people last year — its slowest growth since 2009 Kif Leswing Oct. 26, 2016, 6:45 PM 2,797 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Apple reported its first annual revenue decline since 2001 on Tuesday.  And because there was less money coming in, Apple hired fewer people last year.  Apple says it had 116,000 full-time employees in a filing with the SEC published on Wednesday. In 2015, Apple had 110,000. That means Apple only added 6000 full-time employees last year. In fact, last year Apple was the company's slowest headcount growth since the depths of the recession in 2009, when it only had 24,300, up 2,300 employees from 2008.  These figures include Apple's large retail operation. Apple doesn't specify how many of its employees work in retail anymore, but the last time it reported these numbers in 2014, 46,200 of Apple's 92,600 employees worked at an Apple Store.  Apple is clearly not hiring like it did in 2014 and 2015, when it added 12,300 and 17,400 employees, respectively.  Apple's appetite for space has not slowed, though. Apple will complete its new corporate campus next year, and it added 3.8 million square feet of building space, and bought 826 acres of land.  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Apple shares sink on first annual drop in revenue since 2001 NOW WATCH: How the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years Loading video... More: Apple Hiring Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple added only 6,000 people last year — its slowest growth since 2009 Apple added only 6,000 people last year — its slowest growth since 2009 Apple reported its first annual revenue decline... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple's new TV app for Apple TV and iOS puts all your content in one place Elyse Betters27 October 2016Apps Apple Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple is holding its Hello Again hardware event in San Francisco, CA, where it has just unveiled a new Apple TV app. Called TV app, naturally, the app is basically a way for Apple TV to offer universal search. CEO Tim Cook, while on stage, said Apple wants Apple TV to be "the one place to access all of your television... a unified TV experience". He then announced the TV app, and said it will "completely change how you watch TV on your Apple TV as well as your iPhone and iPad". The new TV app brings all the TV shows and movies from across all your apps to one place. In an on-stage demo, Apple showed how the app surfaces content from all your apps, and then when you select a movie or show, it kicks you into that app. When you press menu, you end up back in the individual app's UI, but you can back to the TV app by pressing the TV button on the remote. Also, when you install a new app on your Apple TV, the TV app will instantly sign you in with your cable single-sign on, and it'll load "Watch Now" with content. Watch Now is where you will see a collection of available shows and movies from iTunes and apps. The TV app can also access your collection of iTunes movies an shows rented or purchased on iTunes. The TV app, which releases later this year, works on iPhone and iPad too. As for that single sign on feature, it's a simplified way for Americans to enjoy their pay-TV video apps. Starting in December, subscribers to DirecTV, Dish Network, and more will just sign in once on Apple TV, iPhone, and iPad to enjoy immediate access to apps that are part of their pay-TV subscription. Apple said Siri will also know all sports schedules and which games can be watched live. In other words, Siri is now aware of live sporting events across apps, so you can simply say things like, “Watch the Stanford game”, and then it'll surface that exact live game for you to immediately watch. Apple Apple kicked off its event on 27 October with a keynote at 10 am PST. To watch the live stream for yourself or read about what was officially announced, see Pocket-lint's guide. The tagline to Apple's event, "hello again," is an obvious nod to the Mac, as Apple originally introduced the product with the word "hello" in 1984. Several reports therefore claimed Apple will likely introduce new Macs. How to watch the Apple 'Hello Again' Mac event, and what to expect New MacBook Pro (2016): Everything you need to know Sections Apple Apps Source: USA Today Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify... Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify vs Tidal and more The Microsoft Office 2016 Certification Training Bundle can help you ace your next interview (96 per cent off) Are you colour blind? This Microsoft app will help you see colour Instagram is going to introduce live video You can now ask Siri to send money using PayPal Surf the web worry-free with a lifetime subscription to ZenVPN (95 per cent off) Brain.fm lets you stream calibrated audio tracks to boost your productivity (80 per cent off) Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? That Lumee light-up case Kim K uses has been updated to Lumee Two Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple Published 26/10/2016 0 Comments Share Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/modest-losses-on-wall-street-despite-bad-trading-for-health-care-firms-and-apple-35165500.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35165499.ece/e32a2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-1bd0dced-ac83-4bcd-9dac-64810f2a12ee_I1.jpg Email Stocks suffered a modest fall US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks have not made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2%, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Mr Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank 2.66 dollars, or 2.2%, to 115.59 dollars after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That cancelled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10% after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid 19.43 dollars, or 17.1% to 94.25 dollars. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank 11.95 dollars, or 8.6%, to 126.46 dollars after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell 1.08 dollars, or 1.7%, to 60.87 dollars. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5%, to 10.70 dollars and insurer Chubb rose 4.55 dollars, or 3.7%, to 127 dollars. Boeing climbed 6.52 dollars, or 4.7%, to 145.54 dollars after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping centres around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell 8.89 dollars, or 4.5%, to 188.38 dollars. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79% from 1.76%. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up 1.56 dollars, or 3.6%, to 44.32 dollars. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost 3.55 dollars, or 8.5%, to 38.40 dollars, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. US crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6%, to 49.18 dollars a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6%, to 49.98 dollars a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost 37.65 dollars, or 9.3%, to 368.02 dollars, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6%, to 38.08 dollars. The stock is down 22% since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol slid two cents to 1.48 dollars a gallon. Heating oil lost one cent to 1.55 dollars a gallon. Natural gas fell four cents to 2.73 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 7 dollars to 1,266.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to 17.63 dollars an ounce. Copper was little changed at 2.15 dollars a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to 1.0906 from 1.0892 dollars. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8% while Germany's Dax lost 0.4% and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1%. Japan's Nikkei 225 edged 0.2% higher, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 1% and South Korea's Kospi lost 1.1%. AP Press Association Read More UK heading for forecast-busting public borrowing, warns PwC  Britain will overshoot public borrowing forecasts by £100 billion by 2021 unless the Government introduces key policy changes that will offset the effects of the Brexit vote, a new report claims. Economic growth forecast to fall in PwC analysis  Economic growth in Scotland is expected to fall by half in the next year as the country's negative jobs growth continues, experts have said. '£17bn to be spent' decommissioning North Sea oil platforms over next 10 years  More than £17 billion will be spent on decommissioning North Sea oil platforms over the next decade, according to a report. East and West Coast rail lines will benefit from HS2, says Chris Grayling  Passengers travelling on the East Coast and West Coast main lines will benefit from more services and extra seats once the HS2 high-speed rail project is completed, the Department for Transport (DfT) has said. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Design firm appointed to oversee plans for Sirocco site  Business News Northern Ireland exports soar after EU vote, but private sector growth stagnant  Business News '£65.5bn worth of investments' abandoned by UK businesses since Brexit vote  Business News Oil giant Puma Energy snaps up Belfast's former BP terminal in growth plan  Business News Best time to see supermoon over Northern Ireland tonight  Northern Ireland Northern Irish pilot's remains found 71 years after bomber downed over Belgium  Northern Ireland Fury as child rapist was allowed to live beside six Belfast schools  Sunday Life Concern after children pictured taking part in Belfast Republican parade in...  Northern Ireland Video: Have Marks & Spencers released the most heart warming ad this Christmas?  Video News First Minister Arlene Foster and Taoiseach Enda Kenny lay wreath at Enniskillen Cenotaph Managers and officials need to build up a better rapport: Ref chief Niall Horan: 'One Direction could reunite in the near future' Taylor Swift groping lawsuit photo leaked All the best: Actor Charlie Lawson on his favourite things Canadian houseboat washes up on beach Sky-gazers enjoy supermoon [Photos] Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sunday Life Belfast restaurant boss illegally docked chef’s pay  Sunday Life Child rapist was allowed to live beside six Belfast schools  Northern Ireland Concern over children taking part in Belfast Republican parade in paramilitary regalia  Northern Ireland 'Help me' - House blaze schoolgirl Ellen Finnegan's voicemail plea to friend  Sunday Life Loyalist killer sold fuel for republicans  Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple TV Media Apple Apple is launching its new TV guide tomorrow — but Netflix won’t be a part of it It’s an easier way to find and watch video on Apple TV. by Peter Kafka Oct 26, 2016, 6:12pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Matt Stroshane / Disney Parks via Getty Images Apple plans to unveil its new version of a TV guide tomorrow during a product event in California. This is the next-generation TV guide concept we first told you about back in August. The idea is that Apple wants to make it easier to find and watch video content without requiring users to sift through a bunch of apps. Instead, Apple’s guide will aggregate and show content that’s available and then send users directly to that content via deep links. The feature is supposed to work on the Apple TV streaming box as well as on other iOS devices like iPhones. Not all major video providers will be participating, however, according to industry sources. Netflix, which has worked closely with Apple in the past — and has been a Siri voice search partner for Apple TV — won’t be part of the program, sources say. While everyone with a compatible device will be able to use the new guide, Apple wants to tie it in with a new “single sign-on” feature that it announced this past summer at its Worldwide Developers Conference. That service lets users sign in once with participating pay TV subscription credentials to access content in any apps that support the feature. (Users currently have to sign in separately for each app that requires the credentials — a clumsy task.) Ideally, customers whose pay TV providers have agreed to the single sign-on program would see content recommendations in the guide from apps that they specifically have access to. This is an evolutionary, incremental step for Apple’s TV ambitions and not what it wanted to do initially. The company previously tried to create its own pay TV service — along the lines of what we’ve seen from Sling, Sony and the new service that AT&T’s DirecTV announced yesterday — but has been unable to strike the deals to make its version of that service work. It had also talked to pay TV distributors like Time Warner Cable about operating as the front end for those companies’ services. Instead, for now, Apple has decided just to take the content that’s already on these devices — major TV networks typically have iOS and Apple TV apps — and make it easier to find and use. Apple declined to comment. USA Today previously reported some details of tomorrow’s launch. Apple announces a TV app recode_divider More From Recode Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Recode Daily: Trump is putting Breitbart’s boss in the White House How Kayak co-founder Paul English got hit by a ‘truck full of money’ Trending Should you ignore the Trump dump of tech stocks? Yes. ‘Proud to be gay’ Peter Thiel has a top job on the transition team that just appointed a virulently anti-gay politician to shepherd domestic policy vetting Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? More in Trending This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Code Enterprise Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah The company, which connects people with service professionals, doesn't expect much impact from the robot revolution. Code Enterprise Series: San Francisco Code Enterprise Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight by Meghann Farnsworth We’ll ask him if he really wanted to buy Twitter. Transportation Android Voices Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? by Bob O'Donnell With Google’s new Android Auto app, end users start to get a feel for what an integrated Android Auto experience would be like — but in their current car. Apple Reviews Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg But the battery’s iffy, the Touch Bar is just okay — and you’ll need dongles. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer 'stunned' by analysts' lack of respect for Apple CEO Tim Cook Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:49 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer &#039;stunned&#039; by analysts lack of respect for Apple CEO Tim Cook</p> <p>Jim Cramer was shocked by the lack of respect shown to Apple CEO Tim Cook by analysts on the company&#039;s conference call.</p> Cramer 'stunned' by analysts lack of respect for Apple CEO Tim Cook    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:25 PM ET | 08:22 Jim Cramer thought Apple reported a fantastic quarter on Tuesday. Yet, the analysts on the conference call made investors feel like Apple could face real trouble. "I was stunned by the analyst community's lack of respect for CEO Tim Cook when I listened to the call," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer's first bone to pick was with Morgan Stanley's Katy Huberty, who gave Apple an overweight rating, and asked CFO Luca Maestri for help to figure out the company's guidance "given all the major projects are running below target." While Apple gave conservative guidance, Cramer pointed out that the iPhone 7 has tremendous demand. Huberty also asked about the doubled R&D budget in the past three years, while sales growth is less than that. Cook responded by saying that the company has spent a lot of money building a services business that generated $6.3 billion in revenue and has a 24 percent accelerating growth rate. The Apple Shocker Adam Jeffery | CNBC Tim Cook "I don't know what's wrong with these analysts with their faux buy recommendations, but I think they could benefit from some therapy." -Jim Cramer It got even worse for Cramer when Sanford Bernstein's Toni Sacconaghi asked Cook why Apple doesn't do better than "flattish" growth given that its largest competitor is in disarray and the company has a new product. He asked what investors should think about the iPhone going forward, and whether it is reasonable to think it is a growing business going forward. "Whoa! Apple just posted $46.9 billion in sales and $9 billion in quarterly net income, substantially better than people expected 90 days ago when we thought it would be a terrible quarter. By the way Sacconaghi asked that question, you would have thought the company has no future," Cramer said. While these are just two examples, Cramer could not ignore the level of contempt and disrespect for Apple, especially considering how positive some of the same analysts are about IBM, Oracle and Microsoft. Meanwhile, IBM has been on a decline for five years, and Cramer found the tone of the call to be far more respectful. "Apple is held to a higher standard, even though it has one of the cheapest stocks out there. I don't know what's wrong with these analysts with their faux buy recommendations, but I think they could benefit from some therapy," Cramer said. Cramer still held firm on his advice to own Apple, not trade it, even after what he considered to be a successful quarter for the company. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- IBM --- MSFT --- ORCL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Report: Apple launching three iPhones next year USA TODAY 10/26/2016 Brett Molina © Richard Vogel, AP The new Apple iPhone 7 does not include a headphone jack. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been available for a little more than a month, yet rumors continue to swirl about next year's smartphone. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% According to Nikkei Asian Review, Apple will launch three iPhone models next year, coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the company's flagship device. All three iPhones — sporting 4.7-, 5- and 5.5-inch touchscreens, will all feature glass backs, says the report. The tech giant is looking to recharge sales of the iPhone, which were down during Apple's fiscal fourth quarter. Apple also ended the fiscal year with its first decline in revenue since 2001. Shares of Apple slipped 2.7% in afternoon trading. iPhone coverage: Ask Matt: Has Apple and the iPhone peaked? Apple had used glass back on earlier models of the iPhone before switching to an aluminum back with the launch of the iPhone 5 in 2012. Apple reported fourth-quarter iPhone shipments of 45.5 million, down 5% from the 48 million shipped a year ago. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY SEC Chair Mary Jo White to step down USA TODAY Tenn. senator, professor clash on hiking trail over Trump USA TODAY Coyotes' new arena could be big win for fans USA TODAY Trump speaks with Putin by phone USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close mixed amid economic data and earnings CNBC 10/26/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Something wrong with market? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data.  The Dow rose 30 points after dropping 106 points at session lows, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 41 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 17 points off the index. Quotes in the article The Carlyle Group LP CG ▲ 15.75 +0.30 +1.94% AllianceBernstein Holding LP AB ▲ 23.85 +0.75 +3.25% Biogen Inc BIIB ▲ 321.49 +2.31 +0.72% Coca-Cola Co KO ▲ 41.17 +0.14 +0.34% The S&P 500 momentarily eked above break-even before closing 0.17 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.3 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.63 percent as Apple shed more than 2 percent. US crude settled down 1.6% at $49.18 after the Energy Information Administration reported a drawdown of nearly 600,000 barrels. Oil prices had also fallen earlier on the back of bearish supply data from the American Petroleum Institute. Apple posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit Tuesday after the close, but fell just shy of expectations on sales. The company's cash hoard also hit a record of $238 billion. "It looked like a good quarter, but obviously there were some things that investors didn't like, particularly the fall in its China business," said Trip Miller, managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners. He also said, as an investor in the company, he'd like to see Apple diversify its revenue stream. "I just wonder how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. He also said he'd like to see the company diversify its revenue streamline " I just don't know how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Meanwhile, Boeing and Coca-Cola, two other Dow components, posted results Wednesday that beat estimates on both the top and bottom line. Other firms that reported Wednesday include Six Flags, Mondelez and Biogen. "Things have softened up a bit, but I think it will continue to be a net positive quarter for earnings" relative to expectations, said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. In economic news, the October services PMI index jumped to 54.8 from 52.3, while new home sales rose 3.1 percent in September. Mortgage applications fell 4.1 percent last week, despite lower mortgage rates. Economic data have been in focus for investors as the Federal Reserve is scheduled to meet next week. While the central bank is not expected to make any changes to its monetary policy during that meeting, it is largely expected to raise interest rates in December. U.S. Treasurys fell on Wednesday, with the two-year note yield near 0.87 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield around 1.78 percent. "We can continue to analyze earnings and the economic fundamentals every which way to try to figure out where stocks go but let's be honest, it's all about where rates go in the monetary world we live in," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note. The U.S. dollar fell against a basket of currencies a day after hitting its highest level since February, with the euro near $1.094 and the yen around 104.09. Overseas, European equities were dragged lower by falling oil prices, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index dropping 0.81 percent. In Asia-Pacific, stocks were lead lower by Australian shares, as the ASX 200 fell 1.53 percent. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Why I still pine for iMessage on Android Opinion Anna Scantlin Contributing Editor | October 26, 2016 56 shares 40 14 0 2 0 0 0 0 0               Anytime I see an article that even gives a slight glimmer of hope that iMessage might someday become available for Android users, I glom onto it. I don’t necessarily want to glom onto it, but with Google’s apparent inability to create and maintain a solid messaging system for Android users, I can’t help but wish that the Apple gods would have mercy on us with such a valuable gift. I find that I'm having such feelings again today as rumors surface that Apple has at least made mockups of what iMessage might look like on Android, which means that it's possible that they've potentially entertained the idea. Honestly, when I think back on it I do wonder what happened to Google in the messaging department. When Hangouts first debuted, I was elated. I thought it was awesome, and I loved using it. I was happy that I could use it as my default SMS app on my Android, and that I could still access it when I switched to the iPhone, and furthermore use it from my computer. But at some point, mysteriously, Hangouts stagnated. Updates were slow, promises were broken, and the app became buggy and started lagging. Eventually, I moved on from Hangouts and found other options that worked better. When I use an iOS device, iMessage always feels polished. iMessage has consistently worked and performed well. From iOS 5 to iOS 10, iMessage is still going stronger than ever. On the other end of the spectrum, I find that I'm not very happy with my Android messaging experience. My most recent switch to the Galaxy S7 back in May was particularly eye-opening to this issue as I struggled to find something I was happy with. I didn’t like Samsung’s stock messaging app. Hangouts wasn't any better, particularly now that Google appeared to be taking away more than it was giving. Not without options, as Android has a ton of third-party messengers available, I eventually settled on an app called Textra. Textra is a nice app, but I don’t find it to be nearly as useful as iMessage. Soon after my switch to the S7, Google announced that they were working on another new messaging app. Two, actually: Allo and Duo. While I found some of Allo and Duo’s features appealing, there were ultimately more things wrong with the apps than there were right. Take for instance the fact that they’re two separate apps. The concept of the two being separated takes away from convenience. Truly, though, my biggest problem is with Allo. Without proper SMS support, it’s useless to me aside from the Google Assistant, which is actually pretty cool. I’m done campaigning for Google’s latest and greatest messaging system. There's no trust that Google is going to maintain this one when it couldn’t maintain all of the others, and people are tired of buying into the hype. It’s either polished and then integrated on every Android device with SMS support, or it’s just not happening. Again. iMessage, on the other hand, already has the potential to hit it big with U.S. smartphone users. iMessage is a solid messaging platform that I would feel confident recruiting friends to use. Why? Because Apple has shown for the past 5 years that it’s committed to iMessage, and only iMessage. Unfortunately, Apple has also shown that it’s also committed to keeping iMessage on the iPhone, and understandably so. iMessage is often vocalized as being the main reason that many people stick with the iPhone. Still, I think that bringing iMessage to Android would build Apple's reputation up more than anything else. Would some people take the opportunity to switch to Android if iMessage were available on it? Sure. But I don’t think people would switch in droves. It’s not like the iPhone’s only redeeming feature is iMessage; iPhones are great phones. Android has a vast selection of great phones too, but its messaging system is extremely fragmented. Apple could boost its reputation by providing this valuable service where Android is obviously struggling. iMessage on Android will probably always be a pipe dream, but occasionally a teeny, tiny sliver of hope pops up that makes me think it’s possible. Source:  Forbes Opinion Google Apple Previous ArticleThe coolest gadget from this week: Microsoft's Surface Dial Next ArticleXiaomi brings us one step closer to a bezel-less future Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts T-Mobile wants you to bring the Google Pixel to its network, will give you $325 for doing so The coolest gadget from this week: Microsoft's Surface Dial BlackBerry Executive Says DTEK60 Comparable With iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL After Laying Off Employees, Twitter Announces the End of Vine View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Apple reportedly launching TV guide tomorrow without Netflix's support New, 26 comments A new form of universal search by Nick Statt@nickstatt Oct 26, 2016, 6:53pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple plans on unveiling its own version of a TV guide tomorrow during its Mac hardware event in Cupertino, California, according to Recode. The software will live on top of the Apple TV streaming box, as well as an app on iOS devices, to let users easily search and find shows and movies across a wide variety of apps. The guide will sync with supported streaming services, supposedly with a single login, and offer recommendations. One notable exception to the list of supported partners is Netflix, which Recode reports is not currently involved. For some time now, Apple has had its sights set on TV as the next big platform it wants to reinvent. However, the economical and logistical compromises required to strike deals with large media companies has proved more difficult than Apple executive realized. That means Apple’s plan to try an offer a skinny package similar to Sling TV and Sony’s PlayStation Vue has remained stalled in the negotiation stage, with Apple VP Eddy Cue unable to convince media conglomerates to allow Apple to do to TV what it did to music more than a decade ago. Apple wants to be at the center of people's TV viewing habits The next best thing, it seems, is a software overlay that effectively bypasses each individual company’s mobile app and over-the-top streaming service by treating a user’s subscriptions like a single library. That way, instead of traveling over to Hulu to watch The Daily Show or searching Netflix for Black Mirror, you would do so from Apple’s own guide. The company began putting in place the technical infrastructure for this plan in June during its WWDC conference, when it announced a single sign-on option for tvOS so customers don't have to continuously plug in different usernames and passwords. It all sounds like a more powerful form of universal search, yet it’s not clear at the moment how it will differ from the search option on Amazon’s Fire streaming devices. It’s also unclear why Netflix hasn’t offered its support, given how Netflix has in the past been a partner with Apple on Siri integration and other features. We’ll know more tomorrow when Apple reportedly shows it off during its Mac event. For more information, tune in tomorrow at 1PM ET/10AM PT to check out The Verge’s live blog and all the day's news and announcements from Cupertino. AppleTV OS update in June Source: Recode Via: USA Today Next Up In Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro HBO has renewed Westworld for a second season Predicting Westworld: so it’s Lost The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 4: Service The Martian VR Experience is coming to PSVR and Vive tomorrow Watch the first trailer for Disney's live-action Beauty and the Beast Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 2 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > You OK, Apple? As Windows 10 hits its stride… You OK, Apple? As Windows 10 hits its stride, MacOS is wheezing By Matt Smith — October 26, 2016 3:16 PM Subscribe to this topic Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends On June 10, 2013, Apple announced OS X 10.9 Mavericks, and for a moment it seemed the company was on the verge of using its success in smartphones and tablets to make Mac OS X the best desktop option. Unlike previous updates, Mavericks was free. It was also released just a year after OS X 10.8, and marked the beginning of a yearly update cadence. Microsoft, meanwhile, was struggling with Windows 8. The Windows 8.1 update was still underway, and wouldn’t be released until October 18 of 2013. Apple was moving quickly, nimbly, while the old-fashioned Redmond behemoth stumbled along. My, what a difference a few years can make. Everything you can do, I’ve already done I’ve already written about my disappointment with MacOS Sierra. The operating system’s headline feature, Siri, does something that Windows 10 has done since release – in a more limited, more confusing fashion. With Windows 10, Microsoft laid a solid foundation, one that simply exceeds the capability of MacOS. Microsoft didn’t talk much about its digital assistant at its October 26 event, because it didn’t have to. Cortana has been around for some time. Nor did the company speak at all about many of the features that make Windows 10 great. We heard only a little bit about notifications, and nothing at all about the taskbar, multi-tasking, or the start menu. And we didn’t have to. With Windows 10, Microsoft laid a solid foundation, one that simply exceeds the capability of MacOS. Putting that in place has allowed Windows to add capabilities that most of us never imagined we’d want. Pushing boundaries Touch is, of course, a key example. The mess that was Windows 8 convinced the world that touch is useless on the PC. But Microsoft didn’t give up. It trudged on, and now it’s working on programs like Paint 3D, a stylus and touch-capable application that will be bundled into the Windows Creator Update, and will help people of any experience level start working directly with 3D models and content. Related: Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event Is it a bit niche? Yes, it is. But it’s very useful to those who need it, or are interested in it. And it’s something that a Mac physically can’t do. Unless Apple surprises us with a touchscreen MacBook Pro tomorrow, only iOS will be able to answer. And that carries its own problems. Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends That’s just the beginning. Microsoft’s push towards 3D content creation in the Windows 10 Creators Update has an obvious goal, and that’s empowering augmented and virtual reality. Microsoft already told us that HoloLens compatibility is being built into Windows 10, a feature called Windows HoloGraphic. Now, we see that Microsoft is also considering how people will build content for an augmented or virtual reality experience. It’s Microsoft, not Apple, that’s building an ecosystem of hardware and software for augmented reality. Apple has not even touched that space. The Mac doesn’t work with virtual reality headsets, and most Macs aren’t fast enough to power them, anyway. Tim Cook has been praising the virtues of augmented reality on his interview circuit, but right now it’s Microsoft, not Apple, that’s building an ecosystem of hardware and software for it. Microsoft deserves a lot of credit. This is cutting-edge stuff. HoloLens has its problems, but it remains a unique proposition, even more so than virtual reality headsets. It’s like nothing we’ve ever seen before. Yet, at the same time, it’s being built in a way that could make it broadly usable by many people, with a variety of hardware. That’s just smart. Gaming is kind of a big deal, guys Touch and augmented reality aren’t the only gaps in the Mac’s armor, though. Microsoft also took aim at another that, though it might seem trivial, has become a serious pain for anyone who likes the Mac. The Mac doesn’t have game. Apple just doesn’t seem to care. Though it bizarrely talks up the Apple TV as a game console replacement (come on, guys, really?) it neglects making basic updates to Mac’s OpenGL support. Instead, Apple has decided to lean on Metal, its own API. That makes it easier for app developers to bring in games from iOS. But those, to be frank, aren’t the games Mac owners crave. Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends The result is obvious. Back in 2010, over 8 percent of Steam gamers were using Mac OS X. Today, that market share has shrunk to a mere 3.5 percent. And it’s no wonder. Well over half the most popular games on Steam don’t support MacOS. Blizzard, meanwhile, for the first time and years opted not to support MacOS with Overwatch. The game’s director, Jeff Kaplan, was blunt about it. When Polygon asked him about the lack of support, he said “with the technology behind Macs and the way Overwatch runs it’s just too challenging for us at this point to support it.” Mac’s market share on Steam has collapsed to just 3.5 percent. Translation? Macs are slow and their API support is bad, so we didn’t do it. Microsoft, meanwhile, is on the bleeding age. Gaming was a key pillar of its Windows 10 Creators Edition announcement. Gamers can tap directly into Microsoft’s Xbox service to stream content, voice chat with friends, or create tournaments. And then there’s Minecraft, which is being used as not just a game, but also a content creation platform for kids. Apple can only dream of offering the same. That matters. People don’t want to buy separate computers for work and play. They want one that can do everything they need. A Windows 10 device can be that. A Mac? Not so much. Sprinting ahead So, Windows 10 has support for features MacOS hasn’t even teased, and can play games that the Mac simply can’t run. That’s not great for Apple. And the timing couldn’t be worse. Apple just released its big update. For most people – those not in the beta program – MacOS Sierra is barely more than a month old. That means the next update is almost a year away. Aaron Cassara/Digital Trends Windows 10’s Creators Update doesn’t have a release date yet, but it’s slated for “early 2017.” And you don’t even need to wait until then. If you join the Windows Insider program, you can expect to see many of the relevant updates trickle out over the next few months. Worse still for Apple, Microsoft is likely planning two major Windows 10 updates in 2017. That means MacOS 10.13 might be released alongside a second Windows 10 update. Where does the Mac go from here? There’s a saving grace. Apple has an event scheduled tomorrow. There we’ll see new Mac hardware. I’m sure it will be good. In fact, it’ll probably be better than the hardware Microsoft showed today. While imaginative, the Surface line can be a bit unwieldy in actual use, and has been plagued with bugs. But this isn’t a battle of hardware. It’s a battle of operating systems. If MacOS falls too far behind, then people won’t want to use it, no matter how good the new MacBook is. Related: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review Perhaps Apple is okay with that. Mac is only 12 percent of the company, after all, and it’s be simpler for Apple if it could find some way to elevate iOS to replace the Mac, and indeed, the iPad Pro is already trying to do just that. That fact, however, isn’t going to bring peace of mind to Mac fans. Apple sorely needs to give its desktop operating system the attention it deserves. Today’s Microsoft is in finer form than ever in the company’s history, and its making Apple’s MacOS update pace – which, just a few years ago, felt lightning quick – is starting to feel sluggish. Also watch: Microsoft adds a robot guards, ushers in Sci-Fi apocalypse Please enable Javascript to watch this video
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 12 Google Pixel observations from an iPhone user [Video] Jeff Benjamin - 3 weeks ago @JeffBenjam Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google’s new flagship Pixel XL phone landed in my hands early Monday morning, and I’ve been taking it for a test drive ever since. I’m obviously someone who prefers Apple devices over Google devices, but this phone is so fascinating that I just had to try it. I should note that this isn’t a review — if you want a review you should definitely check out Stephen’s review over at 9to5Google — these are first impressions from an iPhone fan. Considering that the Pixel is the first real Google-branded smartphone, one that’s obviously meant to go toe-to-toe with Apple’s best offerings, I felt obligated to try it out. Here’s a brief look at a dozen of my initial thoughts. Unlimited full quality photo and video storage is awesome This is perhaps the Pixel’s most compelling feature: the ability to snap unlimited photos and videos, and simply not have to worry about cloud storage. As an iPhone user, iCloud Storage, or lack thereof, has to be one of the most frustrating elements of being in the iOS ecosystem. Google solves this issue by providing Pixel owners with unlimited cloud storage for photos and videos in full resolution. Apple could definitely learn something from Google’s approach here. No bloatware As an iPhone user, the concept of pre-installed bloatware is completely foreign (unless you count something like the Tips app), but people coming from Samsung phones and other Android OEMs will be happy to find a bloatware-free experience out of the box. The Pixel is as pure of an Android experience that one can come by, it’s running the latest version of Android Nougat, and will get a guaranteed two years of software updates and three years of security updates. If you’re looking for a Google touchstone device to compare to the iPhone, this is it. The Pixel is essentially Google’s “iPhone.” Hands-on with Google Pixel XL Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more videos Google Assistant If the Pixel is Google’s iPhone, then Google Assistant is the MountainView company’s version of Siri. Backed by Google’s impressive machine learning, it’s fast, capable, and can do most of what Siri can do — sometimes more. Stephen from 9to5Google summed it up well in his Pixel review: Think Apple’s Siri, but Assistant — in my experience — has far better word recognition and accuracy. And of course Google Assistant is powered by Google, so it has access to all kinds of information that Siri might not be able to grab for you. I definitely agree about the word recognition and accuracy. In my opinion, it’s what sets Google Assistant apart from Siri. Fast charging and battery Apple still ships its iPhones with wimpy 5w chargers that just barely get the job done. Google, on the other hand, ships the Pixel with an 18W charger, and features fast charging that will deliver a considerable amount of battery life in just 15 minutes. The 5.5″ iPhone 7 Plus ships with a 2,900 mAh battery, while the 5.5″ Pixel XL comes with a substantially bigger 3,450 mAh battery. The smaller iPhone and Pixel feature 1,960 and 2,770 mAh batteries respectively. That means that the smaller Pixel has almost as much battery capacity as the larger iPhone 7 Plus, with just a 130 mAh difference. AMOLED display Although the iPhone 7 Plus’ LCD screen is really good for an LCD display when it comes to contrast ratio, it still can’t compete with the inky black levels made possible by AMOLED displays. That said, the iPhone 7 display is brighter and is easier to read in direct sunlight. The Pixel features a higher resolution QHD display, but you’re probably not going to notice a difference between it and the iPhone 7 Plus’ Full HD display when used as a phone. When used in Google’s upcoming Daydream View VR headset, however, the extra resolution will pay dividends. Photos and videos Photos taken with the Pixel in well-lit environments look great and feature deep color saturation. The Pixel lacks OIS, but tries to make up for it with the so-called Electronic Image Stabilization for video. I found that EIS does a surprisingly good job of keeping 4K video nice and steady. The iPhone 7 Plus performs really well in low light environments, and the Pixel performed decently as well. I found that the Pixel’s photos featured more noise in low light conditions, which could be chalked up to the lack of OIS. The iPhone 7 also features a wider aperture, which help boost its performance in low light conditions. One of the most impressive aspects of the Pixel’s camera is its autofocus capability. The Pixel’s autofocus is absurdly quick, and this is an area where I feel the iPhone can still stand to make some improvements. In most cases, however, the photo and video experience was stellar for both devices. It’s easy to forget that you’re getting this level of photographic quality from a smartphone. Design and build Although you won’t find any HTC markings on the phone’s box, packaging or exterior, the Pixel is a product of the Taiwanese company that has been branded as a “Phone by Google,” If you’ve ever used an HTC 10, then there are some definite design cues that clue you in to the fact that the Pixel is made by HTC. The subtle chamfered edges on the front of the phone are a big giveaway, but other features, like the textured power button pay homage to classic HTC design. The front of the Pixel looks an awful lot like the front of an iPhone or iPod touch sans Home button, but the rear of the device mostly heads in a different direction. The upper portion of the rear of the Pixel is comprised of a glass accent panel, and there’s a fingerprint sensor found there as well. Then there’s is the bezel, which is accompanied by an egregiously large chin. Why is it there? Why is it so ridiculously big? The iPhone at least has a Home button as a built-in excuse, but the Google Pixel’s chin is just a big, empty, boring space. The answer, it seems, is that Google used an already-in-the-works HTC product, because it had to rush out the phone in a mere nine months. Fingerprint Sensor (Pixel Imprint) Google calls its fingerprint sensor Pixel Imprint. The sensor is located on the rear of the phone near the lower portion of the glass accent panel. The fingerprint sensor isn’t shared with a button, so it’s literally just a sensor and not much else. There is one cool “Move” feature that allows you to invoke the Notification Pane by swiping down on the sensor, but that’s about all as far as additional functionality is concerned. As someone with large hands and fingers, I’m not a huge fan of the placement of the sensor, as it requires me to adjust my grip slightly to interface with it. I do, however, appreciate how quickly the Pixel recognizes that your finger has been placed on the sensor, and how fast the phone unlocks. I’m also a big fan of the ability to set up multiple fingerprints during the initial phone setup process. Apple should give users the ability to configure multiple Touch ID fingerprints during iOS’ setup. Speaker After getting used to much-improved sound quality of the iPhone 7, listening to the single down-firing speaker on the Google Pixel seems like a big step backward. The Pixel’s single speaker is loud, but you miss out on stereo sound and a front-firing speaker. Water resistance The Pixel is not water resistant like the iPhone 7 is. It features an IP53 rating, which is basically for protection against splashes and spills, not full submersion. The reason for this is, as noted above, that the team behind the Pixel simply ran out of time. Again, the Pixel was produced within a very tight nine-month time window, which meant that some features, such as iPhone 7- like water resistance, had to be scrapped. That said, if this video is anything to go by, your Pixel will probably fare okay if it has a brief encounter with water. Pseudo-3D Touch 3D Touch really came into its own in the latest generation of iPhones. It’s a feature that I dismissed when it first debuted, but I’ve been using it constantly with the iPhone 7. The Pixel has its own pseudo-3D Touch, which is basically just a long-press, but it’s nothing compared to real force-sensitive 3D Touch with haptic feedback. I use 3D Touch all the time now, and it would be hard for me to adjust to using a phone without it. It would be like using a computer without right-click, although to a somewhat less drastic degree. Split Screen One of the cool things about Android Nougat is that it now supports native Split Screen mode. That means that apps that are designed to support the feature can be ran side by side in either portrait of landscape mode. On the larger 5.5″ Pixel XL, such a mode is very much appreciated. It’s a little cramped, but it’s nice to be able to keep up with your Twitter timeline and browse the web or watch a video at the same time. Conclusion The Pixel is a solid flagship smartphone that anyone deeply invested in the Google ecosystem should be proud of. It’s well designed, devoid of bloatware, and I should note that it’s also very fast. But it’s not a phone that would even make me think about switching from my iPhone 7. That’s not to say that that time will never come, it’s just that the Pixel isn’t yet that phone. This is only the first in a line of many Pixels, and I see Google significantly upping the ante now that its first white-labeled product has landed to largely positive reviews. At $649+, the Pixel isn’t compelling enough for curious iPhone owners to buy just to experiment with. But future iterations may be able to snag fence-dwellers since Google will have more time to plan and develop future models. Keep in mind that these are just my impressions after going hands-on with the Google Pixel for a little over 24 hours. For an Android user’s in-depth take, be sure to watch and read 9to5Google’s full Pixel review. The full Google Pixel review Guides Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Some great alternatives to the Apple Watch Nike+ band By Cody Lee, Oct 26, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments We were really bummed when we found out that the stylish fluoroelastomer bands shown with the Apple Watch Nike+ are exclusive to the model. This means that those of us who already own an Apple Watch can’t purchase these bands separately. Luckily, we were able to track down some Apple Watch bands on Amazon that take inspiration from the Nike band design. Obviously they aren’t made with the same quality or materials, but for those in search of alternatives, here are some good ones. Vitech Soft Silicone Apple Watch band These soft silicon bands from Vitech are probably my favorite. They look a lot like the Nike+ Apple Watch bands, are available for both 38mm and 42mm Watch sizes, and come in a multitude of colors. They are made of top quality TPU material and feature an innovative pin-and-tuck closure for a clean/safe fit. Unfortunately they aren’t shipping until November and there aren’t any user reviews to go off of—Vitech does, however, include a 12-month warranty. You can buy this Vitech silicone Apple Watch band for $21. Lamshaw Soft Silicone Apple Watch Sport Strap This Lamshaw Apple Watch band is fairly similar to the above Vitech. It too comes in multiple colors, is available for both 38mm and 42mm models, and is made of top quality TPU. As a plus, depending on which version of the band you choose, Lamshaw has some inventory ready to ship immediately. You can buy this Lamshaw silicon Apple Watch sport band for $19. EloBeth Sport Replacement Strap for Apple Watch I’m not familiar with the brand EloBeth, but a quick search reveals a number of accessories listed on Amazon—including many Apple Watch bands with 4 and 5 star ratings. It claims their Sport Replacement Strap is made from the same fluoroelastomer Apple uses and it features the familiar molded perforations as the Nike+ band. Comes in multiple sizes and colors, but doesn’t ship until November. You can buy the EloBeth Apple Watch sport replacement strap for $19. X4-TECH Soft Silicone Apple Watch Sport Strap This band from X4-Tech probably looks the least like Apple’s Nike+ band, but it’s close enough that it’s worth mentioning. And for what it’s worth it does have a 5-star rating based on a handful of early reviews. Features include quick release pins that make it easy to assemble and remove, and an adjustable buckle for secure fit. Available in multiple colors and for both 38mm and 42mm models. You can buy this X4-TECH soft silicon Apple Watch band for $20. OULUOQI Apple Watch Soft Silicone Sport Band Ouluoqi is a well-known name in the low-end, third-party watch band space. They typically offer solid products backed with an 18-month warranty where they will replace a bad with quality-related issues. This particular model looks a lot like Apple’s Nike+ band, and is available for both 38mm and 42mm Watch models. You can buy this Ouluoqi Apple Watch silicon band for $20. Know of a good Nike+ band alternative that we haven’t mentioned? Tell us about it in the comments below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Nike+ Run Club gains new features ahead of tomorrow’s launch of Apple Watch Nike+ Apple Watch Nike+ arrives Friday, October 28 Hands-on with exclusive Apple Watch Nike+ watch faces and complications Hands-on with Apple Watch Nike+ Related Topics Accessories, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Nike+, Band, Nike, Roundup, Sports Joseph Apodaca Great post. I’ve been wanting a band like this instead of the standard silicon band for workouts. Past0rB So how do actual owners get replacement Nike bands? Did I miss something here? Mine will be here tomorrow. I bought black/volt green but would also like to get black/grey. Seems odd I wouldn’t be able to purchase another Nike band.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PUMPED Here’s what you need to know after today’s big Microsoft event Written by Dave Gershgorn October 26, 2016 Panos Panay, vice president for Surface Computing at Microsoft, is perpetually pumped. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn October 26, 2016 For a firm that makes most of its money selling software and cloud services, Microsoft sure wants to look like a hardware company. Alongside new features for Windows 10, Microsoft execs spent more than an hour of the company’s event on Oct. 26 pitching new computers, VR headsets, and accessories focused on artists and designers. When it comes to Microsoft’s bottom line, hardware sales are just a drop in the bucket. And while niche-targeted products like creative-friendly desktops are unlikely to change that, new hardware puts the company right next to Apple in the headlines. They also paint a clear picture of the message Microsoft wants investors and consumers to hear: Macs are over, and PCs are once again for creative types. In a hardware landscape that has users living in fear of which port Apple will nix next, the strategy just might work. Surface Studio Today’s largest announcement was a 28″ 4K desktop PC called the Surface Studio. The Studio looks a lot like an angular iMac, except the computer’s touchscreen can swing down to rest on the desk at a 20-degree angle, which lets it function as a drawing tablet. The Studio screen works with the Surface Pen, as well as the new Surface Dial, a little knob that either sits alongside the computer to scroll through pen strokes or can be placed on the screen to bring up additional menus. Microsoft’s Surface Studio and Dial (Quartz/ Dave Gershgorn) Combined with a Pen and a Dial, Microsoft says Surface Studio is the best computer on the market for creative tasks. It’s being pitched at artists, architects, engineers, and anyone else who currently creates on the PC (or rather, anyone who makes a lot of money creating things on a PC, because the Studio starts at $2999). For that price, you’ll get an Intel i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 2GB Nvidia GPU. For Microsoft’s most powerful machine—Intel i7 processor, 32GB of RAM, and 4GB GPU—you’ll have to shell out $4199. The Studios are available in limited quantities for pre-order, and will ship in mid-December. Let’s be honest: Nobody is buying this computer for its specs. It’s a beautiful machine that just might be functional, and it natively works with a stylus and navigation dial. Microsoft also announced an update to the Surface Book, which costs $2300 for increased battery life and 2x speed. Windows 10 Creators Edition It looks like Windows 10 really is the last version of Windows. Instead of dealing with hassle of a new software launch, Microsoft is releasing a free update to the world’s most popular operating system, dubbed the Creators Edition. It will be officially available in the spring, but beta releases are coming as early as next week. The update contains two big changes worth noting: a messaging overhaul, and 3D everything. With messaging, Microsoft has chosen to put people first in their redesign. Instead of opening an email client or Skype, you’ll be able to pin individual people to the bottom taskbar. Clicking on them will bring up your preferred method of communicating with that person, making it easy to maintain multiple conversations and to quickly send files. Microsoft clearly has seen the success of Apple’s iMessage, and is also trying to imitate that. The Windows 10 update includes a new message-relay system that allows users to answer text messages from their Android or Windows phone, as Mac users can with iMessage. The update also gives a classic Windows program, Paint, a whole new look and skillset. The software, now named Paint 3D, will be able to create and manipulate 3D models, and integrate seamlessly with online repositories of models. Powerpoint will also be able to import 3D models, and transitions between slides can rotate and zoom to show different aspects of objects. This honestly looks pretty silly right now, and doesn’t make a lot of sense until you think about Microsoft’s long-term master plan: to lead the pack in VR and AR. Microsoft’s multiple realities The VR duopoly—a showdown between Oculus and Vive—is about to end. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, and Acer will all begin producing VR headsets that don’t require any kind of exterior sensor to function, called inside-out positional tracking. All new headsets should have positional tracking. (Quartz/ Dave Gershgorn) One unspecified headset was shown on stage today, in a demo where a model created in Paint 3D was brought into a virtual room. Microsoft seems to imagine each user having a personal room or set of rooms, analogous to a desktop. In the demo, soccer played on one wall, while apps were located on another alongside a shelf of digital toys. The 3D models also can be viewed through the HoloLens, which was briefly trotted out on stage but not given much time. Microsoft did not announce any expected release dates for the VR headsets, nor did they give additional information about a consumer HoloLens release. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Xiaomi’s edgeless ‘iPhone 8’ is nowhere near as impressive as you thought Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi, often referred to as the Apple of China, surprised the world on Tuesday with a brand new phone design. The Xiaomi Mi Max has an all-screen front side and a ceramic back, but the phone is labeled as a “concept” device. Xiaomi likely can’t make enough units to meet demand, and it probably announced the phone just so that it can one day say it beat Apple by more than a year with a device like this. Anyone following the smartphone business closely already knows that Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to feature new design with a screen that occupies most of the phone's front side. But it turns out that Xiaomi’s Mi Mix phone looks a lot better on paper than in real life when it comes to that edgeless design. DON’T MISS: iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for Sure, any smartphone still has to have an edge to encapsulate the screen — even if that edge is curved. And Xiaomi’s accomplishment here shouldn’t go unrecognized. But the fact remains that Xiaomi’s marketing images for the phone show a top and side bezels that are much thinner in drawings than they are on the actual product. Xiaomi is intentionally deceiving buyers. Anyone looking at the press images will expect something entirely different from what he or she will find in the box. Phone Arena’s comparison images show the differences between the advertised edge of the Mi Max and the bezels on the real product. xiaomi-mi-mix-bezel-thickness-2More xiaomi-mi-mix-bezel-thickness-1More Is Xiaomi taking its lead from Apple yet again? The real Apple is no stranger to bending reality like that. Apple was caught hiding the camera bump on the back of the iPhone 6 in its marketing images posted on its website soon after the iPhone 6 keynote was over more than two years ago. Trending right now: This is going to be the first problem that 2016 MacBook Pro buyers need to fix iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for The MacBook Pro won’t be the best new laptop tomorrow, I’m hoping See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple AirPods delayed: company needs ‘a little more time’ Brittany A. Roston - Oct 26, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you can’t wait to get ahold of Apple’s newly unveiled AirPods, we’ve got some bad news: the company has delayed their launching, citing a need to spend longer bringing them up to snuff. The exact reason for the delay isn’t clear, and could be more than any single thing. Regardless, don’t expect to get them this month. Apple didn’t state any sort of date or timeframe in which it plans to launch the product. 3.5 things to know about Apple’s AirPods The AirPods, of course, are Apple’s nifty looking and somewhat heavily mocked individual wireless earbuds, both of which exist separate from the other — that is, there’s no tether between the two. The AirPods were announced the same time as Apple’s new iPhone 7, which notably lacks a headphone jack. Per a statement made to TechCrunch, Apple won’t be releasing the AirPods when originally anticipated, instead delaying them an indefinite amount of time. An Apple spokesperson said, “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” This leaves everyone to speculate why they were delayed, though there’s no reason or even indication at this point, and so little reason to make assumptions. We’ve already taken the AirPods for a spin, so if you haven’t already, be sure to check out our hands-on to find out what the earbuds have to offer, and to see a gallery of both the AirPods and their case/charger. SOURCE: TechCrunch Story Timeline RIP iPhone 7 headphone jack: Welcome Apple AirPods Apple must take its iPhone 7 AirPods decision and run with it AirPods Strap will tie your wireless AirPods together with a wire Tags AirPodsAppleaudiohardware Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
clock menu more-arrow New York Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Neighborhoods Cities more Trending Topics For Sale in New York For Rent in New York Development  News House Calls Architecture Maps  Transportation Affordable Housing Celebrity Homes Neighborhoods Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Curbed.com Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ The Bronx News Bring an Apple Store to the Bronx, local officials say New, 2 comments Bronx officials note that all other boroughs have at least one Apple location while the Bronx is left out in the cold by Ameena Walker Oct 26, 2016, 5:41pm EDT tweet share pin Rec Curbed Flickr Pool/teekay72 With 10 locations in four boroughs, Apple has solidified its presence in New York City, but the Bronx isn’t happy that the revolutionary tech company hasn’t made plans to open a location in the slighted borough. In a letter penned to Apple CEO Tim Cook, 26 elected officials, including borough president Ruben Diaz, have made it known that they want in (h/t Metro). "[O]ur borough is the only one without a single Apple store," the letter states. "Few brands are as recognized and admired as Apple, and an ‘Apple Bronx’ location would be another signal to the world that the Bronx is open for business," it continues. The letter doesn’t explicitly spell out where this "Apple Bronx" should be stationed but it does go on to mention the vast amount of development that the borough has seen in the last seven years alone. "Since 2009 the Bronx has seen more than $9.493 million in total development in all categories, and 54 million square feet of new construction." They point to the recent opening of the Mall at Bay Plaza, the Hub/3rdAvenue, and construction at Fordham Road for further proof that the Bronx is worthy of Tim Cook’s consideration. Additionally, it points out that many Bronx residents are loyal Apple consumers and deserve to have an outpost in their own community. On its final note, the officials highlight that bringing an Apple store to the Bronx would not only offer residents new retail opportunities but would create jobs for the community before declaring "It is time for The Bronx to get its bite of the Apple!" in its final sentence. Next Up In News 5 places to see the supermoon in New York City Community members protest Nike’s new Soho superstore The 2016 Rockefeller Center Christmas tree has arrived in Midtown A 225-square-foot Greenpoint basement bedroom for work, life, and inventory Increased Trump Tower security causes headaches in Midtown Projected Brooklyn Bridge repair costs have more than doubled Trending Where to find affordable housing in NYC Controversial Brooklyn Heights megamansion reduces ask to $16M More in Trending This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Williamsburg NYC Development News Con Ed's Williamsburg waterfront site can't go residential, city says by Tanay Warerkar In October, the company listed a massive waterfront site in Williamsburg, and pointed to residential waterfront developments in the nearby area as an indicator of what might rise at this site. New, 2 comments 0 recs Upper East Side For Sale in NYC Palatial Upper East Side apartment with Met Museum views wants $29M by Ameena Walker This massive apartment has a total of 14 rooms and even an oval library. New, 2 comments 1 rec News 5 places to see tonight’s supermoon in New York City by Amy Plitt@CurbedNY The once-in-a-lifetime phenomenon will light up the NYC sky tonight. New, 0 comments 3 recs Staten Island NYC Construction News The New York Wheel’s 100-ton pedestals arrive on Staten Island by Rachel Sugar Bit by bit, the enormous observation wheel is coming together on Staten Island’s North Shore. New, 2 comments 3 recs Chelsea For Sale in NYC For $700,000, a small but charming Chelsea co-op by Amy Plitt@CurbedNY The fully-furnished one-bedroom has plenty of nice details New, 3 comments 3 recs Midtown NYC Hotels Waldorf Astoria's condo conversion will create 321 apartments by Tanay Warerkar The residential units start on the 14th floor of the building and go upwards. The top four floors of the building will have two apartments per floor, and the three floors below that will have four apartments per floor. New, 1 comment 3 recs Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved New York tweet share
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple AirPods: Apple says it needs 'more time' before selling new wireless earbuds Apple showed off what it calls ‘AirPods’ last month during a launch event for the iPhone 7, but now the company isn’t saying when they’ll be released Earth to Apple: wireless Airpod headphones are like a tampon without a string A pair of the new Apple AirPods are seen during a launch event on 7 September 2016 in San Francisco, California. Photograph: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Associated Press Wednesday 26 October 2016 19.02 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Apple says it needs “a little more time” before it starts selling the new wireless ear buds that are designed to work with its newest iPhones – the ones that don’t come with a dedicated headphone jack. The technology company showed off what it calls “AirPods” last month during a launch event for the iPhone 7 smartphones. The iPhones went on sale in late September, and Apple had said the AirPods would go on sale in late October. But now the Cupertino, California company isn’t saying when they’ll be released, or why it needs more time. iPhone users can still listen to audio on the new iPhones by using other wireless headsets or plugging into the phone’s charging port, although older headsets may need a plug adapter. At launch, Apple’s senior vice-president of marketing Phil Schiller declared the headphone jack to be “ancient” technology and promised that the earpods would deliver a “magical experience”. “It makes no sense to tether ourselves with cables to our mobile devices,” he said, discretely acknowledging criticism at the removal of the headphone port by saying that it took “courage” for Apple to “move on to do something that betters all of us”. Apple’s decision was widely debated by users, many of whom felt that wireless headphones were less convenient and practical than their wired counterparts. Wireless headphones need regular charging and the tiny AirPods could fall out and, without the wire as a lifeline, easily get lost. At the same time, those wanting to continue to use their old headphones can do so using a free adapter that plugs into the iPhone’s Lightning port, although that does mean the user can’t listen to music or podcasts while the device is charging. Tech analyst Paul Erickson at IHS Technology suggested that the decision to remove the headphone jack was motivated by money. “It should be noted that wireless models are the highest revenue-generating products within the headphone market,” he told the Financial Times. The decision to delay the launch of the “magical” $159 wireless headphones comes the day after Apple reported its first decline in annual sales and profit in 15 years. More news Topics Apple Smartphones iPhone Headphones iPhone 7 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Apple has a blip and the world wobbles. Why? John Naughton Apple has published its latest quarterly figures and the doomsayers are again questioning its future. They should look at the facts Published: 30 Oct 2016 Apple has a blip and the world wobbles. Why? Brexit hits Apple Mac customers hard as prices rise by up to £500 Published: 28 Oct 2016 Brexit hits Apple Mac customers hard as prices rise by up to £500 Apple launch event: rumours, leaks and new MacBook Pros Published: 27 Oct 2016 Apple launch event: rumours, leaks and new MacBook Pros Do you want your shower to help Russian hackers? John Naughton Published: 23 Oct 2016 Do you want your shower to help Russian hackers? Machine learning: why we mustn’t be slaves to the algorithm John Naughton Published: 16 Oct 2016 Machine learning: why we mustn’t be slaves to the algorithm most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Why buy a new iPhone when you can dress your old one to look like the 7? Some fans are apparently buying kits online to mask older models in new iPhone garb. James Martin/CNET Why buy a new iPhone when you can dress your old one to look like the 7? 0 Share: Mobile by Gordon Gottsegen October 26, 2016 1:54 PM PDT Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech If you couldn't justify spending the money to replace your old iPhone with an iPhone 7, you're not alone. And if you feel somewhat left out because of it, you're also not alone. Giving your old phones an iPhone 7 makeover is reportedly on the rise in China. Are you jealous of that jet black, but not jealous enough to buy the real thing?Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET The trend, first reported by Reuters, sees iPhone loyalists turning to online makeover kits and services to make their phones look new. Apple products are expensive in China, where Apple still struggles to break into the mainstream amid a multitude of cheaper competitors. A new black 128GB iPhone 7 costs about 7,094 yuan including VAT and other taxes, which roughly equates to $1,050. The same model would sell for $749 from the US Apple store. A quick search on Chinese online retailer Taobao shows stock for fake, unauthorized casings you can fit over an old phone to give it the appearance of the latest Apple phone, and other iPhone 7 lookalike products. For example, you can buy a fake jet-black iPhone 7 display model for 25 yuan, and potentially swap out the casing for much less. Apple did not respond to CNET's request for comment. There are a few ways to read the trend. One is Reuters' way, which suggests lower sales as a result of this tactic. On the other hand, putting in the effort to disguise a phone as an iPhone 7 proves customers' brand loyalty and props up Apple as a status symbol. Besides, not all consumers upgrade their phones every year. In skipping a generation, Apple customers could be holding out for next year's release. Tags Apple Mobile 9 Design 8 Features 9 Performance 9 Camera CNET Review Apple iPhone 7 Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including water resistance, a better camera and even improved battery life. But there is one thing missing. $649.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 14 Comedian Bill Maher introduces Apple's stunning new gun Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda Nov 14 Apple Pay taps into charitable donations All Apple Stories Related Stories You can now get rewards for using Samsung Pay Apple Pay taps into charitable donations Facebook wants to help improve Messenger bots Newegg's Black Friday deals start November 21 Close   Discuss: Why buy a new iPhone when you can dress your... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One News 2016-11-14 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression Opinion 2016-11-14 Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Expected To Release Three Different Sizes Mobile 2 0 0 October 26, 2016 iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Expected To Release Three Different Sizes Kris Holt Hold on to your hats, Apple fans. The latest iPhone 8 rumors suggest you’ll have three brand new handsets to choose from in 2017. Next year marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, and after a lackluster response to the iPhone 7 and sales that might not have lived up to the company’s expectations, reports suggest that Apple is planning a complete redesign of its iconic smartphone. The iPhone 8 will be available in models with 5.5-inch, 5-inch, and 4.7-inch screens, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. Each of the iPhone handsets will reportedly have glass backs in addition to glass fronts. The report suggests that Chinese companies Biel Crystal Manufactory and Lens Technology will make the new iPhone, which could signal that Apple is shifting away from having Foxconn as its main phone manufacturer. However, Nikkei’s source suggested that these are early plans, and things might change. Report says iPhone 8 will come in three sizes, all with glass backs: Now that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are out… https://t.co/mUg1BuM46M — Bazinga! (@technocturnal) October 26, 2016 Rumors have swirled for some time that Apple was planning a major overhaul of the iPhone in 2017 to celebrate the smartphone’s decade of existence. The company might have further impetus to make major changes to the iPhone after posting its first decline in sales since 2001, as the Inquisitr reported. The iPhone 7, which Apple released in September, was widely criticized for being too similar to previous versions and not having enough fresh features. The main difference between iPhone 7 and previous versions of the iPhone was the inclusion of a second rear-facing camera lens, but Apple only adopted that in the iPhone 7 Plus. There’s further motivation for Apple to create an iPhone 8 that really captures the customers’ attention as phone owners start to shift away from Samsung. The Android smartphone manufacturer has had a terrible last few months after many reports of Galaxy Note 7 handsets exploding or catching fire, leading to Samsung issuing a mass recall and deciding to stop making those phones altogether. This iPhone skin transforms your phone into an exploded Galaxy Note 7 https://t.co/MRTSeMAZSD pic.twitter.com/0xjSNkbSWJ — Gizmodo (@Gizmodo) October 25, 2016 That means there could be a lot of people looking for a new phone over the next year, and more Android fans willing to make the switch to iPhone. That is, as long as Apple can deliver enough incentive for them to make the switch with a more exciting iPhone than it’s offered recently. Previous rumors suggested that the 5.5-inch iPhone 8 will have a curved OLED (organic light-emitting diode) display while the other two will remain with the polysilicon panels that the iPhone 7 uses. It’s also possible that the iPhone 8 will take advantage of wireless charging, a feature that many Android manufacturers have had in their phones for years. A glossy design is something that Apple had already experimented with in the jet-black iPhone 7 Plus. Customers have had difficulty obtaining one of that particular iPhone models as it has been in short supply. That could suggest that a glossy iPhone design is something Apple fans are looking for, especially since it’s available in many Samsung phones. #ICYMI: The iPhone 8 could pair with mixed reality glasses, according to @Scobleizer https://t.co/lAm0tRYD1N by @pasha_spider pic.twitter.com/yX8QZxNMe3 — Geektime (@geektime) October 26, 2016 A glossy iPhone design could have a second purpose beyond the merely aesthetic, according to Robert Scoble, UploadVR’s entrepreneur-in-residence. He suggested that a clear glass iPhone might include eye sensors that could combine with a virtual reality headset and project holograms into the real world much like the Microsoft Hololens does. Scoble also claimed that Apple would hide the battery and antennas around the edges of the iPhone 8 screen. Virtual reality and augmented reality have to be in consideration for Apple when Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Google Cardboard, Samsung Gear VR, and Sony Playstation VR have all struggled to sell more than a million units, according to Scoble, meaning that there are a lot of people Apple can reach with its own VR or AR efforts in the next iPhone. In any case, it appears the mill of iPhone 8 rumors will keep on churning until Apple announces its next set of smartphones, which will probably take place next September. [Featured Image by Kiichiro Sato/AP Photo] Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kris Holt Tags: Apple, iphone, iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Hot Car Death Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member Final Vote Count 2016: Donald Trump’s Popular Vote And Electoral College Votes Wins Election Over Hillary Clinton Claims Twitter Rumor Will One Direction’s Harry Styles Choose Kendall Jenner Or Suki Waterhouse: The Three Romances of A 1D Superstar Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.3k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event 1 0 0 Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member 1 0 0 Final Vote Count 2016: Donald Trump’s Popular Vote And Electoral College Votes Wins Election Over Hillary Clinton Claims Twitter Rumor 0 0 0 Will One Direction’s Harry Styles Choose Kendall Jenner Or Suki Waterhouse: The Three Romances of A 1D Superstar 14 0 0 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] 2 0 0 ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Delays AirPods Wireless Headphones Announced With iPhone 7 Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman and Alex Webb @atbwebb More stories by Alex Webb October 26, 2016 — 4:08 PM EDT October 26, 2016 — 4:53 PM EDT $159 accessory was planned to go on sale in late October Company says it needs ‘a little more time’ to ready device An attendee wears the Apple Inc. AirPod wireless headphones during an event in San Francisco on Sept. 7, 2016. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg Apple Inc. announced that its anticipated AirPods, a pair of wireless headphones, will no longer ship this month as planned. The AirPods were introduced in September alongside the iPhone 7, which was designed without a standard headphone jack. “We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,” Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said Wednesday. Apple didn’t provide a technical reason for the delay nor a new shipping date. The delay comes on the eve of Apple’s scheduled Thursday event for its updated Mac computer line, when the AirPods’ availability also was expected to be announced. The AirPods delay is the first hardware-related postponement in more than five years from the Cupertino, California-based company. A version of the iPhone 4 in the color white was announced in June 2010, but didn’t ship to customers until April 2011 because of a production problem. On the software side, Apple delayed the release of iTunes 11 in 2012 by a month to fix bugs. Reviews of pre-production models of the AirPods suggested the device needed fine-tuning. “During my testing one of the AirPods had trouble holding a charge, so Apple swapped it out,” Walt Mossberg, of the technology website The Verge, wrote in September. Other reviewers noticed problems with music playback, a key feature of the AirPods. The introduction of the product spurred criticism that the cordless earphones could easily be lost. Comedian Conan O’Brien mocked the device with a spoof of an iPod ad that showed people dancing and the AirPods flying out their ears into a sewage drain. The device is planned as part of a growing number of accessories that work around Apple’s most important product, the iPhone. Chief Design Officer Jony Ive last month referred to the AirPods as the start of a new wireless future for the company. The $159 accessory comes with a charging case that doubles as a mechanism to initially pair the headphones to the iPhone. With iCloud, the AirPods can automatically be matched with other Apple devices like computers and watches. Watch Next: Will Apple Alienate Users With AirPods? Will Apple Alienate Users With AirPods? Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Don't Complain That the Polls Were Wrong Mnuchin Said to Be Top Treasury Pick Among Trump’s Advisers World’s Biggest Real Estate Binge Is Coming to a City Near You Goldman Sees the Possibility of Stagflation Under Trump Presidency Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 78° 78° Low 59° High 83° Tue 58° 79° Wed 53° 72° Thu 50° 73° See complete forecast Apple Delays AirPods Launch 1 Day Before MacBook Event Posted 3:07 PM, October 26, 2016, by CNN Wire, Updated at 03:08pm, October 26, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email A pair of the new Apple AirPods are seen during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Credit: Stephen Lam/Getty Images) × Apple Delays AirPods Launch 1 Day Before MacBook Event A pair of the new Apple AirPods are seen during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Credit: Stephen Lam/Getty Images) This won’t be music to the ears of Apple fans. The company is delaying the launch of AirPods, its wireless earbuds designed for the iPhone. Apple, which first showed off the accessory in September, said on Wednesday it’s not quite ready for prime time. The news comes just one day before Apple’s MacBook event in San Francisco, where it was widely believed the AirPods would get a launch date. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible,” a spokeswoman for Apple said in a statement to CNNMoney. “We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” The AirPods ($159) look like classic white EarPods but connect to products without a cord. With the removal of the headphone jack on the new iPhone 7 smartphones, Apple is pushing the AirPods as the future of wireless earbuds. The technology features a built-in microphone for Siri voice commands and phone calls, with sensors that know when they’re inside your ears. Apple declined to elaborate on why it needs more time. But perhaps we’ll learn more on stage at its Mac event on Thursday. 37.774929 -122.419416 Filed in: Nation/World Topics: airpods, apple Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Twitter Popular Protesters March Through Los Angeles in Fourth Night of Anti-Trump Demonstrations Security Cameras Capture Anaheim Mother and 2-Year-Old Son Attacked by 2 Dogs Ku Klux Klan to Hold Donald Trump Victory Parade in North Carolina Last-Ditch Effort Underway to Elect Hillary Clinton, Block Donald Trump Presidency Latest News Businessman E.J. Jackson, Known for Annual South L.A. Thanksgiving Meal Giveaways, Laid to Rest Dodgers’ Corey Seager Named NL Rookie of the Year Putin Speaks on Phone With Trump, Who Sees ‘Strong and Enduring Relationship With Russia’ Police: Man Arrested for Attempted Murder, Stabbing Person With Ice Pick During Domestic Dispute in Fountain Valley Nation/World Technology Apple Eliminates Headphone Jack on iPhone 7, Offers Wireless Headphones for $159 Technology Hands on with the iPhone 7 Nation/World The iPhone 7 Hits Stores; Some Models Already Sold Out Local News Apple Has Already Sold Out of the Jet Black iPhone 7 Technology iPhone 7 Launches with Enthusiasm but Lighter Lines Nation/World Apple Unveils Water Resistant iPhone 7 Nation/World New iPhone Malware Allows Attackers to Access Camera, Location; Intercept Texts; See Passwords; Record Phone Calls Technology Apple Watch Series 2 Review: A Worthy iPhone Companion Technology Apple’s Newest iPhone Expected to Be Announced Today Technology New Laptops from Apple, Microsoft and HP Technology Budget Friendly Mi Box Appeals to Cord Cutters Nation/World Technology Super Mario Coming to Apple’s App Store This Year, Nintendo Announces Morning News AT&T, Time Warner Agree on $85 Billion Deal to Merge Companies Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to use Live Tune-In feature on Apple TV By Christian Zibreg, Oct 26, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments The fourth-generation Apple TV allows you to begin watching a live channel immediately, simply by asking Siri. Called Live Tune-In, this feature works with supported video-streaming apps that provide live TV functionality. With it, you can quickly pop into a live news broadcast on CNN or a live game on ESPN without manually launching apps or navigating menus. In other words, Live Tune-In makes your Apple TV behave more like a conventional TV. Telling Siri to go to a live channel couldn’t be easier, as this quick tutorial attests. Live Tune-In system requirements Live Tune-In requires the following: 4th generation Apple TV with Siri Remote or the free Apple TV Remote app tvOS 9.2 or greater US App Store account Internet connection Video-streaming apps that feature built-in support for Live Tune-In In order to use Live Tune-In with a compatible live-streaming app, you must already be subscribed to the service in question. As you can see on the screenshot below, tvOS 9.2’s “What’s New” splash screen promoted Live Tune-In. tvOS 9.2 was released in March 2016. Live Tune-In is available in the United States only. Using Live Tune-In in an unsupported country Readers who don’t live in U.S. may be able to use Live Tune-In if they’re logged in to the tvOS App Store with a U.S. account and set regional settings on their Apple TV to “United States” and Siri settings to “English (United States”). How does Live Tune-In work? A tvOS app that offers 24/7 streams based on HTTP Live Streaming and FairPlay Streaming—regardless of whether they’re available for free to all users or with paid subscriptions—can optionally offer Live Tune-In functionality. Assuming a developer has implemented support for Live Tune-In in their app, a user can invoke Siri and simply say aloud what channel they’d like to watch live. How to use Live Tune-In This is how you can jump straight into the live TV feeds of select apps. 1) Press and hold the Siri button on your Siri Remote or tap the Siri icon in the Apple TV Remote app on your iOS device, then say: “Watch [APP NAME] live”. 2) Let go of the button. For example, if you have CBS app on your device you would simply say “Watch CBS live” to start watching their live TV programming, as shown below. Or maybe you installed ESPN’s Apple TV app and wanted to jump straight to their live feed? In that case, you’d tell Siri that you wanted to “Watch ESPN live”. To confirm that the video currently being watched is a live broadcast, swipe down on the Siri Remote’s Touch surface to reveal a menu at the top, then highlight the Info option. You should see “Live” in the menu if the video is a live broadcast. Notable apps that support Live Tune-In As mentioned, video-streaming apps that contain live feeds don’t automatically gain Live Tune-In functionality: developers must specifically implement the feature. At the time of this writing, the following apps supported Live Tune-In: ABC News CBS CBS News CNN Go Cooking Channel Disney Channel Disney Jr Disney XD DIY ESPN Food Network FXNOW HGTV Travel Channel Apple maintains a regularly refreshed list of Live Tune-In-compatible apps for the fourth-generation Apple TV in a support document on its website. Live streaming and Single Sign-On Keep in mind that in most cases live-streaming of premium video content requires signing in with your cable or satellite credentials, with the exception of services that offer online-only subscriptions, such as HBO NOW. Signing into multiple apps or authenticating by typing an alphanumeric code into a browser will soon become a thing of the past thanks to another Apple TV feature. They’re calling it Single Sign-On and it’s coming later this year. With it, you’ll manage access credentials for video-streaming apps in one central location to have tvOS automatically sign you into apps that support Single Sign-On. The interface will display a list of Single Sign-On apps based on your saved credentials and the tvOS App Store will promote and highlight them as well. Single Sign-On will be coming to the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch in a future update, Apple has confirmed. Meet us in comments Have you used Live Tune-In yet? If so, what did you think of it? I use it with CNN Go and CBS All Access on a daily basis and boy does a simple option like this make a difference: with Live Tune-In, the Apple TV feels more like a conventional TV more than it ever has in the past. I’m also looking forward to Single Sign-On because typing my credentials into apps like HBO NOW and Netflix over and over again really annoys me. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to enable Automatic Downloads for Apple TV apps How to enable Dark Mode on Apple TV How to adjust streaming resolution for iTunes movies and TV shows on your Apple TV How to snap Picture-in-Picture videos anywhere on your Mac Related Topics Apple, Apple TV, Apple TV 4, Apple TV Tips, Guide, How to, Live, Tips, Tricks, Tutorial, Video James G Works great…when it works. Waiting for SSO and hope this tune in comes to iOS. -= J$@ =- This would be cool if Channels app (in conjunction with HDHomerun) supported this feature!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple MacBook Pro leaked images confirm Magic Toolbar Apple MacBook Pro leaked images confirm Magic Toolbar By Bindu Nair - Oct 26, 2016 The latest macOS Sierra update which came out recently holds a big surprise hidden within its depths, revealing a pair of images depicting a laptop which are very likely the highly-awaited revamped MacBook Pro. The fact that the photos were sourced from Apple itself definitely adds a layer of authenticity to the pictures. The accidental leak appears to confirm the presence of an OLED touch bar above the keyboard instead of the standard physical function keys. The innovative piece of hardware is apparently called the Magic Toolbar, in line with past Apple naming schemes like Magic Mouse, Magic Keyboard, and Magic Trackpad. Based on the images, the Magic Toolbar will present choices based on a user’s activities. An Apple Pay transaction can be seen on the main screen. Accordingly, the smaller screen displays options like cancel and asks the person to pay for their purchase using Touch ID. Also Read: New MacBooks coming out on Oct 27, iMac and 5K display in 2017 Touch ID appears to be integrated into a practically-invisible power button located at the end of the strip. Other than these cool new features, the redone MacBook Pro still looks similar to its predecessors in these photos. Noteworthy changes include speakers located along either side of the keyboard and smaller bezels. MacRumors thinks the laptop in the pictures is the 13-inch MacBook Pro and notes that the redesigned hinge could be a hint that the new device will be much thinner than before. Furthermore, the appearance of flatter keys could indicate that Apple is looking to adopt the Retina MacBook’s butterfly mechanism. Apple is expected to announce the new MacBook Pro and MacBook Air at a huge event on October 27. SOURCEMacRumors TAGS apple MacBook Air MacBook Pro Magic Toolbar SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBlackBerry DTEK60 goes official with Snapdragon 820 SoC, 21MP camera Next articleXiaomi Mi Note 2, Mi Mix are not coming to India Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Apple to launch bezel-less 10.9-inch iPad Apple’s AirPods may go up for sale next week 246,416FansLike 13,721FollowersFollow 12,846SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More 9 Awesome iPhone 8 Concepts Sohil Nikam - Nov 14, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T gets leaked ahead of launch Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 AI-infused Google Play Music now recommends songs based on you activities Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A long-time Apple PR executive has a new job leading communications at SurveyMonkey Steve Kovach Oct. 26, 2016, 5:16 PM 2,940 facebook linkedin twitter email print Teresa Brewer Teresa Brewer, a former Apple public relations executive, told Business Insider she has a new job as the head of communications at SurveyMonkey. She'll lead internal and external communications for SurveyMonkey and starts October 31. Brewer had worked in communications at Apple since 2004 and left in July of this year. She led all communications for the iPhone, managing everything from press reviews to the product's global expansion over the years. Before Apple, she worked in communications at Sony. She was also number 9 on Business Insider's 2015 list of the top 50 people in tech PR. Brewer was one of several key recent departures on the Apple PR team, including Natalie Kerris, who left last year and briefly ran communications at Twitter. SurveyMonkey lets you make customizable surveys for things like market research, education, or anything else. The company also conducted several polls for this year's presidential election. NOW WATCH: How the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years Loading video... More: Apple Survey Monkey Public Relations Teresa Brewer facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A long-time Apple PR executive has a new job leading communications at SurveyMonkey A long-time Apple PR executive has a new job leading communications at SurveyMonkey Teresa Brewer, a former Apple public relations... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple delays AirPods launch – The Verge Posted on October 26, 2016 by The Verge Apple is delaying the launch of its first pair of wireless headphones, the AirPods, which were supposed to come out sometime this month. In a statement, first given to TechCrunch, Apple says that it “need[s] a little more time before AirPods are ready … Apple’s wireless AirPods hit delays, won’t meet October launch windowAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Everything you need to know about Apple’s AirPodsDigital Trends Why Apple’s Newest Product Is Now DelayedFortune BGR -Mac Rumors -TechCrunch -Bloomberg all 25 news articles …read more wrote 21357 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News New MacBook Pro Reviews: Should You Gamble On The Controversial Touch Bar? – Forbes Google also gets fooled by fake election news – Washington Post Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts – The Verge What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes – The Verge MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Surface Studio vs. iMac 5K: Can Microsoft Make a Dent Against Apple? Apple has a price advantage for now, but Microsoft's new product is well differentiated. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 26, 2016 at 4:42PM Surface Studio. Image source: Microsoft. As expected, today Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled a new all-in-one (AIO) Surface PC that looks exactly like the drawings from a patent application that Microsoft scored earlier this year. Dubbed Surface Studio, the company is hoping to challenge Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) flagship iMac 5K in the AIO market, and the Surface Studio is very much positioned for creativity. The new Windows 10 update focuses heavily on new features intended for the creative market. Let's see how Microsoft's new device stands up. Calling all creative professionals The big differentiator with Surface Studio is the built-in hinge that allows the display to articulate into different positions, primarily to allow users to draw on the display horizontally. That includes support for the Surface Pen stylus as well as a brand-new accessory that Microsoft is introducing called Surface Dial, which is a small puck-shaped knob that can be used either on the desk or directly on the display (compatible with other Surface devices as well). Here are just a few basic specs. Spec iMac 5K Surface Studio Display size (diagonal) 27-inch Retina Display 28-inch PixelSense Display Resolution 5,120 x 2,880 (218 PPI) 4,500 x 3,000 (192 PPI) Processor Intel sixth-generation Core i5 or i7 (Skylake) Intel sixth-generation Core i5 or i7 (Skylake) Touchscreen No Yes Operating system macOS Sierra Windows 10 Starting price $1,799 $2,999 Data sources: Company websites. PPI = pixels per inch. The biggest difference that stands out is the price point. Microsoft is asking quite a bit for Surface Studio at $2,999. So much that you could even say that Microsoft hopes to compete with Apple's Mac Pro professional desktop, which starts at the same price (except the Mac Pro doesn't come with a display or input devices). iMac 5K. Image source: Apple. This price difference is partially a function of time on the market. Apple first introduced the 5K version in 2014 and it started at $2,499. Like all tech gadgets, prices come down over time alongside costs, so Apple's price advantage is just because it moved first. While Apple aggressively targets the creative professional market in many ways, Surface Studio is making a compelling pitch to win over creative pros. The iPad Pros are Apple's products that allow stylus input and drawing, but a full-blown PC offers greater productivity. Overall, Surface Studio looks like a strong AIO PC, and it will only get stronger over time once prices inevitably come down. Microsoft continues to make progress with its Surface business. Revenue jumped 38% last quarter to nearly $920 million, which the company attributed largely to a higher mix of premium devices. Apple stopped breaking out Mac sales by laptops and desktops, but it did generate $5.7 billion in revenue last quarter in the overall Mac business. Even though Microsoft remains a small player in the global PC market in terms of units, it's definitely making a name for itself in quality hardware. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 4:42PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.12 down $0.90 (-1.52%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The MacBook Pro won’t be the best new laptop tomorrow, I’m hoping Chris Mills BGR NewsOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple is virtually guaranteed to release two new MacBook Pros tomorrow. This is a good thing, because the MacBook Pro lineup is in dire need of an update. Adding an OLED touch panel and a Touch ID sensor is a smart move, even if I am going to be left fidgeting for an Escape key for the rest of my life. But good or not, the MacBook Pro isn't the new laptop to get excited about. That would be the refreshed MacBook Air, which, like a tiny spoiled child before Christmas, I'm hoping appears under Santa Cook's tree tomorrow. DON'T MISS: The iPhone 7 Plus Portrait Mode keeps screwing up I'll always have a soft spot for the MacBook Air. It was the first Apple laptop I owned, the first laptop I bought with my own money, and the much-needed replacement for an Acer laptop that got RMAed three times in four months. It seemed unrealistically thin to do any serious work, and way too fragile to survive falls. But even without discrete graphics, it flew through web browsers and Photoshop without stopping, or dying from low battery for that. Basically, it was the perfect laptop for everyone. Unfortunately, that Haswell i5-powered 2013 MacBook Air was the last Air to get any serious updates from Apple. For the last three years, Apple's engineers have begrudgingly shoved a new Intel processor in every year, but the rest of the specs have gone to hell. 12045227_10153727254528274_2552999612343239214_oMore Windows manufacturers are putting out laptops that are smaller, have bigger batteries, retina displays and zero bezel. In Air-town, we've still got a 1440 x 900 display surrounded by a small field of bezel and Apple's old-skool touchpad. The price hasn't even gone down, and I've started telling people to spend the tiny bit extra and buy a 13-inch Pro instead. But it really wouldn't take much to make the Air the king of laptops again. Shrink the chassis down so it just accommodates the new 1080p display you're going to fit, chuck in some USB-C ports for good measure, and don't dare touch my SD card reader or HDMI port. Do all of that, upgrade the guts, keep the price the same, and Apple will have a winner on its hands. I know, I know. Things have changed since 2013, and Apple wants people to buy the Retina MacBook. It's cute, but it costs $1,300 for a laptop with no ports and a slow processor. It's a great email machine, but it's not designed for serious work. You can't take it as your sole workstation for a month-long roadtrip, or live-blog an Apple keynote off it. Much as Apple wants to exist in one big Mac commerical where we all sail around on yachts posting iPhone photos to Flickr, lots of people need a work machine that isn't overpriced. Case in point: the growth of Chromebooks, which are outselling Macs recently. They're cheap, have USB ports, great battery life, and cost less than $1,000. You know what else fits into that category? The entry-level new MacBook Air that Apple's going to announce. Trending right now: This is going to be the first problem that 2016 MacBook Pro buyers need to fix iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for Now Galaxy S7 edge phones are exploding, but don’t freak out just yet See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Add a hands-free Bluetooth system to any car for under $13 Previous Next Tesla shocks Wall St. with huge earnings surprise Next Apple prepares AirPod owners for the future by delaying shipping for weeks By Yoni Heisler on Oct 26, 2016 at 4:04 PM Email @edibleapple Accessories Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ With Apple steadily inching towards a future where wires are superfluous, the company in early September announced a new pair of wireless headphones called AirPods. For anyone bemoaning the demise of the 3.5mm headphone jack or wired technology in general, AirPods represent Apple’s high-tech solution to such complaints. Priced at $159, Apple’s AirPods were initially slated to launch sometime in late October. That said, Apple observers were expecting the company to fill us in on the launch details during tomorrow’s Mac-themed media event. But as it turns out, anyone who was planning to get their hands on Apple’s AirPods this month will have to wait a little bit longer. DON’T MISS: This is going to be the first problem that 2016 MacBook Pro buyers need to fix Earlier today, Apple confirmed via a statement to TechCrunch that the AirPods launch is being delayed so that Apple can work out a few kinks. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible,” an Apple spokesperson said. “We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” All in all, this is a pretty big bummer. I wasn’t planning on purchasing a pair but I was eager to try them out and see what the hype was about. Additionally, Apple’s AirPods are jam packed with all sorts of interesting and advanced technologies. As a quick example, each AirPod comes with an optical sensor that will only allow audio playback when the device is properly positioned in one’s ear. What’s more, a built-in accelerometer can detect when a user is speaking and, in turn, can filter out external noise focus more closely on transmitting the sound of the wearer’s voice. At the very least, hopefully Apple will provide some sort of launch update tomorrow during its special Mac event. Tags: AirPods, Apple Source: TechCrunch Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed 11 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today The 5 best new features coming to your iPhone in iOS 10.2 Download the new iPhone wallpapers before Apple officially releases them Related Articles Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience How Donald Trump's tax plan might save Apple billions of dollars 11 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp The Black Friday Mac Bundle 2.0 Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle TrapTap Speed Trap Indicator View Comments Hubs Apple Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience How Donald Trump's tax plan might save Apple billions of dollars Android Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat 51 brand new emoji may hit your iPhone next year Mobile Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat It looks like the Galaxy S8 will add one of Apple's core iPhone 7 features Retail Samsung shares Black Friday deals early: TVs, phones, smartwatches and more Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here's what changed FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 2 Nov uh, not for a desktop its not. mobile, sure. twitter.com/rogerentner/st… Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Posted 27 Oct 2016 05:10 Updated 27 Oct 2016 05:18 Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, (Photo: AP/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Apple dropped 2.3 per cent after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 per cent to US$9 billion on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell one per cent or more ahead of their earnings releases on Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 per cent after the aerospace giant reported higher third-quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 30.06 points (0.17 per cent) to 18,199.33. The broad-based S&P 500 lost 3.73 points (0.17 per cent) at 2,139.43, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index sank 33.13 points (0.63 per cent) to 5,250.27. Companies in the S&P 500 have thus far in the quarterly reporting season shown on average 0.6 per cent higher earnings compared to the year-ago period, with 75 per cent beating expectations, according to Wells Fargo. However, it is still early, with more than three-fourths of S&P 500 companies yet to report. Coca-Cola finished down 0.3 per cent after third quarter profits fell less than expected, to US$1.05 billion in the quarter ended September 30 from US$1.45 billion a year earlier. Chipotle Mexican Grill sank 9.3 per cent as third quarter revenues slumped 14.8 per cent to US$1.0 billion, the latest sign of continued fallout from a series of food safety problems at the burrito chain. Big movers included Akamai Technologies, which surged nearly 15 per cent on strong growth in its cybersecurity business, while Edwards Lifesciences plummeted 17.0 per cent after reporting a sales miss for a key heart valve, despite a solid earnings report. Others with big moves following earnings included biotech company Biogen and food company Mondelez International, both of which gained 3.7 per cent, Southwest Airlines, which fell 8.5 per cent and oil-services company Weatherford International, which fell 6.8 per cent. Home improvement retailer Lowe's dropped 1.6 per cent after it was downgraded by both JPMorgan Chase and Wedbush. Oil prices fell again on Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - AFP/ec Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > 4 Key Stats from Apple Inc.’s Q4 Release (AAPL) Here's where AAPL investors stand right now Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 pm EST  |  By , Zacks Investment Research     Apple Inc. (AAPL) released its fourth-quarter earnings results after the bell on Tuesday, posting earnings of $1.67 per share and revenue of $46.852 billion. Currently, AAPL has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), but it is subject to change following the release of the company’s latest earnings report. Here are 4 key statistics from the report below: Apple beat earnings estimates, as it posted earnings of $1.67 per share, just edging out our Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.66. Apple beat revenue estimates as it saw revenue figures of $46.852 billion, beating our estimate of $46.826 billion. Apple expects to see first-quarter revenue between $76 billion and $78 billion. AAPL stock was down in after-hours trading shortly after its earnings report was released and remained down nearly 3% in Wednesday trading. “We’re thrilled with the customer response to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2, as well as the incredible momentum of our Services business, where revenue grew 24 percent to set another all-time record,” said CEO Tim Cook. Here’s a graph that looks at Apple’s latest earnings performance: APPLE INC Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise APPLE INC Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | APPLE INC Quote Apple Inc. is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players. Apple Inc.’s Apple Pay Volume Skyrockets 500% (AAPL) The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and Mac OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a range of accessory, service and support offerings. Stocks that Aren’t in the News. Yet. You are invited to download the full, up-to-the-minute list of 220 Zacks Rank #1 “Strong Buys” free of charge. Many of these companies are almost unheard of by the general public and just starting to get noticed by Wall Street. They have been pinpointed by the Zacks system that nearly tripled the market from 1988 through 2015 with a stellar average gain of +26% per year. See these high-potential stocks free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research More From InvestorPlace 9 Stocks That Have No More Profits Left for You The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 7 Healthcare Stocks That Are Investor Poison Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/apple-aapl-tops-q4-earnings-and-revenue-estimates/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 4 Biotechs to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 4 Biotech Stocks to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:33 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 27 mins Apple, oil weigh on global equitiesAFP – Wed, Oct 26, 2016 10:15 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Hong Kong stocks jumped 1.2% in the afternoon on November 1, 2016, having retreated almost 3% in a five-day sell-off Sinking oil and falling Apple caused most world stock markets to retreat Wednesday, although strong Boeing results supported the Dow. In New York, the Nasdaq took a beating and the S&P was down as well, following declines for the bulk of Asia's stock markets and Europe's top indices. Apple -- the world's biggest company by market capitalization -- dropped 2.3 percent in US trading after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 percent on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell 1 percent or more ahead of their earnings releases Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 percent after the aerospace giant reported higher third quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. Oil prices fell again Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - Key figures around 2100 GMT - New York - Dow: UP 0.2 percent to 18,199.33 (close) New York - S&P: DOWN 0.2 percent to 2,139.43 (close) New York - NASDAQ: DOWN 0.6 percent to 5,250.27 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.9 percent at 6,958.09 points (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.4 percent at 10,709.68 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.1 percent at 4,534.59 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.2 percent at 3,080.98 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 0.2 percent at 17,391.84 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.0 percent at 23,325.43 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 0.5 percent at 3,116.31 (close) Euro/dollar: UP to $1.0907 from $1.0887 Tuesday Dollar/yen: UP to 104.51 yen from 104.22 yen Pound/dollar: UP to $1.2242 from $1.2186 Euro/pound: DOWN to 89.09 pence from 89.34 pence Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 78 cents at $49.18 a barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 81 cents at $49.98 @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7571 +0.0016 +0.21% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6048 +0.0004 +0.07% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7031 0.00 0.00% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mondelez and Akamai rise while Apple and Chipotle skid By Associated Press Published: 17:24 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 17:24 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Wednesday: Apple Inc., down $2.66 to $115.59 The tech giant gave solid forecasts, but after strong gains in recent months, investors sent the stock lower. Boeing Co., up $6.52 to $145.54 The airplane builder's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent and it raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and plane deliveries. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., down $37.65 to $368.02 The burrito chain reported a bigger-than-expected drop in sales as it struggles to win back customers. Akamai Technologies Inc., up $8.63 to $67.70 The cloud services company posted a larger profit and better sales than Wall Street had forecast. Juniper Networks Inc., up $2.43 to $26.15 Investors were pleased with the computer network equipment maker's projections for its business. Simon Property Group Inc., down $8.89 to $188.38 The shopping mall owner reported strong results, but analysts said they were concerned about the strength of its business. Huntington Bancshares Inc., up 51 cents to $10.70 Huntington and other financial institutions continued to report strong quarterly results. Mondelez International Inc., up $1.56 to $44.32 The maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum a reported bigger profit than analysts expected. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 61 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 14, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 14, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 61 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 26 2016 03:12PM    •    Last Updated Oct 26 2016 03:12 pm FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven't made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances Utah football: Oregon is struggling, but Utes still see a dangerous team (with video) BYU football: Injuries at running back testing Cougars' depth ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu NEXT CHINA? India’s middle class is Tim Cook’s next frontier Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging October 26, 2016 Quartz india Appealing to the India's growing middle class. (Press Trust of India via AP) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging October 26, 2016 Quartz india Apple is still awaiting its breakout moment in India, and much of its potential success hinges on the country’s middle class. “The truth is, there’s going to be a lot of people in the middle class that will really want a smartphone, and I think we can compete well for some percentage of those,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said during an earnings call on Tuesday (Oct. 25). For now, Apple devices are still out of reach for a large chunk of India’s population. Even though the country is the world’s second-largest smartphone market—and the iPhone is extremely desirable there—its pricing remains a major deterrent. Nearly 70% of smartphone sales in India are in the under-$150 category. Even the iPhone’s cheapest iteration—the Rs 39,000 ($493) iPhone SE— retails $158 above the average smartphone price in India. Apple also prices iPhones among the highest in India compared with other countries. To make matters worse for Cook, cheaper Android devices are capturing the majority of the Indian market, and Apple is losing its already-loose grip. The iOS market share almost halved in the second quarter of 2016, compared to the same period a year earlier. Even in China, which has long been a roaring success for Apple, revenues have been on a downslide this year. Beijing shuttered the company’s iBooks and iTunes movie stores and a local court ordered Apple to stop selling the iPhone 6 and 6-Plus because its design looked similar to a local phone. That pushback could be another reason Apple is looking at India as its next possible growth engine. But unlike China’s booming middle class, the percentage of people earning between $10-$20 a day in India has increased by only 2 percentage points between 2001 and 2011, to 3%. Companies in the region don’t offer monthly mobile plans or other phone subsidies, making it difficult for Apple to penetrate the market. A partnership announced on the earnings call could help with that. Reliance Jio, an LTE mobile network operator in India, is rolling out a “first of its kind all-IP network…with 4G coverage in 18,000 cities and 200,000 villages across the country,” Apple chief financial officer Luca Maestri said during the call. They’re also offering a free year of service to purchasers of new iPhones. Apple has made other efforts, too. In a country where a third of all smartphone purchases are made on the internet, the company teamed up with Flipkart in September to sell its products online. And in May, Cook visited temples, met the bigwigs of Bollywood, and even watched a cricket match in an effort to curry favor. Two months later, Apple finally got permission to open its own retail locations in India in June—a request that had been turned down at least once before. “A lot of factors are moving in the right direction,” Cook said on the call today. “There is a lot of headroom there in our mind, and so we are working very hard to realize that opportunity.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Thursday, 27 October 2016, 7:51 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - Equities slid amid a disappointing outlook from Apple, while energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In 2.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.03 percent advance. The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.7 percent. In 2pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.3 percent. In the Dow gains in shares of Boeing and those of Nike, recently trading 4.2 percent and 1.9 percent higher respectively, offset slides in shares of Apple and those of Merck, down 3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively. While Apple’s latest quarterly earnings per share exceeded analysts expectations, analysts were disappointed with its outlook for iPhone sales—especially given the rival Samsung’s woes. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple’s products are still seen favourably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note, according to Reuters. The latest US economic data were better than anticipated. The US trade deficit shrank 5.2 percent to US$56.1 billion in September, bolstering hope that third-quarter GDP growth might beat expectations. “We now believe the boost from trade could be closer to a full percentage point, almost twice what we had expected," Michelle Girard, chief economist at RBS in Stamford, Connecticut, told Reuters. Girard said she now predicts real GDP growth in the third quarter of 3.3 percent. Separately, a Commerce Department report showed new home sales rose 3.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000 units in September, an unexpected gain. Mondelez International shares climbed, up 3.6 percent as of 1.35pm in New York, after the maker of Cadbury chocolate upgraded its full-year profit forecast. The company has increased its full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expects growth of about 25 percent on a constant-currency basis, Mondelez said in a statement. "Our third quarter results underscore our continued commitment to improve operational efficiency, expand margins and profitably grow volume while also investing in strategic growth initiatives for the longer term," CEO Irene Rosenfeld said in the statement. “In the face of challenging market conditions, we're building a stronger, more streamlined company that is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and attractive cash generation,” Rosenfeld noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.4 percent slide from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index slipped 0.1 percent, Germany’s DAX Index declined 0.4 percent lower, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index shed 0.9 percent. Germany’s Bayer, which agreed to buy Monsanto in a US$66 billion deal, reported better-than-expected quarterly profit bolstered by its pharmaceutical unit. Even so, Bayer shares closed 1.4 percent lower in Frankfurt as investors were concerned about weakness in its Crop Science division. Pharmaceuticals posted “encouraging” sales growth of 7.6 percent in the quarter, Consumer Health sales grew 3.6 percent, while sales of Crop Science were level year on year, Bayer said. “Earnings are not strong enough to fuel markets,” Ralf Zimmermann, an equity strategist at Bankhaus Lampe in Dusseldorf, Germany, told Bloomberg. “Some investors who had expected accelerating earnings may be disappointed.” (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Police to launch new online crime data reporting tool 1:05 PM | New Zealand Police Majority of New Zealanders expect more from their KiwiSaver 12:54 PM | Kiwi Wealth Safe Driving Rewards Programme named Innovation of the Year 12:47 PM | EROAD Theresa Gattung Venture Capital fund 12:11 PM | Angel Association Tower estimates quake could trim profit by up to $7.2 mln 12:09 PM | BusinessDesk MYOB awarded Service Provider of the Year 12:07 PM | MYOB Antipodes Gold Reverse Takeover Update 12:06 PM | Chatham Rock Phosphate More   RSS 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 1:13 PM | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 12:28 PM | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 10:33 AM | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService NZGL Supports Wide Reaching Research 14/11/16 | NZ Genomics NIWA's Hotspot Watch 11/11/16 | NIWA More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 1:41 AM | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher DCC Blocks 2017 Petroleum Offer 10:15 AM | admin Theresa Gattung Venture Capital fund 10:11 AM | admin Tower estimates quake could trim profit by up to $... 10:09 AM | admin MYOB awarded Service Provider of the Year 10:07 AM | admin Antipodes Gold Reverse Takeover Update 10:06 AM | admin Hamilton’s outlying villages see boost in house hu... 10:04 AM | admin New World Kaikoura re-opens 10:03 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Headphones News / Apple's least convincing new product has been delayed Apple's least convincing new product has been delayed by Chris Smith 26 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple has announced its wireless AirPods earphones will not be ready for their scheduled release before the end of the month. The buds, which attempt to atone for the lack of a headphone jack in the iPhone 7, were announced in early September alongside this year’s handsets. Apple says fans are psyched about the new W1 chip-enabled audio accessories, but will be taking a ‘little more time’ to get them ready for prime time. Related: You're going to need 'courage' to wear Apple's AirPods In a statement released to TechCrunch, the company said: “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” There is no further word on the reason for the delay. Since the announcement, the AirPods have received a mixed reception to say the least. They’ve been derided for their toothbrush-like design as well as the proprietary W1 tech that means they won’t work with non-Apple products. They have also been criticised for their astonishing $159/£159 price-tag and their lose-ability, which can be offset by the inevitable launch of a neck strap. Some reviews have dubbed them “like wearing a toothbrush” while others have claimed they’re “just as bad as you thought they’d be.” They've also been praised for the secure fit and the easy pairing with the iPhone 7. Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus Will you be buying the Apple AirPods whenever they arrive? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW! APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS - MN572LL/A A1784 - 128GB AT&T CLEAN ESN - JET BLACK $995.00 View Item Apple iPhone 7/ 7Plus EarPods with Lightning Connector ORIGINAL $21.95 View Item Iphone 7 128gb AT&T Factory Unlocked - Bonus -Free Shipping $689.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
CLOSE × Sorry! You don't have any alerts. If you've already subscribed, you should start receiving alerts shortly. You can also look for the around the site to subscribe or click here to manage your existing subscriptions. You must be signed in to get alerts. Click here to do so. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Report Report Oct 26th 2016 at 4:27PM Add Subscribe Apple is developing automotive software in Canada with former BlackBerry employees A car didn’t work out, so Apple’s heading North to build its own system. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Joel Patel After putting plans for a self-driving vehicle on hold, Apple has now turned to developing its own automotive operating system that it hopes to sell to automakers, reports Automotive News. The company has recruited at least two dozen engineers in Canada from BlackBerry Ltd.'s QNX, an automotive software provider, and has other newly hired software engineers working up north, unnamed sources claim. The engineers are reportedly working at one of Apple's offices in Kanata, a suburb in Ottawa, Ontario, which is just a few minutes away from QNX's headquarters. A former QNX executive claims Apple singled out the company's engineers because of their experience with developing vehicle operating systems, which makes perfect sense. Apple has poached from QNX in the past, having hired QNX's former CEO Dan Dodge in July. Dodge joined the company to help Bob Mansfield, who came on as the head of Project Titan earlier this summer. An anonymous source also claims that Apple recently hired Derrick Keefe, previously one of QNX's senior engineers. Among other thing, QNX develops software to allow automakers to integrate Apple CarPlay and Android Auto into infotainment systems. The software also offers connectivity, apps, and other features, and is widely used throughout the industry. Clearly, Apple knows who the experts are in the field and it is going after them. Related Video: News Source: Automotive News - sub.req. Image Credit: Reuters / Mike Segar / File Photo Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Green Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Canada Emerging Technologies Technology Autonomous apple apple car blackberry project titan qnx report facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending Here are the best-selling vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Amazing secrets of the Bugatti Chiron Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Hottest new vehicles caught testing How to drive an Acura NSX into a casino Here are the best-selling vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Amazing secrets of the Bugatti Chiron Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Hottest new vehicles caught testing How to drive an Acura NSX into a casino Follow Us Tech News Las Vegas streetlights are powered by your footsteps Samsung buys Harman for $8 billion to gain connectivity know-how GM will help you lease a car to drive for Uber in San Francisco View more From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Far and Wide: Bring That Horizon to Me! The Ultimate Sales Machine: Turbocharge Your Business with Relentless Focus on 12 Key Strategies The Truck Book How To Weld (Motorbooks Workshop) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories TEKTON 5941 Digital Tire Gauge, 100 PSI STA-BIL 22207 Fuel Stabilizer - 16 oz. Camco 36153 Brass Blow Out Plug Camco 40043 TastePURE Water Filter with Flexible Hose Protector Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Jtech 10x 194 168 2825 T10 5-SMD Green LED Car Lights Bulb 3M 3/4" 233+ GREEN AUTO MASKING TAPE-12 Rolls-PAINT CAR Dupli-Color BTY1603 Dark Green Mica Toyota Exact-Match Automotive Paint - 8 oz. Aerosol E Support Green 12v 15 Led 30cm Car Flexible Waterproof Underbody Light Strip Pack of 10 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Brothers and Sisters: Season 1 High School Musical (Two-Disc Remix Edition) Supercross Kings BMX Bandits / Evel Knievel Double Feature Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Videos Meet the man with a million-dollar Hot Wheels collectionWatch Video Jay Leno's first time behind the wheel of the F40 is a magical momentWatch Video The Grand Tour countdown by the numbersWatch Video Recharge Wrap-up: Tow-charging a Tesla, Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell taxis in ParisWatch Video Does the Ford Focus RS live up to the hype? We took it to the track to find outWatch Video Ferrari F1 ace Sebastian Vettel shows the proper way to drive the LaFerrari ApertaWatch Video Wake up with Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James MayWatch Video The Grand Tour will have drifting BMW M4s and many noisesWatch Video A look inside Ford labs working on wearables and portable wind tunnels | Translogic 210Watch Video Guy Newmark's 1964 Porsche 356 finally hits 1,000,000 milesWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Green Green Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Canada Canada Emerging Technologies Emerging Technologies Technology Technology Autonomous Autonomous apple apple apple car apple car blackberry blackberry project titan project titan qnx qnx report report Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
CLOSE × Sorry! You don't have any alerts. If you've already subscribed, you should start receiving alerts shortly. You can also look for the around the site to subscribe or click here to manage your existing subscriptions. You must be signed in to get alerts. Click here to do so. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Report Report Oct 26th 2016 at 4:56PM Add Subscribe Bob Lutz: 'Tesla supporters are like members of a religious cult' But are the deep problems Lutz sees with Tesla really there? facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Brandon Turkus Never one to keep his opinion to himself, Bob Lutz fired a number of shots at Tesla, comparing fans of the all-electric brand to cultists and its leader, Elon Musk, to late Apple founder Steve Jobs. And no, that last one wasn't a compliment. "Tesla supporters are like members of a religious cult," the former GM exec told CNBC's Squawk Box. "Just like Steve Jobs was worshiped at Apple, it's the same way with Elon Musk, who is seen as a new visionary god who promises this phantasmagorical future, a utopia of profitability and volume." Lutz with the set, and now the spike: "The only problem is, Steve Jobs delivered and Elon, God bless him, hasn't delivered a thing, except increasingly negative cash flow, and an increasing lack of profitability; more and more capital spending." Now, because we live in 2016, it's not hard to find talking heads that are actually talking out of a certain other part of their anatomy. But Lutz doubles down and explains just what he thinks is wrong with the belle of the automotive ball. "I just don't see anything about Tesla that gives me any confidence that that business can survive," Lutz said. But when asked whether he thinks Musk's company will go bankrupt, Lutz hedged his bet. "The last time I checked, [Tesla's] quarterly cash burn is about $250 million for a company that size, that's horrific." According to Lutz, "every time [Tesla] gets a $500 million injection from a new stock sale or a $750 million injection of new money, it lasts them two or three quarters. This is a problem that volume can't fix." Tesla's last cash injection came via a $1.7 billion stock sale in May that helped boost the company's cash position to $3.25 billion at the end of Q2. "If you're in a variable loss – that is, you're not recovering labor and materials in your sale price – then doing twice as many, or three times as many, or four times as many [sales] doesn't help. The losses just get bigger and bigger." In the interest of balance, it's worth noting an Electrek article published today refuting a number of Lutz's points. In particular, author Fred Lambert calls Lutz's claims about Tesla not recovering labor and material costs "simply not true." "Tesla has a positive gross margin on its vehicles for years now and as much as 20 percent for the past few quarters. That's without accounting for ZEV credits," Lambert writes. "Tesla is losing money on a quarterly basis, there's no doubt about that, but that's after its research-and-development investments and massive capital expenditures in its new assembly line for the Model 3 and investments in the Gigafactory, among other things," the Electrek story reads. "It's completely different from saying that they are losing money on vehicles because they are 'not recovering labor and materials,' which is materially untrue." Tesla just reported its earnings this afternoon, and the news was good. You can check out Lutz's bit on CNBC below. UPDATE: Elon has a sense of humor about it all. Dear cult members, I love you https://t.co/1OzRaSQzhT — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 26, 2016 News Source: CNBC, Electrek Image Credit: CNBC Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Earnings/Financials Green Tesla bob lutz elon musk report tesla facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending Here are the best-selling vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Amazing secrets of the Bugatti Chiron Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Hottest new vehicles caught testing How to drive an Acura NSX into a casino Here are the best-selling vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Amazing secrets of the Bugatti Chiron Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Hottest new vehicles caught testing How to drive an Acura NSX into a casino Follow Us Work at Faraday Future's factory construction site has reportedly stopped NextEV's sheds some light on its electric hypercar a week before launch Hyundai admits 124-mile Ioniq EV is 'not enough' View More From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Build Your Own Electric Vehicle, Third Edition Tesla Model S - Best Car Ever! The Great Race: The Global Quest for the Car of the Future Solar Powered Charging Infrastructure for Electric Vehicles: A Sustainable Development Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Bosch 26A ICON Wiper Blade - 26" (Pack of 1) Philips 9005 CrystalVision Ultra Upgrade Headlight Bulb, 2 Pack SYLVANIA 9005 SilverStar Ultra High Performance Halogen Headlight Bulb, (Contains 2 Bulbs) ANCO 31-Series 31-26 Wiper Blade - 26", (Pack of 1) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Topfit Silicone Car Key Case for the Tesla Model S (Blue) Black Powder Coated Tesla Laser Engraved Stainless Steel License Plate Frame with Logo Engraved S... US85 Tesla Black Chrome Auto Car Wheel Tire Air Valve Caps Stem Cover 5" 12" Large Tesla Decal Decals Vinyl Sticker Car Truck Window Laptop Wall Art (5" (approx 4x5"),... Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Auto Mundial 04/03/16 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos Meet the man with a million-dollar Hot Wheels collectionWatch Video Jay Leno's first time behind the wheel of the F40 is a magical momentWatch Video The Grand Tour countdown by the numbersWatch Video Recharge Wrap-up: Tow-charging a Tesla, Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell taxis in ParisWatch Video Does the Ford Focus RS live up to the hype? We took it to the track to find outWatch Video Ferrari F1 ace Sebastian Vettel shows the proper way to drive the LaFerrari ApertaWatch Video Wake up with Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James MayWatch Video The Grand Tour will have drifting BMW M4s and many noisesWatch Video A look inside Ford labs working on wearables and portable wind tunnels | Translogic 210Watch Video Guy Newmark's 1964 Porsche 356 finally hits 1,000,000 milesWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Earnings/Financials Earnings/Financials Green Green Tesla Tesla bob lutz bob lutz elon musk elon musk report report tesla tesla Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Apple AirPods indefinitely delayed beyond original “late October” window Apple says wireless buds still aren't "ready for our customers." by Sam Machkovech - Oct 26, 2016 9:00 pm UTC Login to bookmark 254 When will we finally get to test Apple's AirPods outside of demo events? We're not sure, but definitely not by the end of this month. Apple Apple's new wireless, $180 AirPods have less than a week to meet their original shipping target of "late October," and now the company has confirmed that such a launch is officially off the table. A Wednesday statement, given to Ars Technica just one day ahead of the company's latest Mac-related press event, confirmed Apple's decision to delay the wireless headphones' launch. In the statement, Apple tells Ars that the company "needs a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." "The early response to AirPods has been incredible," the Apple statement reads. "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready." Apple declined to offer any estimate or release window information about when to expect the AirPods' official launch. We can only imagine that Apple wants "a little more time" to be somewhere within the next few weeks so that this holiday season's rabid iPhone 7 and 7 Plus shoppers can pony up for wireless earbuds for their jack-less phones. Perhaps timing information will appear on the product's official site soon; currently, it still reads "late October." Expand full story Reader comments 254 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Sam Machkovech / Sam has written about video games on-and-off since his first syndicated column launched in 1996. He can regularly be found losing quarters at Add-A-Ball in Seattle, WA.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Microsoft Just Announced the iPad I Always Wanted – Surface Studio John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 26th, 2016 2:54 PM EST | Editorial Microsoft has just announced the Surface Studio, a 28-inch All-in-One computer with a Skylake Processor and a touch sensitive display that tilts. The design, operation and concept of this computer is basically a giant iPad, the iPad I always dreamed of. Microsoft’s new Surface family. (Surface Studio on left.) Image credit: Microsoft. I will be the first to admit that my fantasy for the ultimate computer may not be commercially viable. Even so, I’ve always had this feeling that the iPad of the future would eventually be my work computer. It would be a descendant of my Mac Pro today and its 34-inch HP display. This future iPad would have a 36-inch (0.9 meter) display on a tilt so that I could rest my arms on the desk and create content, via touch and speech. No more “gorilla arm” effect, something Steve Jobs was adverse to when it came to the idea of reaching out to touch screen Macs. When Apple inched along to a 12.9-inch iPad, I thought, maybe this would be the start of that progression. My fantasy has lately been further ignited by this futuristic, fictional computer used in the 2011 TV series “Terra Nova.” My fantasy for a desktop computer since 2011. Image credit: Fox TV. That’s the design that has percolated in my brain for years. Make it So For a long time, I always felt that Steve Jobs had a technical vision that he forced down the chain. He knew what he wanted, and he made it happen. That was true for the iPod, Mac OS X in the early days, the iPhone and the iPad. These products were all commercially viable as well. Lately however, even though Apple is in a mature phase, generating a lot of revenue and earnings, there’s been a certain lack of technical excitement. As Kelly Guimont describes it, “No MacBook Air pulled from the manilla envelope” moment. We have the same old iMacs and the same old MacBook Pros, and the same old iPads. Marry that with an agonizing delay (the past 500-1000 days) in the introduction of new Macs across the line, and one has the making of a serious technical vacuum created by Apple. I wrote about this first here: “Hewlett-Packard Seeks to Exploit Apple’s Inattention to Technical Professionals.” Now, Microsoft is joining the fray, moving in aggressively to cater to the creative and technical professionals. This photo (below) of the Microsoft Surface Studio particularly ignited my interest and passions because it fulfills my own vision for how the next generation desktop computer should work. This freezeframe from the YouTube video told me everything I needed to know. Basically, Satya Nadella’s Microsoft has outsmarted a complacent Apple. Windows 10 None of this could have happened if Microsoft had a shoddy OS to put on its new computers. But Widows 10 has come a long way since the dreadful Windows XP and Windows 8. Microsoft learned from its mistakes. Today, a technical or creative professional can get serious work done with Windows 10, Windows apps, and the supporting business infrastructure and development tools provided by Microsoft. To be sure, I’d prefer Linux. And Xcode on an iMac is awesome, but what if your company is into Java or C++ for the enterprise? Apple has only itself to blame here for de-emphasizing the UNIX underpinnings of its macOS, going flat with real creativity across the product line, becoming complacent in the Mac upgrade cycle, and focusing to extremes on mobility. With sales of both Macs and iPads declining, can Apple afford not to be the leader in every market? The Halo Effect Just as car companies have Halo cars, computer companies need Halo computers. These are the very best money can buy. They inspire the customer base. They demonstrate what the company is capable of. The designs inform the thinking about less expensive computers in the lineup. I don’t know how financially successful Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft will be with the new products I’ve written about, but it’s enough that they will have the attention and delight of the professional and creative market. These efforts suggest enthusiasm, attentiveness and, most of all, technical leadership. Apple has hereby been challenged. It will be interesting to see what the company shows us on October 27th. Will we be be dazzled? Will Apple reassert its leadership? We’ll know soon. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple, iPad, Macs, Microsoft, Surface 14 Comments Add a comment Jamie October 26, 2016 I too, thought this was where the iPhone and iPad might be headed back in the day, I can’t believe Microsoft beat them to it. I’ll be very curious to see what Apple announces tomorrow, and am holding out jope that it’s more than just a new Macbook line. October 26, 2016 at 3:31 EST PM Jamie October 26, 2016 Oops. Pardon the typo. Also known as, ‘hope’. 😉 October 26, 2016 at 3:32 EST PM Rick Allen October 26, 2016 The “I want it Now!” feeling is there with this computer. Could I use it to its full potential, I honestly don’t know. The surface book was the first Microsoft product I was really wanting to get my hands on, yet did not (I have a work Surface Pro 4). The Surface studio, is a new vision, original, and that is something amazing. October 26, 2016 at 3:45 EST PM NorthSaanichBC October 26, 2016 Let’s compare Microsoft’s iMac-killer to the year old 2015 iMac 27” 5K (which will be receiving a major update tomorrow). The Surface Studio has a lower resolution display than the iMac’s 5K display. It has a touch screen… But do you really want a “Gorilla Arm” inducing touch screen that large?: The Surface Studio starts at $2,999 for a configuration with a 6th-generation Intel Core i5 processor, 1TB of internal storage, 8GB of RAM and a 2GB GPU. Last year’s 2015 iMac with a similar configuration Intel Core i5 processor, 1TB of internal storage, 8GB of RAM and a 2GB GPU is $1,799 ($1,200 LESS) Meanwhile, the top-of-the-line Surface Studio costs $4,199, with a Core i7 processor, a 2TB storage disk, 32GB of RAM and a 4GB graphics card.” Last year’s 2015 iMac with a similar configuration of a 4.0GHz Core i7 processor, 2TB Fusion Drive, 32GB of RAM, and a 4GB graphics card is $3,399 ($800 LESS) Microsoft also updated their 13” Surface Book, which starts at $2,399. The 2015 13” MacBook Pro with Retina Display (which also will have a major update tomorrow) starts at $1,299. And TOMORROW we will see NEW Macs, with NEW pricing and options from Apple! Windows users who complain that Macs are “too expensive” need a “reality check”, and to see how ludicrous that opinion really is. October 26, 2016 at 3:51 EST PM JonGl October 26, 2016 Last week I bought a Surface Pro 4, to see if I’d like it, or could at least live with it. Yeah, there are lots of niggling frustrations with the change, but most of my software is available on Windows, and what isn’t, I’ve been able, so far, to find decent replacements–and yes, Win 10 is surprisingly usable. I’m loving the Surface capabilities, especially with some extra software–it is actually reminiscent of my Newton. We’ll see what Apple introduces, to know if I’ll be keeping it or not–but the fact that I bought it days before Apple’s announcements should give an idea as to how much I’m holding out hope. 🙂 October 26, 2016 at 3:55 EST PM DaveNull October 26, 2016 NorthSaanichBC dismisses the Surface Studio based on specs and pricing. I thought that’s what Windows fanboys did when dismissing the Mac? It isn’t hard to figure out why the Surface Studio is expensive: A large, touch- and pen-enabled display with a non-standard aspect ratio was never going to be cheap. While Apple might be able to compete on the specs of the rest of the hardware, they don’t sell a product that can compete in functionality, and Microsoft knows it. Apple has been put on notice. October 26, 2016 at 4:29 EST PM ibuck October 26, 2016 @ Harvey L (@NorthSaanichBC) Windows users who complain that Macs are “too expensive” need a “reality check”, and to see how ludicrous that opinion really is. And IBM’s IT guy says Macs are 3 times cheaper to own than Windows PCs. Despite all this, I’ve lost hope too, as I sold some AAPL stock Monday. Product refreshes, except for iPhones, are very, very tardy, and it seems that Cook & company are spending tons of cash and the scarce time of their too few top-quality engineers on research for products that don’t come to market, like Apple car or Sapphire screens. And they brought back long-time Apple executive Bob Mansfield to say “No” to the former. If Thursday’s offering are “meh,” hope will fade even more. October 26, 2016 at 4:43 EST PM KitsuneStudios October 26, 2016 This may well be my next computer. Apple’s limited ecosystem has been squeezing me out of MacOS market. I need a good graphics card, and Apple has nothing capable of using a high end desktop graphics card. My only choices are a top-end iMac or a Mac Pro. Given that, the Surface Studio is perfectly in line with what I’d expect to pay from Apple, and it includes a Cintiq. While I’ll deeply miss the MacOS experience, I won’t miss it enough to make up for the benefits I’d get from either a cheap PC with a killer graphics card, or a Surface Studio. October 26, 2016 at 5:14 EST PM Lee Dronick October 26, 2016 I was comsidering my old MacBook pro with an iPad Pro, but after playing around with one I think that I will get a new MacBook. I am very anxious to see what is announced in the way of Macs tomorrow. October 26, 2016 at 6:53 EST PM furbies October 26, 2016 While the Surface Studio is a nice idea, I’m still not sold on the idea of a screen that collects fingerprints. Fingerprint buildup on an iPhone or iPad is unavoidable, but at least they’re not a large screen area to clean, and having a tempered glass screen protector avoids scratching the actual glass of the display. I wouldn’t be keen on trying to buy a tempered glass screen protector big enough to cover the Surface’s display area. (Cost & difficulty of application) October 26, 2016 at 7:25 EST PM shameermulji October 26, 2016 Hey John, I wouldn’t count out a desktop-class iPad just yet. Here is a patent that Apple was granted in 2010 http://www.patentlyapple.com/patently-apple/2010/08/the-mother-lode-welcome-to-the-imac-touch.html Maybe all the pieces aren’t ready yet like 1) a truly desktop-class Apple ARM SoC, 2) Apple Filesystem coming out of beta, 3) iOS needs to become more powerful (albeit not more macOS like) October 26, 2016 at 7:38 EST PM CudaBoy October 27, 2016 What Kitsune said. Also, nice typo – “Widows”. Also, nice ad online for the Studio – but I still said to myself ‘but it’s Windows’. That knee-jerk gives my old fashioned OS prejudice away. it would be nice if Apple throws us studio bums a bone for a change. October 27, 2016 at 2:27 EST AM jimtincher October 28, 2016 John, We’re pretty much on the same page. I’ve never been a fan of Cook and was worried when he was announced as Jobs replacement. Why? Because he’s boring. Lets be real, the creative genius at Apple has always been Jobs and the creative think has always been a top down promulgation of ideas. That Microsoft is out innovating Apple should be a major wakeup call. Apple is no longer attracting the creatives, but is driving them away. Their choices with software apps started that trend and their hardware designs are finishing it. October 28, 2016 at 7:06 EST AM Paul Goodwin October 31, 2016 Ergonomically, the touch screen laptops and now all-in-ones are horrid devices. Look at the position of the woman and the screen. Her eyes aren’t anywhere near perpendicular to the screen, and if they were, her arms would be stretched out unless there were huge arm supports. Use one of those surface devices all day every day for years and you’ll be a cripple. October 31, 2016 at 10:36 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5650 John Martellaro columns-opinions 14 1477493665 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Apple Delays AirPods, Won’t Ship in October Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 26th, 2016 4:41 PM EST | News If you’ve been holding out for Apple’s promised “late October” AirPods release, it looks like you’ll be waiting a little longer. Apple isn’t shipping its wireless earpods this month because they’re still not ready to go. Apple’s AirPods won’t ship in October Apple representatives told TechCrunch the AirPods are taking longer than expected to come together. The spokesperson said, “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” Apple showed off AirPods at its September iPhone 7 launch event, and while the smartphone refresh made it to customers days later, the wireless earpods were tagged for a late October release. Now that we’re only days away from November, Apple is confirming we won’t see AirPods shipping this month. The preproduction units Apple shared with the media suffer from minor bugs and occasional connectivity issues. That seems to be enough to keep Apple from shipping, and as annoying as that may be, it’s the right choice. Apple is already facing criticism for the long gaps between Mac updates, and shipping buggy AirPods would be worse for the company’s reputation than shipping late. Apple isn’t saying when AirPods will ship. Regardless, it looks like hopefully shipping before Halloween is now maybe by Thanksgiving. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: AirPods, delay, wireless 2 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick October 26, 2016 As long as they are on the shelves by Black Friday. October 26, 2016 at 7:40 EST PM FCompton October 27, 2016 Sadly, I don’t think these are for me. The “improved” shape of the Apple earbuds don’t fit my ears; apparently I am not average enough. While the technical engineering is impressive, I’ll probably have to look elsewhere for more traditional wireless earbuds with the silicone tips. Fortunately for me, MacObserve has some reviews! October 27, 2016 at 10:23 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5664 Jeff Gamet news 2 1477500096 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil, gold prices slip By Reuters Published: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. stock prices on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, while oil and gold prices slipped. Apple, the world's largest company by market capitalization, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up with demand. The technology giant pulled down the S&P 500 stock index and Nasdaq, but gains in Boeing bouyed the price-weighted Dow Industrials. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies weighed on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Gold prices fell as investor appetite for riskier assets recovered slightly, denting demand for safe-haven bullion. Spot gold fell 0.63 percent to $1,265.86 an ounce by 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories, but oil ended lower on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures were at $49.17 a barrel, down 79 cents or 1.58 percent at 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 88 cents, or 1.73 percent, at $49.91, their weakest level in nearly a month. The U.S. dollar dipped against a basket of major currencies , reflecting nervousness surrounding Federal Reserve monetary policy and the U.S. election, a day after touching a nearly nine-month high. "We've had a dollar rally, and I think we're in the consolidation phase," said Vassili Serebriakov, FX strategist at Credit Agricole in New York. He noted the Fed's November policy meeting and the Nov. 8 U.S. election as potential risks to the dollar's upside. Sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.43 percent to $1.2238, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". U.S. Treasury debt yields also rose, bolstered by a fresh batch of economic data that enhanced the outlook for third-quarter U.S. gross domestic product data due on Friday. Gains in Treasury yields also spurred rises in other global bond markets. But yields, which move inversely to prices, were capped as the decline in oil kept inflation expectations in check. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Ethan Lou, Alwyn Scott, Sam Forgione, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss, Rodrigo Campos, Devika Krishna Kumar and Eric Onsta in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Warren Buffett makes a bet on U.S. airlines World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Warren Buffett makes a bet on U.S. airlines Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech This smartwatch is powered by body heat Innovate Gadget Connect Cyber-Safe Upstarts Powering Your World 2020 Visionaries Elon. Evolution Love Inc. Innovative Cities Agility in Action Quantum Leaps Unhackable 15 Questions With Sex, Drugs & Silicon Valley Media Personal Finance Tiny home living is having a moment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Bill Murray is done with boring golf clothes Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lincoln is making real luxury cars again Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Gadget Apple delays its AirPods launch by Selena Larson   @selenalarson October 26, 2016: 4:58 PM ET See Apple's iPhone 7 in :90 This won't be music to the ears of Apple (AAPL, Tech30) fans. The company is delaying the launch of AirPods, its wireless earbuds designed for the iPhone. Apple, which first showed off the accessory in September, said on Wednesday it's not quite ready for prime time. The news comes just one day before Apple's MacBook event in San Francisco, where it was widely believed the AirPods would get a launch date. "The early response to AirPods has been incredible," a spokeswoman for Apple said in a statement to CNNMoney. "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." Related: Apple's headphone jack: all your angry questions answered Apple AirPods The AirPods ($159) look like classic white EarPods but connect to products without a cord. With the removal of the headphone jack on the new iPhone 7 smartphones, Apple is pushing the AirPods as the future of wireless earbuds. The technology features a built-in microphone for Siri voice commands and phone calls, with sensors that know when they're inside your ears. Apple declined to elaborate on why it needs more time. But perhaps we'll learn more on stage at its Mac event on Thursday. CNNMoney (San Francisco) First published October 26, 2016: 4:53 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Mary Jo White leaving SEC before Trump takes office PBS newscaster Gwen Ifill has died John Oliver on President-elect Trump: 'How the [expletive] did we get here?' Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple leaves AirPod buyers up in the air: Firm admits it 'needs a little more time' as it delays $159 wireless headphones They were scheduled to go on sale in 'late October'. Apple CEO said the AirPods have never fallen out since he has used them    MailOnline was given an early glimpse of the AirPods ahead of Oct release By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:14 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 07:27 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares 47 View comments Apple's $159 AirPods created a huge amount of interest when they were revealed alongside the iPhone 7 earlier this year. However, Apple fans hoping to snag a pair of the headphones are in for some bad news - Apple has delayed their release, and refused to reveal when they will actually go on sale. 'The early response to AirPods has been incredible,' an Apple spokesperson told TechCrunch. Scroll down for video  Apple's $159 AirPods created a huge amount of interest when they were revealed alongside the iPhone 7 earlier this year - but buyers will have to wait to get their hands on a pair. 'We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,' The wireless ear buds were scheduled to go on sale in late October and cost $159 Although users feel it will only be a matter of time before they lose the AirPods, Apple CEO Tim Cook says he 'never personally had one fall out since using them' and has used them on treadmills. In an exclusive interview with Good Morning America, earlier this year, Tim Cook said it is the weight of the wires that pull the headphones out of people's ears, and by cutting the wires, the earbuds should now stay in place. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Microsoft launches its first PC: $3,000 Surface Studio has... Apple to launch THREE versions of the iPhone 8: Flagship... Does Facebook's facial scanning technology violate privacy... You are NOT as anonymous as you think online: Browsing... Share this article Share 14 shares With the introduction of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple made one of the boldest moves smartphone design has seen in recent years - the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack. The reason behind the decision, Apple executive Phil Schiller explained was 'the courage to move on and do something new that betters all of us.' Cook spoke with Robin Roberts on ABC News' 'Good Morning America' about the concerns consumers might have about Apple's new AirPods. 'There's a little case that you put the Airpods in and magnetically they're sort of sucked down into the case,' he told Roberts. AirPods (pictured right) resemble Apple's older white EarPods (pictured left) minus an attached cable, and connect to your iPhone using a form of Bluetooth technology 'The wires tend to help the ear bud fall out right because it applies weight on the earbuds.' 'By snipping the wires, I have never personally had one fall out since I have been using them.' Roberts joked with Cook that a colleague was convinced he was going to lose the new headphones, something many people around the world have been saying. 'I've been on treadmills, walking, doing all the things you normally do,' Cook said, adding, 'You know how you walk around with the earbuds and they're constantly getting caught on something? You never have that problem.' A report on abc also reports that the tech guru reveals he dances wearing them too. The interview will air on Wednesday morning from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. ET.  The microphone at the bottom of the AirPods worked well, except during exercise, when heaving breathing made commands difficult for Siri to understand   The wireless ear buds are scheduled to go on sale in late October and cost $159, but Rhiannon Williams with MailOnline was given a sneak peek into the new world of Apple's wireless headphones.   AirPods resemble Apple's older white EarPods minus an attached cable. They connect to your iPhone using a form of Bluetooth technology.  They work to a distance of around 10 metres from the paired device, meaning if you wander away any further, the connection will drop. To pair them with an iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch or Mac running the latest iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra software, open their small magnetic carry case close to the device and wait for a notification asking to connect.  Roberts joked with Cook that a colleague was convinced he was going to lose the new headphones, something many people around the world have been saying WHAT DOES THE CHANGE MEAN FOR YOU?  Owners of the iPhone 7 will not be able to directly connect any headphones with a traditional 3.5mm plug.  If people want to use other wired headphones, they will need to use the Lightning 3.5mm adapter - which is included with the phone. The phone also comes with new Lightning earbuds, which plug into the charging port.  However, this means that users can no longer listen to music while simultaneously charging their phone, unless they use separate charging dock. Apple has also introduced its wireless AirPod headphones, but these are not included with the phone, and cost $159 (£159).   Every time you remove the headphones from the case and pop them into your ear, they will connect automatically. This is helpful if you're used to fiddling around with Bluetooth on other wireless headphones, ensuring they're forgotten by one device before you try to pair them with another in range. If two compatible devices are near to the AirPods case, you can choose to connect to the earphones via the control centre on your iOS device and selecting 'AirPods'. Slotting the headphones back into the case as music is playing will allow the track to keep going until you close the magnetic lid. The AirPods charge through their case, which in turn is charged by a lightning connector, just as you would an iPhone. Apple claims each AirPod has a battery life of roughly five hours, while we found an hour's worth of continual listening depletes the battery by about 16%.  Although users feel it will only be a matter of time before they lose the AirPods, Apple's CEO Tim Cook says he 'has never personally had one fall out since using them'. The tech tycoon suggests it is the wires connected to the earbuds that pull them out of people's ears The case itself carries around 19 hours worth of power on a single charge, equating to around 24 hours battery, the company claims. When the AirPods are not in your ears, they're not using battery power and will automatically recharge once slotted back into the case.  The pair use optical sensors and infra-red technology to sense when they've been removed from the wearer's ear.  Slotting the headphones back into the case as music is playing will allow the track is keep going until you close the magnetic lid. The case itself carries around 19 hours worth of power on a single charge, equating to around 24 hours battery juice, the company claims Pulling one earphone out of your ears pauses your music, which resumes when inserted back.  If you remove both earphones, you'll need to manually press play to resume playback. One unexpected downside of this is it makes it hard to tell if the volume of your music, podcast or video is noisy enough to disturb others around you. Instead of the remote control embedded on the EarPods' wire, you can skip songs or adjust the volume by gently double-tapping on one of the rounded buds, which triggers Apple's digital assistant, Siri Instead of the remote control embedded on the EarPods' wire, you can skip songs or adjust the volume by gently double-tapping on one of the rounded buds, which triggers Apple's digital assistant, Siri. Speaking phrases including 'Resume playback', 'Skip song', or asking Siri to play a certain artist will draw up a selection of their popular tracks, and it smoothly recognised each of our requests - even more complicated demands like 'play the last song'. The only scenario when Siri got slightly confused was when we asked it to 'start playing music', as it prefers 'start playing'. IPHONE 7 AT A GLANCE  - New gloss black and black colours - Faster A10 processor  - iPhone 7 plus now has a wide angle and a telephoto lens - New Retina HD display is 25% brighter  - Now water and dustproof  - Home button has force feedback  - Stereo speakers at top and bottom with double the volume of previous version - New wireless AirPod headphones available as an extra - No headphone socket - but adapter and lightning EarPods will be in every box  - Boosted battery life Apple claims could add 2 hours Siri does tend to err on the side of caution: asking it to turn down the volume from 50 per cent caused the music to become almost inaudible. The AirPods fit comfortably into the ear, and don't tend to need much readjustment once they're in.  The audio quality is excellent, and is surprisingly bassy and well-rounded.  We were also impressed at the sheer volume they were capable of - a song played at maximum volume through the AirPods sounded much louder than the included lightning connector EarPod pair. The EarPod headphones bundled in with the phones have been given a makeover, and are significantly better at noise retention than the predecessors. One point worth bearing in mind is the price.  At £159 in the UK and $159 in the US, the AirPods are undoubtedly expensive, but not ludicrously so when compared to other wireless headphones currently available at a similar quality.  The pair use optical sensors and infra-red technology to sense when they've been removed from the wearer's ear Our key concern is how easy it would be to lose them.  Misplacing one or both of the little AirPods or their small case is not beyond the realms of possibility, especially as they aren't connected to each other with a wire the way that the majority of wireless headphones are. However, this ultimately hinges on how careful you are with them. One question on many people's minds following the Apple event was how likely the AirPods are to fall out of your ears whilst exercising. We put this to the test by taking them on several runs on a variety of terrains, including flat pavement, grassy hills and steep cobbles.  We experienced no problems whatsoever in terms of the headphones working themselves loose or falling out, and found that they didn't skip or need to be twisted more deeply into the ear like others we've tried in the past. We would welcome a set of small buttons on one or both of the AirPods' stems to skip or replay tracks and change the volume while exercising, as Siri voice commands are just not suitable during exercise The audio was clear and loud, but we found it very difficult to skip tracks or change the volume via Siri.  Breathing heavily while exercising doesn't lend itself well to speaking commands, and we found it easier to change songs and adjust sound levels using a paired Apple Watch than on the AirPods themselves.  So while Siri commands work well in general environments, you might struggle with them whilst running or playing sports. Overall, the audio standard and brilliant pairing and charging technologies make AirPods an attractive prospect for Apple fans with multiple other iOS, macOS or watchOS devices looking to invest in new wireless headphones for use across the entire product range VERDICT:  ARE THE AIRPODS WORTH BUYING? We've always been largely unimpressed with the quality of Apple's EarPods headphones, and were hoping to see a dramatic improvement in their standard following Apple's acquisition of Beats in 2014. As a result, we are relieved the new lightning EarPods are so much better than their predecessors. With the AirPods, Apple has created a bold new kind of wireless headphone, removing the annoyances of struggling to pair and remembering to turn them off to avoid battery drain.  They're surprisingly good at staying put within your ear, and the battery life is commendable. With the AirPods, Apple has created a bold new kind of wireless headphone, removing the annoyances of struggling to pair and remembering to turn them off to avoid battery drain  Again, the price is steep enough to put some people off, but we would argue $159 (£159) is not entirely unreasonable for high quality wireless headphones - AirPods are roughly in line with their rivals. The likelihood of losing them is real, but this fault lies in the hands of the consumer, rather than the manufacturer.  We would, however, welcome a set of small buttons on one or both of the AirPods' stems to skip or replay tracks and change the volume while exercising, as Siri voice commands are just not suitable during exercise. Overall, the audio standard and brilliant pairing and charging technologies make AirPods an attractive prospect for Apple fans looking to invest in new wireless headphones for use across the entire product range. They're not perfect, but for a first generation product, they're pretty good. Read more: Exclusive: Apple CEO Tim Cook Dispels Fears That AirPods Will Fall Out of Ears - Yahoo Exclusive: Apple CEO Tim Cook Dispels Fears That AirPods Will Fall Out of Ears - ABC News Apple delays AirPod rollout, don¿t expect them in October | TechCrunch Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Bag the best Black Friday bargains NOW: The biggest sales day of the year is nearly here - and you can find... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  849 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Elyse Betters26 October 2016Headphones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Contrary to what Apple first said, the AirPods won't launch this month. When Apple unveiled its wireless AirPods in September, it said they would be available in late October. The world therefore expected Apple to announce during its 27 October event an actual release date for the earbuds - maybe the company would even launch them after the event.  Nope. Apple has confirmed to TechCrunch and CNET that it is delaying the launch of its first pair of wireless headphones. In a statement, Apple said it needs "a little more time before AirPods are ready" for customers. Although it didn't provide a new release date for the £159 headphones, Apple explained it doesn't "believe in shipping a product before it’s ready". Such an Apple thing to say. We're not sure why Apple has delayed the product. It could be a technical issue, but that's just speculation. It's not common for the company to delay launching products, so this news definitely has the rumour mill fired up. For more details on what Apple might actually unveil during its "Hello Again" event, such as the new MacBook Pro with an OLED touch panel, check out this round-up. Sections Apple Headphones Source: CNET Source: TechCrunch Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth B&O BeoPlay H7 review: Not at the top of its game Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Monster Elements review: Bass by the bucket load Popular In Headphones On Pocket-lint Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth B&O BeoPlay H7 review: Not at the top of its game Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Monster Elements review: Bass by the bucket load The SteelSeries 9H Gaming Headset delivers tournament-grade audio worthy of any pro gamer (39 per cent off) Best Headphones 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Beats Solo 3 wireless headphones review: Bass solo Audio-Technica ATH-DSR9BT preview: A digital future for high-end headphones Ditching the DAC: Audio-Technica DSR9BT Bluetooth headphones go all-digital with Pure Digital Drive tech Enjoy top sound in any weather with these ultra-portable Bluetooth earbuds (66 per cent off) Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Market Extra Get email alerts Senior-citizen portfolios are nearly doubling the returns of millennials this year By Ryan Vlastelica Published: Oct 26, 2016 4:37 p.m. ET Share TD Ameritrade breaks down the most popular stocks held by four different generations Fox Searchlight/Courtesy Everett Collection As a generation, seniors’ portfolios are up more than 10% this year. Take that, young whippersnappers! By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter Young people might like to say that their elders don’t understand them, just as baby boomers and senior citizens may be mystified by the antics of those wacky millennials, but when it comes to stocks, the generation gap is pretty much nonexistent. According to data from TD Ameritrade, which mined the holdings of its retail clients, there is a high overlap between the top 10 holdings of the millennial generation, Generation X, baby boomers and senior citizens, though there’s also enough divergence that the gains of seniors this year are nearly double that of millennials. Five stocks are a top-10 holding for all four generations: Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft and General Electric. Another three — Berkshire Hathaway (the class B shares), Bank of America and Exxon Mobil — are held by three of the four. Apple is the top stock for each generation, which shouldn’t be surprising. Not only is it one of the best-known brands in existence, and a stock that has risen in fairly uninterrupted fashion for years, but it is the largest U.S. company by market cap. As such, it is a core component — if not the top holding — for dozens of equity-based mutual funds and exchange-traded funds. Similar reasoning could account for the other names, all of which are among the top 20 largest U.S. companies, as well as being bellwethers in their respective industries. In each generation, there is at least one stock that isn’t a top 10 holding for the others. For millennials, there are two: Walt Disney Co. and Tesla Motors. While the former is a Dow component and just as established as the more widely held companies, it could have particular appeal to younger investors, given they are the primary target audience for such Disney properties as Marvel, Pixar and “Star Wars.” Electric-car maker Tesla, on the other hand, could be a popular choice given the predisposition of millennials to environmentalism. (That said, Tesla appears just below oil giant Exxon among their holdings.) Disney and Tesla have been under pressure this year, with both down more than 10% in 2016. That has resulted in millennials posting the worst year-to-date performance of any generational group (assuming an equal weighting of holdings), though all four age groups beat the 4.7% gain of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.01%   Surprisingly, the generation of “Netflix and chill” doesn’t hold the streaming-media company as a top-10 holding. Instead, that outlier belongs to Generation X, where it is the generation’s eighth-most widely held company. The other company unique to Gen X is Google parent Alphabet Inc., which actually takes up two spots, with both its class A and its class C shares charting. Baby boomers only have one outlying company, but it’s one that defined the technological progress made throughout their lifetimes: the old-school technology giant Intel Corp. Seniors citizens were the only generation to eschew Berkshire, run by the 86-year-old legendary investor Warren Buffett. They were also the generation with the most unique portfolios relative to the other age groups. Three of their top 10 holdings don’t appear in the other generations: Johnson & Johnson, Verizon Communications and tobacco company Altria Group. Telecommunications and consumer staples are both considered defensive industries, meaning they outperform in market downturns. The sectors also tend to offer dividend yields above the broader market, which has contributed to seniors’ year-to-date outperformance, as dividends have become a popular investment strategy amid low bond yields. J&J, Verizon and Altria, in addition to being well-established brands, could reflect a preference on the part of seniors for a more conservative allocation. Younger investors, in contrast, can afford to be riskier, having more time to make up for any portfolio volatility. See the top 10 holdings of each generation below. Rank Millennials Generation X Baby Boomers Senior Citizens 1. Apple Inc. AAPL, -2.51%   Apple Inc. Apple Inc. Apple Inc. 2. Facebook Inc. FB, -3.31%   Facebook Inc. Facebook Inc. AT&T Inc. 3. Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -2.70%   Amazon.com Inc. Microsoft Corp. General Electric Co. 4. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, +0.64%   Bank of America Corp. General Electric Co. Exxon Mobil Corp. 5. Walt Disney Co. DIS, +0.25%   Microsoft Corp. Amazon.com Inc. Microsoft Corp. 6. General Electric Co. GE, -0.65%   Berkshire Hathaway Inc. AT&T Inc. T, -1.04%   Facebook Inc. 7. Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -1.52%   General Electric Co. Bank of America Corp. Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -1.58%   8. Bank of America Corp. BAC, +5.57%   Netflix Inc. NFLX, -1.22%   Intel Corp. INTC, -0.38%   Altria Group Inc. MO, -0.92%   9. Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, -0.46%   Alphabet Inc. (Class A shares) GOOGL, -2.40%   Exxon Mobil Corp. Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -1.09%   10. Tesla Motors Inc. TSLA, -3.77%   Alphabet Inc. (Class C shares)   GOOG, -2.38%   Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Amazon.com Inc. Average year-to-date return 5.35% 9.1% 8.7% 10.2% Source: TD Ameritrade More from MarketWatch Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Hillary Clinton Speaks to the Nation Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. MarketWatch Partner Center Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) Volume 798.2M Open 2,166 High 2,171 Low 2,156 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Volume 50.2M Open $107.71 High $107.81 Low $104.08 P/E Ratio 12.78 Div Yield 2.16 Market Cap 578.2B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $115.08 -3.94 (-3.31%) Volume 50.5M Open $119.13 High $119.13 Low $113.55 P/E Ratio 44.43 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 343.6B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $719.07 -19.94 (-2.70%) Volume 7.2M Open $745.51 High $746.00 Low $710.10 P/E Ratio 164.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 351.2B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $157.93 +1.01 (+0.64%) Volume 5.4M Open $157.48 High $158.16 Low $156.53 P/E Ratio 16.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 386.6B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $97.92 +0.24 (+0.25%) Volume 13.1M Open $97.56 High $98.31 Low $97.45 P/E Ratio 17.58 Div Yield 1.45 Market Cap 157.0B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $30.51 -0.20 (-0.65%) Volume 35.3M Open $30.74 High $30.85 Low $30.49 P/E Ratio 23.74 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 271.7B AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $36.13 -0.38 (-1.04%) Volume 23.8M Open $36.61 High $36.63 Low $36.10 P/E Ratio 15.34 Div Yield 5.42 Market Cap 224.2B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $58.12 -0.90 (-1.52%) Volume 39.4M Open $59.02 High $59.08 Low $57.28 P/E Ratio 27.94 Div Yield 2.68 Market Cap 458.9B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $116.60 -1.87 (-1.58%) Volume 9.8M Open $118.58 High $118.99 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 20.64 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 322.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $20.08 +1.06 (+5.57%) Volume 315.5M Open $19.41 High $20.20 Low $19.40 P/E Ratio 16.74 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap 192.6B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $113.38 -1.40 (-1.22%) Volume 9.9M Open $114.75 High $115.90 Low $110.68 P/E Ratio 306.43 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 49.3B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $34.48 -0.13 (-0.38%) Volume 20.7M Open $34.56 High $34.73 Low $34.20 P/E Ratio 16.26 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 164.0B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $61.19 -0.57 (-0.92%) Volume 8.8M Open $61.39 High $61.78 Low $61.03 P/E Ratio 23 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 120.4B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $85.28 -0.39 (-0.46%) Volume 12.3M Open $85.30 High $85.65 Low $84.33 P/E Ratio 39.85 Div Yield 3.52 Market Cap 355.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $753.22 -18.53 (-2.40%) Volume 3.6M Open $771.76 High $771.78 Low $743.59 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 524.6B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.18 -0.51 (-1.09%) Volume 20.9M Open $46.71 High $46.85 Low $46.01 P/E Ratio 13.42 Div Yield 5 Market Cap 190.3B Tesla Motors Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $181.45 -7.11 (-3.77%) Volume 6.5M Open $188.00 High $188.25 Low $178.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 28.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $736.08 -17.94 (-2.38%) Volume 3.6M Open $755.60 High $757.85 Low $727.54 P/E Ratio 26.94 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 524.6B LatestNews
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple says AirPod shipments to be delayed (Oct 26) By Reuters Published: 12:12 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 12:12 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple Inc said on Wednesday that its wireless AirPod headphones, which were supposed to hit the market this month, will be delayed. The company did not specify the reason for the delay. "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email to Reuters. Apple unveiled the AirPod at the launch of the latest iPhone last month. The new iPhones come without the analog headphone jack. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Elyse Betters26 October 2016Headphones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Contrary to what Apple first said, the AirPods won't launch this month. When Apple unveiled its wireless AirPods in September, it said they would be available in late October. The world therefore expected Apple to announce during its 27 October event an actual release date for the earbuds - maybe the company would even launch them after the event.  Nope. Apple has confirmed to TechCrunch and CNET that it is delaying the launch of its first pair of wireless headphones. In a statement, Apple said it needs "a little more time before AirPods are ready" for customers. Although it didn't provide a new release date for the £159 headphones, Apple explained it doesn't "believe in shipping a product before it’s ready". Such an Apple thing to say. We're not sure why Apple has delayed the product. It could be a technical issue, but that's just speculation. It's not common for the company to delay launching products, so this news definitely has the rumour mill fired up. For more details on what Apple might actually unveil during its "Hello Again" event, such as the new MacBook Pro with an OLED touch panel, check out this round-up. Sections Apple Headphones Source: CNET Source: TechCrunch Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth B&O BeoPlay H7 review: Not at the top of its game Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Monster Elements review: Bass by the bucket load Popular In Headphones On Pocket-lint Marshall launches new wireless on-ear cans called Mid Bluetooth B&O BeoPlay H7 review: Not at the top of its game Don't expect those wireless Apple AirPods to launch anytime soon Monster Elements review: Bass by the bucket load The SteelSeries 9H Gaming Headset delivers tournament-grade audio worthy of any pro gamer (39 per cent off) Best Headphones 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Beats Solo 3 wireless headphones review: Bass solo Audio-Technica ATH-DSR9BT preview: A digital future for high-end headphones Ditching the DAC: Audio-Technica DSR9BT Bluetooth headphones go all-digital with Pure Digital Drive tech Enjoy top sound in any weather with these ultra-portable Bluetooth earbuds (66 per cent off) Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tech Deals: $199 Off 15.4” MacBook Pro With Core i7 2.8GHz Processor, $100 Off 12” MacBook With Core M5 Processor + Other MacBook Discounts By Mike Luces On 10/26/16 AT 4:35 PM Close MacBooks are typically expensive, so it is common for consumers to look for deals that would save them some cash when purchasing one. Whether you are looking to buy your very own MacBook or you intend to get one as a gift to your loved one, our tech deals for the day already have you covered. Check out the amazing discounts below that could save you as much as $199 when you buy a 15-inch MacBook Pro. All tech deals featured here are guaranteed to be legit. They are available at Best Buy and MacMall, authorized sellers of Apple products. Both sites ship items on the same business day the orders were placed. For items ordered at Best Buy, there is an option where the buyer can simply pick up the device from any local Best Buy store. On the other hand, MacMall offers free 2-day shipping and free returns to its customers. MacBooks Photo: MacMall/Apple Authorized Reseller 15.4” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.8GHz Processor, 16GB RAM and 1TB Flash Storage Regular Price: $3,199 Discount: $199 Sale Price: $2,999.99 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: Save $199 when you buy this 15.4-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display that is powered by the fourth-generation Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.8GHz processor, Intel Iris Pro Graphics and AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2GB GDDR5 memory. Its 15.4-inch display with 2880 x 1800 screen resolution is said to be impeccable in bringing colors to life. As a mid-2015 model, this laptop features Apple’s latest Force Touch trackpad that minimizes every click. This MacBook Pro runs Mac OS X El Capitan out of the box and it is expected to last for up 9 hours on a single charge. Buy here! 15.4” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.5GHz Processor, 16GB RAM and 1TB Flash Storage Related Stories Is Apple Releasing iMessage For Android? Apple Taps Ex-BlackBerry Employees To Work On Its Car Software Apple Gears Up For Apple Watch Nike+ Launch Regular Price: $2,999 Discount: $184 Sale Price: $2,815 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: If you want a 15.4-inch MacBook pro with Retina display that still sports the Intel Core i7 processor but is not as expensive as the first tech deal, this offer is the one for you. This tech deal saves you $184 and you get to own a MacBook Pro with Retina display that is powered by a Quad-core Intel Core i7 processor that is clocked at speeds of up to 2.5GHz. The powerful processor works together with the Intel Iris Pro Graphics and AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2GB of GDDR5 in bringing superior performance whenever the laptop is in use. Compared to other laptops, this MacBook Pro comes with Apple’s famous Force Touch trackpad that executes commands and functions based on the pressure you apply on to it. Just like the first deal, this device runs Mac OS X El Capitan out of the box. Buy here! 13.3” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Dual-core Intel Core i7 Processor, 8GB RAM and 512GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,999.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,899.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: If you are looking for a smaller MacBook Pro, then this 13.3-inch variant is perfect for you. Similar to the previous tech deals, this one also comes with Apple’s famous Retina display. This laptop is powered by the fifth-generation Dual-core Intel Core i7 processor that is complemented by the Intel Iris Pro Graphics in bringing superb performance whenever the device is in use. This MacBook Pro houses 8GB of RAM and 512GB of flash storage. It has two Thunderbolt 2 ports, two USB 3 ports and HDMI. This deal saves you $100. Buy here! 12” MacBook with Intel Core M5 Processor, 8GB RAM and 512GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,599.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,499.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: Powered by a sixth-generation Intel Core M5 processor, this 12-inch MacBook delivers the full-size experience of Mac devices in a more compact body. Despite its small and thin frame, the device features a full-size keyboard and Apple’s advanced force-sensing Force Touch trackpad. This laptop has 8GB of RAM and 512GB flash storage, and it is available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold color options. As the latest model available on the market, this laptop typically sells for $1,599.99. With this tech deal you get to save $100. Buy here! 12” MacBook with Intel Core M3 Processor, 8GB RAM and 256GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,299.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,199.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: This tech deal saves you $100 when you buy Apple’s latest model MacBook that comes in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold color options. This is powered by an Intel Core M3 processor that works quite well with the Intel HD Graphics 515 of the device. It has 8GB of RAM and 256GB of flash storage. This laptop comes with a multifunctional USB-C port, a 12-inch Retina display and a battery pack that is capable of lasting for up to 10 hours. Buy here! MacBook color options Photo: Best Buy Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Microsoft One-Ups Apple, PC Manufacturers with Surface Desktop By Doug Mohney October 26, 2016 Once upon a time, Apple was king of hardware design, be it the desktop, laptop, or tablet. No longer.  Microsoft is now the one to watch as it hones in on designing high-end PCs for power users, with the Surface Studio its best piece yet.  The rest of the PC manufacturing world has yet to catch up, but it may not have to if the company continues to focus exclusively on elite design. Announced on October 26, Surface Studio is Microsoft's first all-in-one desktop, but not aimed at the traditional all-in-one niche of consumers. Instead, Studio is targeted directly at creative professionals, such as graphic artists – once Apple's go-to buyers. The new machine boasts a 28 inch touchscreen display with 13.5 million pixels and 10-bit color depth, better than 4K TV resolution at 192 ppi.  The display uses a "zero gravity" hinge, so it can be easily moved from a standard upright display into Studio Mode, a slanted angle that can be written on with a Surface Pen.  One could argue this feature alone makes Apple's efforts over the past three years look lame. If using a Surface Pen for creation on a high-resolution 28 inch workspace isn't impressive enough, Microsoft added a new control widget, Surface Dial, to complement the traditional Pen, keyboard and mouse.  Surface Dial is a round, puck-shaped device than can be used besides and directly on top of the Studio's screen.  Press and hold Dial to get a radial (circle) menu of tools to dial through or put it on the screen and see what software options are available.  For example, artists can more easily and quickly change a color or style by using Dial, rather than lifting up the Pen and having to sort through a set of menus; there's no interruption of drawing workflow. Depending on the app, Dial can be used to rotate or scale a canvas, tilt in 3D, adjust the volume on music, and access other tools.  The $99 Bluetooth accessory can also be used with the Surface and Surface Book in a number of applications. Microsoft emphasizes "the creative process" throughout its descriptions of the Surface Studio, again, the sort of thing Apple used to have a monopoly on.  You see a lot on ease of use and tools for working with media, while detailed hardware specs are submerged if they aren't needed. But creative tools aren't going to be cheap. The basic Surface Studio with 1TB of storage, an Intel Core i5, 8GB of RAM and 2GB RAM with a NVIDIA GeForce GPU will cost $3000 and be available on December 15. At the high end, a 2TB drive, Intel Core i7, 32GB RAM and 4GB graphics support will cost a whopping $4200.  All versions include 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, wireless keyboard and mouse, 4 USB 3.0 ports, mini Displayport, full size SD card reader, 3.5mm headset jack, a 1 Gig Ethernet port, 5 MP front facing camera with 1080p HD video, dual microphones, , XBox Wireless Controller support, and stereo speakers with Dolby Audio Premium.  If there are technical weaknesses in Studio, it's the lack of support for USB-C and WiGig. Everyone is going to compare the Surface Studio with the best Apple desktop hardware, because there's nothing else in the PC world that even comes close, both in terms of design and the target audience.  And maybe that's how Microsoft wants it, to be content with capturing mindshare among designers and other creative types, such as engineers, while the rest of the PC world makes lower cost commodity hardware for everyone else.  You can find a similar pattern in the Surface Pro and Surface Book offerings, with marketing and specs geared to compete and best Apple products with higher-end pricing to reflect quality. As strange as it sounds, we're less than three months from CES 2017.  It will be interesting to compare Microsoft's Surface hardware with the rest of the PC world's latest and greatest, but I suspect there's a lot of catching up to do. Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Doug Mohney Contributing Editor Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone By: Rob Enderle    11/10/2016 The Blackberry DTEK60 is one of two phones I'm testing using the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset and matching radio. The common core features are … Read More PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse By: Rob Enderle    11/9/2016 I'm at DellEMC World this week in Austin and there have been a number of executives speaking to us to start off the event. Jeff Clarke is the Vice Cha… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Doug Mohney Latest Article: Telecom Chip Merger Madness Running Against Open Hardware Tide Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW 10 Hidden Costs of a Premises-Based Phone System DOWNLOAD NOW Data Man: Saving One Network at a Time DOWNLOAD NOW Measuring the Business Benefits of Knowledge Management for Customer Support DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
null
232966353382852 News Politics Things To Do EAT & DRINK Entertainment Secrets of NY Real Estate Transit Opinion Home News Top stories Today's paper Politics Things To Do Eat & Drink Top stories Restaurant openings Restaurant closings Entertainment Top stories Celebrities Fashion Top stories Fashion week Pets Secrets of NY Real Estate Top stories City Living Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Transit Sports Opinion Top stories Jim Marguiles Cartoon roundup Weather It's apple season, which is as good a reason as any to drink some cider. (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) http://www.amny.com/eat-and-drink/new-york-ciders-blackduck-awestruck-and-other-local-cideries-to-try-1.12509275 Keep your drinking local this autumn with ciders from New York. http://cdn.newsday.com/polopoly_fs/1.12509414.1477516341!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/display_600/image.jpg Comments Eat and Drink New York ciders: Blackduck, Awestruck and other local cideries to try By Jillian Jorgensen   jillian.jorgensen@amny.com October 26, 2016 Advertisement Advertise here The crunching leaves, the chilly wind, it can only mean one thing: Rosé season is over and cider season has arrived. While this year's expanded Cider Week NYC is focusing on reminding people that cider is a year-round drink, there's something especially nice about enjoying it during the season when New Yorkers flock to pick-your-own orchards to take apples home fresh from the farm. And many of the New York apples that don't wind up plucked by orchard-goers are used in locally made hard ciders. The vast majority of the more than 20 ciders available at Monday night's Cider Revival, hosted at the Bowery Hotel as part of Cider Week, were made in the state. If you're looking for a new way to enjoy cider, consider pairing it with cheese as you would wine. These ciders -- many of which are dry and much less sweet than the uninitiated might assume -- were served alongside fondue and other snacks from Murray's Cheese Bar Monday night, and they stood up to the savoriness. Here are eight ciders made in the state -- and even in the city -- worth seeking out this season. Descendant Cider Company's Pom Pomme Descendant Cider runs its operation right here in New York City, churning out small batches in Queens. Their Pom Pomme is a sparkling dry concoction that blends apples, pomegranate and hibiscus flowers. "It's pretty tart. It has a little bit of residual sweetness, but mostly it's dry," co-founder Jahil Maplestone said. (Descendant Cider, Queens, N.Y., descendantcider.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Descendant Cider runs its operation right here in New York City, churning out small batches in Queens. Their Pom Pomme is a sparkling dry concoction that blends apples, pomegranate and hibiscus flowers. "It's pretty tart. It has a little bit of residual sweetness, but mostly it's dry," co-founder Jahil Maplestone said. (Descendant Cider, Queens, N.Y., descendantcider.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Blackduck Cidery's Hamilton's Revenge Aaron Burr, beware. "It's 17% Riesling, 83% cider and 100% spite," cider maker John Reynolds said. "This is the purest form of an emotion that one can bottle and taste." Blackduck Cidery is way up in the Finger Lakes, but you can find their ciders locally. (Blackduck Cidery, Ovid, N.Y., blackduckcidery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Aaron Burr, beware. "It's 17% Riesling, 83% cider and 100% spite," cider maker John Reynolds said. "This is the purest form of an emotion that one can bottle and taste." Blackduck Cidery is way up in the Finger Lakes, but you can find their ciders locally. (Blackduck Cidery, Ovid, N.Y., blackduckcidery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Big Apple Hard Cider's Brooklyn Brew Enjoy Big Apple's Brooklyn Brew on its own or in a cocktail -- at the Cider Revival, it was paired with Hudson Baby Bourbon Whiskey as a cocktail called the Big Apple Bourbon. The cider is produced in the Hudson Valley and casked in Long Island, and it's perfected at a test kitchen right in Manhattan. (Big Apple Hard Cider, bigapplehardcider.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Enjoy Big Apple's Brooklyn Brew on its own or in a cocktail -- at the Cider Revival, it was paired with Hudson Baby Bourbon Whiskey as a cocktail called the Big Apple Bourbon. The cider is produced in the Hudson Valley and casked in Long Island, and it's perfected at a test kitchen right in Manhattan. (Big Apple Hard Cider, bigapplehardcider.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE Pennings Farm Cidery's Honey Hopped Cider Pennings Farm Cidery would make for a scenic fall day trip -- just about 50 miles from midtown, and home to its delicious Honey Hopped Cider. It's made with Braeburn, Red Delicious, Ida Red, Crispin, Fuji and Empire apples, with hops added in the fermentation process and sweetened with honey from the farm's own beekeepers. (Pennings Farm Cidery, Warwick, N.Y., penningscidery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Pennings Farm Cidery would make for a scenic fall day trip -- just about 50 miles from midtown, and home to its delicious Honey Hopped Cider. It's made with Braeburn, Red Delicious, Ida Red, Crispin, Fuji and Empire apples, with hops added in the fermentation process and sweetened with honey from the farm's own beekeepers. (Pennings Farm Cidery, Warwick, N.Y., penningscidery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Brooklyn Cider House's Kinda Dry Hard Cider "Ugly apples taste better" is the motto at Brooklyn Cider House, where cider is made with apples from an orchard in New Paltz. Brooklyn Cider House also has plans to open a production facility and tasting room in Brooklyn. The company has a cider for every palate: Kinda Dry, Bone Dry, Half Sour, and the most unusual, Still Bone Dry - which has no carbonation and no sugar. (Brooklyn Cider House, New Paltz, brooklynciderhouse.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) "Ugly apples taste better" is the motto at Brooklyn Cider House, where cider is made with apples from an orchard in New Paltz. Brooklyn Cider House also has plans to open a production facility and tasting room in Brooklyn. The company has a cider for every palate: Kinda Dry, Bone Dry, Half Sour, and the most unusual, Still Bone Dry - which has no carbonation and no sugar. (Brooklyn Cider House, New Paltz, brooklynciderhouse.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Awestruck's Lavender Hops Cider Apples, hops and lavender combined into a bittersweet, herbaceous cider: What could go wrong? (Awestruck Ciders, Sidney, N.Y., awestruckciders.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Apples, hops and lavender combined into a bittersweet, herbaceous cider: What could go wrong? (Awestruck Ciders, Sidney, N.Y., awestruckciders.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Leonard Oakes Estate Winery's SteamPunk Cider SteamPunk Cider uses both bittersweet apples and dessert apples, Fuji and Braeburn, for a balanced flavor. "It kind of gives it the apple character, more floral, more apple-like on the front palate with the sweetness, and then finishes with the tannins from the bittersweet or bitter-sharp varieties," said cider maker Jonathan Oakes. (SteamPunk Cider from Leonard Oakes Estate Winery, Medina, N.Y., oakeswinery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) SteamPunk Cider uses both bittersweet apples and dessert apples, Fuji and Braeburn, for a balanced flavor. "It kind of gives it the apple character, more floral, more apple-like on the front palate with the sweetness, and then finishes with the tannins from the bittersweet or bitter-sharp varieties," said cider maker Jonathan Oakes. (SteamPunk Cider from Leonard Oakes Estate Winery, Medina, N.Y., oakeswinery.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Hardscrabble Cider's Dry Cider Hardscrabble Cider is just 45 minutes outside the city, making it another great day trip contender. Its dry variety pairs nicely with fish. (Hardscrabble Cider, North Salem, N.Y., hardscrabbleciderny.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) Hardscrabble Cider is just 45 minutes outside the city, making it another great day trip contender. Its dry variety pairs nicely with fish. (Hardscrabble Cider, North Salem, N.Y., hardscrabbleciderny.com) (Credit: Jillian Jorgensen) ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE NYC, in your inbox. Sign up for NYC news plus the scoop on things to do, see and eat. sign up More like this Best of New York: Our picks for NYC's top bars Wagamama, the beloved U.K. ramen chain, arrives Where the Gilmore girls would hang out in the city Comments Back to Top Services Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps OUR NETWORK Newsday News 12 Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect MSG Varsity News Elections Entertainment Celebrities Fashion Fashion Week Secrets of New York Sports Things to do Events this week Weekend best bets Eat & Drink Food events Rooftop bars Opinion Mark Chiusano Jimmy Margulies Cartoon roundup Real Estate City living Brooklyn Bronx Manhattan Queens Staten Island Transit Live updates About AMNY Staff & Bios Contact us Jobs at amnewyork SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE 240 W 35TH ST., 9TH FLOOR NY, NY 10001 646.293.9499 FAX: 212.239.2828 COPYRIGHT © 2016 NEWSDAY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple AirPods delayed because they're not ready for consumers iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 26, 2016 72 shares 61 10 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               When Apple announced the iPhone 7, it also revealed AirPods, its new set of totally wireless headphones. Apple said that the AirPods would be released in October, but with just a few days left in the month, Apple has now confirmed that its new headphones have been delayed. Apple has confirmed that its AirPods aren’t quite ready for launch, and so they won’t make their original October release. In a statement to TechCrunch, Apple said that it needs “a little more time” before AirPods are ready for consumers’ ears. The company’s full statement is as follows: “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers.” This news is disappointing for consumers that were planning on picking up some AirPods this month, especially since Apple hasn’t given us a new release date to look forward to. It’s unclear exactly what about the AirPods needs to work on before they’re released, but it’s probably wise for Apple to hold them back until they’re ready, as it’d probably be even more frustrating for consumers if AirPods were released on time but ended up being buggy. Whenever they’re launched, Apple’s AirPods will cost $159. Source:  TechCrunch iOS Apple Previous ArticleiOS 10.1.1 update rolling out with bug fixes, including fix for Health data issue Next ArticleApple reports Q4 2016 results, including 45.5 million iPhones sold Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Why I still pine for iMessage on Android T-Mobile wants you to bring the Google Pixel to its network, will give you $325 for doing so The coolest gadget from this week: Microsoft's Surface Dial BlackBerry Executive Says DTEK60 Comparable With iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. French Apple Store Smasher Sentenced, Ordered To Repay $19K In Damages Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share French Apple Store Smasher Sentenced, Ordered To Repay $19K In Damages October 26, 2016 4:15 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup super smash brother bad consumers apple store dijon france apple The man who went on a phone-smashing spree at a mall near Dijon, France, reportedly because the company wouldn’t replace his defective iPhone, has received a six-month suspended prison sentence. He must stay away from the mall and pay Apple back for his destruction spree. While the man now says that he was filled with uncontrollable rage at Apple, he looked very calm on camera as he moved through the store methodically smashing every display model with a hollow steel ball used in the Bocce-like game pétanque. Yeah, let’s watch the video again. How much did that spree cost? That turned out to be a dispute between the French criminal justice system and Apple, since the store apparently whisked the smashed items away and replaced them with new displays before the police could inspect the crime scene. While Apple claimed that the destroyed merchandise was worth €60,000 ($65,415), the tribunal set the amount that the disgruntled customer has to repay at €17,548 ($19,134). The correctional tribunal (where misdemeanors are prosecuted in France) noted that the items destroyed were display models, and shouldn’t necessarily be valued at their original retail price. The tribunal also imposed a €300 ($327) fine for violence against a mall security guard, and two years of probation. Dijon: condamné après avoir saccagé l’Apple Store [Le Figaro] (via AppleInsider) October 26, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup super smash brother bad consumers apple store dijon france apple Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related super smash brother Man Smashes Apple Store Merchandise, Yelling About Consumer Rights that's a lotta jeans Thieves Steal $11K Worth Of Jeans Over Two Days From JCPenney let me see your card for a sec... Apple Pay Lets Man Scan, Use Wife’s Citi Credit Card Without Additional Verification yanked Apple Pulls Civil War Games From App Store For Images Of Confederate Battle Flag Used In “Offensive” Ways hiding in plain sight Police: Thief Dressed Like Apple Employee Walks Out Of NYC Store With 19 iPhones Previous Verizon Executive: We’re Still Waiting For More Info On Yahoo Breach Next Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Delays AirPods, October Launch No Longer Happening – Mac Rumors Posted on October 26, 2016 by Mac Rumors When Apple debuted its AirPods in September, the company said the wireless earbuds would launch in late October. Now that it’s late October, people have been wondering if a release is imminent, but as it turns out, the AirPods are delayed. Apple today … Apple’s wireless AirPods hit delays, won’t meet October launch windowAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple delays AirPod rollout, don’t expect them in OctoberTechCrunch Apple delays AirPods releaseCNET Business Insider -9 to 5 Mac -Engadget -ZDNet all 9 news articles …read more wrote 21357 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News New MacBook Pro Reviews: Should You Gamble On The Controversial Touch Bar? – Forbes Google also gets fooled by fake election news – Washington Post Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts – The Verge What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes – The Verge MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple says it needs more time before new ear buds are ready By Associated Press Published: 16:25 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:26 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple says it needs "a little more time" before it starts selling the new wireless ear buds that are designed to work with its newest iPhones — the ones that don't come with a dedicated headphone jack. The tech giant showed off what it calls "AirPods" last month, during an event where it also introduced the new iPhone 7 smartphones. But unlike the iPhones, which went on sale in late September, Apple had said the AirPods would go on sale in late October. Now the Cupertino, California company isn't saying when they'll be released, or why it needs more time. You can still listen to audio on the new iPhones by using other wireless headsets or plugging into the phone's charging port, although older headsets may need a plug adapter. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 3:53 AM Boeing rally lifts Dow, Apple weighs on S&P, Nasdaq At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The AFP photo shows the front of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: A rally in Boeing’s shares helped the Dow reverse course in the early afternoon session on Wednesday, while Apple continued to weigh on the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Apple’s shares fell 2.6% after the world’s most valuable public company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. Apple was the top drag on all three major indexes. The S&P 500 technology index fell 0.25%, weighing the most on the benchmark index. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world’s largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The stock gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Dow. Movement on Wall Street has largely been dictated by corporate earnings in the past few weeks, but events such as the Nov 8 US presidential election and the Federal Reserve’s policy meet next week have added volatility. Overall earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 2.2%, snapping a four-quarter streak of profit declines, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to grow at a 2.9% rate. “The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The CBOE Market Volatility index was up for the second day in a row, after having been in negative territory for the past five trading days. “While earnings in the technology sector haven’t been fabulous, you are going to have better performance in general out of the sector, because revenue is still growing and they have great cash flow,” Nolte said. At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The S&P 500 was down 1.04 points, or 0.05%, at 2,142.12 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 16.97 points, or 0.32%, at 5,266.43. One bright spot on the Nasdaq was Mondelez, which is on track for its best day in nearly two months after reporting a third-quarter profit that beat estimates. Chipotle Mexican Grill was on track for its worst day this year, with its shares off 8.2% after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 13.6% after the medical device maker reported third-quarter sales that missed expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,678 to 1,156. On the Nasdaq, 1,482 issues fell and 1,168 advanced. The S&P showed nine new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 44 new highs and 56 new lows. - Reuters You May Be Interested Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines TM signs RM916mil service deal with MYTV Broadcasting Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon Cyclist has grand tales to tell after going through 22 countries Nishikori thrashes wayward Wawrinka at Tour Finals Property Related advertisement Latest News Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Most Viewed in Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Mitsui Outlet Park KLIA to be SE Asia’s largest outlet mall Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Pelaburan Mara seeks to remove Aminuddin from PDZ board Telekom Malaysia to provide services to MYTV for RM916mil Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Bank Negara takes on currency speculators Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Take A Peek Inside a Robot Pizza Factory Apple May Be Planning a Bigger iPhone 8 Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable More The Ghost in the Shell Trailer is Here and We Still Have Some Questions Miyazaki is Coming Out of Retirement Again MovieBob Reviews: ARRIVAL (2016) As Expected, the First Trailer for Valerian Looks Stunning More LGBT Gamers Unite at GaymerX East Ubisoft Might Have Teased Two Upcoming Games in Watch Dogs 2 Goodbye B Games, Hello AAArtisanal Games Best Games to Get for the PlayStation 4 Pro More Mr. Robot Creator May Have Leaked A Bit of the Show's Third Season OUAT: The Mirror Has Two Faces Westworld Just Gave Us Its Biggest Twist Yet 15 Unanswered Questions We Still Have About Twin Peaks More Meet the Newest Member of the Archie Family: Reggie Elevens on 11/11: Our Favorite Eleven Fanart 5 Series From DC Comics’ Rebirth You Should Be Reading Writer "Fearless" Fred Kennedy, Talks Love of Sci-Fi and Fourth Planet More If You Crave Fries Over Cake, You May Have A Salt Tooth By the Power of Greyskull! New Masters of the Universe Toys Announced It Turns Out Rats Are Actually Ticklish Gear Up For Final Fantasy XV With This Final Fantasy Gift Guide More Tech 2016 MacBook Pro Leak Shows Off OLED Magic Toolbar By Lee Mathews 10.26.2016 :: 11:29AM EST Apple is finally going to refresh their MacBook Pro line-up. And while they won’t come with E Ink keyboards just yet, they will have that slick OLED touch bar — which Apple is calling the Magic Toolbar. At least that’s how things look now that Mac OS 10.12.1 has been released. How does the release of new software tell us anything about the new MacBooks? Because of a handful of images that were shipped with the update. The image above, for example, which is actually showing off two things apart from the existence of the Toolbar itself. First, there’s the arrival of Touch ID. The sensor is embedded at the far right side of the Magic Toolbar, and you’ll be able to use it to do the same things you can do on an iPhone or iPad. One of those things is making payments with Apple Pay. The second thing the image shows is the Magic Toolbar’s contextual awareness. Knowing that there’s an Apple Pay prompt on the screen, the Toolbar helpfully draws an arrow to direct your finger to the Touch ID sensor — and places a cancel button at the opposite end in case you’re having second thoughts about your purchase. Apple has a big event scheduled for tomorrow, so you don’t have long to wait to find out whether the Magic Toolbar will ship on the 2016 MacBook Pro. While the Magic Toolbar and Touch ID are being added, several other things are believed to be going away — like the MagSafe port, SD reader, and HDMI output. The headphone jack is sticking around, though, and the MacBook Pro will feature several USB Type-C ports… unlike the standard MacBook. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Apple laptops leaks macbook Speak Your Mind More in Tech 11.14.2016 :: 2:15PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Take A Peek Inside a Robot Pizza Factory Tech 11.14.2016 :: 12:00PM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech Apple May Be Planning a Bigger iPhone 8 Tech 11.12.2016 :: 11:32AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone Tech 11.11.2016 :: 3:00PM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable Tech 11.11.2016 :: 11:15AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech An Electric Vespa Is Finally In The Works Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Miyazaki is Coming Out of Retirement Again Movies 11.14.2016 :: 6:00PM EST Mr. Robot Creator May Have Leaked A Bit of the Show's Third Season Television 11.14.2016 :: 5:15PM EST LGBT Gamers Unite at GaymerX East Games 11.14.2016 :: 4:30PM EST Star Trek Gift Guide to Fulfill All Your Starfleet Dreams Deals More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow By Reuters Published: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos Oct 26 (Reuters) - Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at $145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to $44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley woman accused of taking 1-year-old behind bars Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 at 1:10 PM Oct 26, 2016 at 1:10 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero APPLE VALLEY — An Apple Valley woman accused of taking her 1-year-old from the child's legal guardian Tuesday was behind bars on suspicion of child stealing. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department deputies arrested Desirina Lee Fontes after responding to a report that a child was physically removed from their legal guardian. Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station spokeswoman Trish Hill said Fontes, who is the biological mother, took the child a little after 5 p.m. Authorities said Fontes stepped into traffic in the 21600 block of Bear Valley Road with the child. Hill said deputies wound up detaining Fontes after she refused to give up the child. She was arrested at approximately 6 p.m. Both Fontes and the child were not harmed, Hill said. Fontes was being held at West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga in lieu of $50,000 and is expected to be arraigned in a Victorville courtroom Thursday afternoon, booking records show. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's AirPods are delayed Antonio Villas-Boas Oct. 26, 2016, 3:43 PM 8,793 facebook linkedin twitter email print Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Apple told TechCrunch on Wednesday that it needs "a little more time" before it can release its truly wireless earphones, called AirPods. Here's what the Apple spokesperson told TechCrunch: "The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." The AirPods were originally meant to be released in October. Unfortunately, there's no telling how much time Apple needs or when it'll release the AirPods. You can read our review of the AirPods here. A lot of fancy tech is packed into the sleek and slim AirPods package. Apple's AirPods are essentially Bluetooth earphones with Apple's W1 chip, which makes for easy pairing and connecting to your Apple devices when you open the AirPods charging case. It's one of the best things about the AirPods, as the pairing and connecting process with regular Bluetooth headphones can be a frustrating and convoluted affair. The AirPods also sense when they're in your ears to automatically start and stop music. One thing they're missing, however, is good music controls. As my colleague Steve Kovach wrote in his review, "you have to do everything through Siri or directly on your phone" and tell it what you want out loud, which isn't as easy as tapping a button or swiping a touch surface for simple tasks, like adjusting volume or playing the next song. Either way, they're overall a good, convenient pair of wireless headphones. Just try not to lose them —or even just one! EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: Everything you need to know about Apple's new AirPods NOW WATCH: People try on Apple's new wireless 'AirPods' for the first time Loading video... More: Apple AirPods Wireless headphones iPhone Wireless Audio facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's AirPods are delayed Apple's AirPods are delayed Apple told TechCrunch on Wednesday that it... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 China is still dragging Apple down Jeff Dunn Oct. 26, 2016, 3:38 PM 1,776 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Apple has suffered its first annual revenue decline since 2001. Though that means the company “only” generated $215.6 billion in the past year, the drop has still made plenty of analysts skeptical. One of the biggest drags on Apple’s earnings has been China. After being touted as a major source of growth potential by CEO Tim Cook, and after enjoying big success there to start, Apple has suffered a continuous series of sales declines in the region over the past few quarters. This past quarter, its China sales fell 30%. As this chart from Statista shows, the company’s dollar sales growth in China has dropped by $10.2 billion in the last year. Over that time, the iPhone has lost swaths of market share to local upstarts like Oppo and Vivo. The company has also run into a number of regulatory issues with local officials. On Thursday’s earnings call, Cook remained bullish, noting China’s wider economic struggles and saying the iPhone’s initial gains gave it further to fall than usual. The company is confident iPhone 7 and 7 Plus sales will give it a boost. And if the 2017 iPhone is as mindblowing as its already massive hype suggests, that should only help. But there’s a reason Cook and company are putting more eyes toward India: The sharks want growth, and Apple hasn't really shown how it's going to get more of it from its former cash cow.  Statista EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The newest Apple Watch couldn’t come soon enough for Apple NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Smartphones China Sales iPhone Sales facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru China is still dragging Apple down China is still dragging Apple down Apple has suffered its first annual revenue... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple says AirPods aren't ready to be shipped Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 4:17 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple needs &#039;a little more time&#039; for airpods</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Josh Lipton reports on a statement released by Apple stating the company needs more time before the AirPods are ready for customers.</p> Apple needs 'a little more time' for airpods    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 3:52 PM ET | 02:51 Apple's wireless earbuds will see a shipping delay, the company told CNBC on Wednesday. "The early response to AirPods has been incredible," Apple told CNBC. "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." AirPods are listed as available in "late October" on Apple's website, so it is unclear whether there is a new timeline for the product. The AirPods, a wireless version of Apple's hallmark white earbuds, claim to be more power efficient than Bluetooth devices, thanks to a special communications chip. The $159 device came alongside a new phone with no 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. But after their debut in September, reviewers complained the AirPods "look odd" and had occasional glitches. Audio experts told CNBC that launching AirPods gives Apple a first shot at a new market, even if the technology is still in the early stages. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Gadgets The Auxillite is the best-looking iPhone 7 headphone dongle so far New, 11 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Oct 26, 2016, 4:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin While Apple includes a free 3.5mm-to-Lightning adapter with every iPhone 7, there’s been an onrush of alternative solutions that hope to replace Apple’s dongle with different designs and restore the ever important option to charge your iPhone and listen to music at the same time. The Auxillite's simple aluminum design makes it look like something I'd be Okay with having on my phone The Auxillite is another crowdfunded adapter that hopes to make up for Apple’s 3.5mm omission by adding a Lightning port and headphone jack to the iPhone 7. It takes a different approach to most of the other solutions we’ve seen so far, by positioning the headphone and second Lightning port perpendicularly to the iPhone's charging port, allowing for a much slimmer profile on the bottom of the phone. And while there have been other dual-port iPhone 7 adapters, the Auxillite's simple aluminum design and small size makes it look like something I'd actually be okay with having on my phone (that I also wouldn't be afraid of suddenly snapping off). There are two versions of the Auxillite: the standard model and the Auxillite S, that includes a foldable kickstand for propping up your phone. The Auxillite also serves as a DAC (playing back 16-bit audio with a 44.1kHz/48kHz sampling frequency and 24-bit audio with a 96kHz sampling frequency) and is also available in a Micro USB version. I assume any Android devices using the Auxillite would mostly be to benefit from the allegedly higher quality DAC, since I’m not currently aware of any major Micro USB phones that don't have a 3.5mm headphone jack. A USB-C version might have made more sense, given that there actually are USB-C phones without headphone jacks, but I guess that may have to wait for a later Auxillite model. Additionally, due to apparent "safety issues / design limitation[s]," the Micro USB Auxillite isn't able to simultaneously play music and charge a phone at the same time. The Auxillite costs $13 for the regular version and $17 for the Auxillite S, and is hoping to ship in January. As always with crowdfunded hardware, it’s important to be aware that the company has never shipped a product before. While Auxillite has applied for Apple’s MFi hardware certification, it has yet to receive approval. That said, if you're going to have to have an extra adapter for your iPhone to charge and listen to music simultaneously, the Auxillite could be the nicest-looking option available. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus review Via: Design Taxi Source: Auxillite (Kickstarter) Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 4 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 4 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple leaves AirPod buyers up in the air: Firm admits it 'needs a little more time' as it delays $159 wireless headphones They were scheduled to go on sale in 'late October'. Apple CEO said the AirPods have never fallen out since he has used them    MailOnline was given an early glimpse of the AirPods ahead of Oct release By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:14 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 07:27 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares 47 View comments Apple's $159 AirPods created a huge amount of interest when they were revealed alongside the iPhone 7 earlier this year. However, Apple fans hoping to snag a pair of the headphones are in for some bad news - Apple has delayed their release, and refused to reveal when they will actually go on sale. 'The early response to AirPods has been incredible,' an Apple spokesperson told TechCrunch. Scroll down for video  Apple's $159 AirPods created a huge amount of interest when they were revealed alongside the iPhone 7 earlier this year - but buyers will have to wait to get their hands on a pair. 'We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,' The wireless ear buds were scheduled to go on sale in late October and cost $159 Although users feel it will only be a matter of time before they lose the AirPods, Apple CEO Tim Cook says he 'never personally had one fall out since using them' and has used them on treadmills. In an exclusive interview with Good Morning America, earlier this year, Tim Cook said it is the weight of the wires that pull the headphones out of people's ears, and by cutting the wires, the earbuds should now stay in place. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Microsoft launches its first PC: $3,000 Surface Studio has... Apple to launch THREE versions of the iPhone 8: Flagship... Does Facebook's facial scanning technology violate privacy... You are NOT as anonymous as you think online: Browsing... Share this article Share 14 shares With the introduction of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple made one of the boldest moves smartphone design has seen in recent years - the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack. The reason behind the decision, Apple executive Phil Schiller explained was 'the courage to move on and do something new that betters all of us.' Cook spoke with Robin Roberts on ABC News' 'Good Morning America' about the concerns consumers might have about Apple's new AirPods. 'There's a little case that you put the Airpods in and magnetically they're sort of sucked down into the case,' he told Roberts. AirPods (pictured right) resemble Apple's older white EarPods (pictured left) minus an attached cable, and connect to your iPhone using a form of Bluetooth technology 'The wires tend to help the ear bud fall out right because it applies weight on the earbuds.' 'By snipping the wires, I have never personally had one fall out since I have been using them.' Roberts joked with Cook that a colleague was convinced he was going to lose the new headphones, something many people around the world have been saying. 'I've been on treadmills, walking, doing all the things you normally do,' Cook said, adding, 'You know how you walk around with the earbuds and they're constantly getting caught on something? You never have that problem.' A report on abc also reports that the tech guru reveals he dances wearing them too. The interview will air on Wednesday morning from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. ET.  The microphone at the bottom of the AirPods worked well, except during exercise, when heaving breathing made commands difficult for Siri to understand   The wireless ear buds are scheduled to go on sale in late October and cost $159, but Rhiannon Williams with MailOnline was given a sneak peek into the new world of Apple's wireless headphones.   AirPods resemble Apple's older white EarPods minus an attached cable. They connect to your iPhone using a form of Bluetooth technology.  They work to a distance of around 10 metres from the paired device, meaning if you wander away any further, the connection will drop. To pair them with an iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch or Mac running the latest iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra software, open their small magnetic carry case close to the device and wait for a notification asking to connect.  Roberts joked with Cook that a colleague was convinced he was going to lose the new headphones, something many people around the world have been saying WHAT DOES THE CHANGE MEAN FOR YOU?  Owners of the iPhone 7 will not be able to directly connect any headphones with a traditional 3.5mm plug.  If people want to use other wired headphones, they will need to use the Lightning 3.5mm adapter - which is included with the phone. The phone also comes with new Lightning earbuds, which plug into the charging port.  However, this means that users can no longer listen to music while simultaneously charging their phone, unless they use separate charging dock. Apple has also introduced its wireless AirPod headphones, but these are not included with the phone, and cost $159 (£159).   Every time you remove the headphones from the case and pop them into your ear, they will connect automatically. This is helpful if you're used to fiddling around with Bluetooth on other wireless headphones, ensuring they're forgotten by one device before you try to pair them with another in range. If two compatible devices are near to the AirPods case, you can choose to connect to the earphones via the control centre on your iOS device and selecting 'AirPods'. Slotting the headphones back into the case as music is playing will allow the track to keep going until you close the magnetic lid. The AirPods charge through their case, which in turn is charged by a lightning connector, just as you would an iPhone. Apple claims each AirPod has a battery life of roughly five hours, while we found an hour's worth of continual listening depletes the battery by about 16%.  Although users feel it will only be a matter of time before they lose the AirPods, Apple's CEO Tim Cook says he 'has never personally had one fall out since using them'. The tech tycoon suggests it is the wires connected to the earbuds that pull them out of people's ears The case itself carries around 19 hours worth of power on a single charge, equating to around 24 hours battery, the company claims. When the AirPods are not in your ears, they're not using battery power and will automatically recharge once slotted back into the case.  The pair use optical sensors and infra-red technology to sense when they've been removed from the wearer's ear.  Slotting the headphones back into the case as music is playing will allow the track is keep going until you close the magnetic lid. The case itself carries around 19 hours worth of power on a single charge, equating to around 24 hours battery juice, the company claims Pulling one earphone out of your ears pauses your music, which resumes when inserted back.  If you remove both earphones, you'll need to manually press play to resume playback. One unexpected downside of this is it makes it hard to tell if the volume of your music, podcast or video is noisy enough to disturb others around you. Instead of the remote control embedded on the EarPods' wire, you can skip songs or adjust the volume by gently double-tapping on one of the rounded buds, which triggers Apple's digital assistant, Siri Instead of the remote control embedded on the EarPods' wire, you can skip songs or adjust the volume by gently double-tapping on one of the rounded buds, which triggers Apple's digital assistant, Siri. Speaking phrases including 'Resume playback', 'Skip song', or asking Siri to play a certain artist will draw up a selection of their popular tracks, and it smoothly recognised each of our requests - even more complicated demands like 'play the last song'. The only scenario when Siri got slightly confused was when we asked it to 'start playing music', as it prefers 'start playing'. IPHONE 7 AT A GLANCE  - New gloss black and black colours - Faster A10 processor  - iPhone 7 plus now has a wide angle and a telephoto lens - New Retina HD display is 25% brighter  - Now water and dustproof  - Home button has force feedback  - Stereo speakers at top and bottom with double the volume of previous version - New wireless AirPod headphones available as an extra - No headphone socket - but adapter and lightning EarPods will be in every box  - Boosted battery life Apple claims could add 2 hours Siri does tend to err on the side of caution: asking it to turn down the volume from 50 per cent caused the music to become almost inaudible. The AirPods fit comfortably into the ear, and don't tend to need much readjustment once they're in.  The audio quality is excellent, and is surprisingly bassy and well-rounded.  We were also impressed at the sheer volume they were capable of - a song played at maximum volume through the AirPods sounded much louder than the included lightning connector EarPod pair. The EarPod headphones bundled in with the phones have been given a makeover, and are significantly better at noise retention than the predecessors. One point worth bearing in mind is the price.  At £159 in the UK and $159 in the US, the AirPods are undoubtedly expensive, but not ludicrously so when compared to other wireless headphones currently available at a similar quality.  The pair use optical sensors and infra-red technology to sense when they've been removed from the wearer's ear Our key concern is how easy it would be to lose them.  Misplacing one or both of the little AirPods or their small case is not beyond the realms of possibility, especially as they aren't connected to each other with a wire the way that the majority of wireless headphones are. However, this ultimately hinges on how careful you are with them. One question on many people's minds following the Apple event was how likely the AirPods are to fall out of your ears whilst exercising. We put this to the test by taking them on several runs on a variety of terrains, including flat pavement, grassy hills and steep cobbles.  We experienced no problems whatsoever in terms of the headphones working themselves loose or falling out, and found that they didn't skip or need to be twisted more deeply into the ear like others we've tried in the past. We would welcome a set of small buttons on one or both of the AirPods' stems to skip or replay tracks and change the volume while exercising, as Siri voice commands are just not suitable during exercise The audio was clear and loud, but we found it very difficult to skip tracks or change the volume via Siri.  Breathing heavily while exercising doesn't lend itself well to speaking commands, and we found it easier to change songs and adjust sound levels using a paired Apple Watch than on the AirPods themselves.  So while Siri commands work well in general environments, you might struggle with them whilst running or playing sports. Overall, the audio standard and brilliant pairing and charging technologies make AirPods an attractive prospect for Apple fans with multiple other iOS, macOS or watchOS devices looking to invest in new wireless headphones for use across the entire product range VERDICT:  ARE THE AIRPODS WORTH BUYING? We've always been largely unimpressed with the quality of Apple's EarPods headphones, and were hoping to see a dramatic improvement in their standard following Apple's acquisition of Beats in 2014. As a result, we are relieved the new lightning EarPods are so much better than their predecessors. With the AirPods, Apple has created a bold new kind of wireless headphone, removing the annoyances of struggling to pair and remembering to turn them off to avoid battery drain.  They're surprisingly good at staying put within your ear, and the battery life is commendable. With the AirPods, Apple has created a bold new kind of wireless headphone, removing the annoyances of struggling to pair and remembering to turn them off to avoid battery drain  Again, the price is steep enough to put some people off, but we would argue $159 (£159) is not entirely unreasonable for high quality wireless headphones - AirPods are roughly in line with their rivals. The likelihood of losing them is real, but this fault lies in the hands of the consumer, rather than the manufacturer.  We would, however, welcome a set of small buttons on one or both of the AirPods' stems to skip or replay tracks and change the volume while exercising, as Siri voice commands are just not suitable during exercise. Overall, the audio standard and brilliant pairing and charging technologies make AirPods an attractive prospect for Apple fans looking to invest in new wireless headphones for use across the entire product range. They're not perfect, but for a first generation product, they're pretty good. Read more: Exclusive: Apple CEO Tim Cook Dispels Fears That AirPods Will Fall Out of Ears - Yahoo Exclusive: Apple CEO Tim Cook Dispels Fears That AirPods Will Fall Out of Ears - ABC News Apple delays AirPod rollout, don¿t expect them in October | TechCrunch Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Bag the best Black Friday bargains NOW: The biggest sales day of the year is nearly here - and you can find... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  849 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Tech Headphones Apple delays AirPods launch New, 67 comments They're not ready yet by Jacob Kastrenakes Oct 26, 2016, 3:57pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple is delaying the launch of its first pair of wireless headphones, the AirPods, which were supposed to come out sometime this month. In a statement, first given to TechCrunch, Apple says that it "need[s] a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers." It didn't provide an estimate for when the headphones would launch, only saying that "We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready." It sounds like there's something left to fix It's not clear exactly what the holdup is. Apple sent out preproduction AirPods units for various reviewers to test out alongside the iPhone 7. At the time, there didn't appear to be any major bugs. But it sounds like there's some sort of technical issue that still needs to be worked out. Apple delaying products is pretty rare, but it's happened a few times in recent memory. Most recently, Apple delayed the launch of watchOS 2 on the day of its intended launch after discovering a bug. By putting out a statement on the AirPods ahead of time, Apple gets out of the way something that it'd likely rather not highlight during its on-stage presentation tomorrow morning, when it'll announce the new MacBook Pro. Apple AirPods first look Via: TechCrunch More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 4 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 4 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 10/32 yield 2.228%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.69 0.85%   Euro ▲ 1.0765 0.27%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Government-Bond Rout Deepens SEC Chairman White to Step Down, Opening Door to Conservative Shift GAO Poised to Release Review of Fed’s ‘Stress Tests’ Traders Salivate as Volatility Returns Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman as Next CEO Streetwise The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds IEX Looks to Snatch NYSE, Nasdaq Listings With New Hire CEO of Online Lender Prosper Steps Down Is Trump Right That Banks Can’t Lend? Dollar Surges on Rate Rise Expectations Ahead of the Tape Dick’s Sporting Goods Looks Winded George Soros Opens Stake in Largest China-Focused ETF Bitcoin Futures Might Be Coming Soon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Today's Markets Dow Industrials Rise Despite Drag From Apple Boeing’s gain helps keep the blue-chip index in positive territory, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite drops By Akane Otani and Mike Bird Mike Bird The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Bird @birdyword mike.bird@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 7:42 p.m. ET The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose as a gain by Boeing helped offset Apple’s losses. Corporate earnings have driven some of the largest moves in stocks over the past week. More than a third of S&P 500 companies have reported quarterly earnings, according to FactSet, with energy, industrial and technology companies posting the weakest results so far. Apple, which reported its first annual revenue decrease in 15 years,... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search How Surface Studio takes on iMac in 5 steps Chris Burns - Oct 26, 2016 7 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The Microsoft Surface Studio was revealed this morning in a presentation that may be making Apple apprehensive. You see, Apple has an event taking place tomorrow, and they’ll be revealing their own machines. It’s likely Apple will have a set of new MacBook Pro units ready for the public then. But for now, Microsoft is attempting to get in while the getting is good. Microsoft made some top notch moves in their presentation this week. The company dedicated their last 100 (give or take a few hundred) presentations to work and games. Now, at last, Microsoft comes out punching for creative applications. The Surface Book i7, Windows 10 VR, and game streaming upgrades were interesting on their own. But it’s the Surface Studio where Microsoft is aiming to change the way creative people make art. And design things, and illustrate, and conjure up 3D sculptures in the digital realm. 1. Industrial Design This desktop machine’s industrial design is much like the newest wave of Surface devices. That means sleek, simple, and quite plain – in a good way. This machine is silver matte aluminum and has a small black bezel around its edges – and little else. The display is on display and is ready for use as a tool, too. With a “Zero Gravity Hinge” the user will be able to move the height of the display and angle up and down with ease. The weight of this PC is 21.07 lbs max (9.56 kg) – we’ll have to assume for now that most of the weight is in the base. Angles at which the user can work and holding tight when the time comes will be important. The iMac doesn’t move like that. 2. Surface Pen In this device is the hardware necessary to work with the newest Microsoft Surface Pen. The Surface Pen works with 1,024-levels of pressure sensitivity and “a working eraser.” This stylus can attach to the side of the Surface Studio magnetically, like the rest of the Surface line. Apple has the Apple Pencil, but it only works with the iPad Pro (for now). Microsoft has worked with a variety of software partners to make sure the Surface Studio is tops. Surface Studio’s integration with the Surface Pen works with pro creative apps aplenty. SOLIDWORKS works, as does Autodesk and Adobe Premiere Pro. 3. Surface Dial In a fashion sort-of like Wacom’s Cintiq Touch display, the Surface Studio includes a menu tool. This tool is not like Wacom’s – Wacom’s is a set of soft-press buttons. The Surface Dial is a device which can do many things, including summoning a set of menues inside Windows 10. Proximity of the Dial to the display changes what’s seen and available for selecting. The Surface Dial is able to adjust the volume of a music track, or scroll through pages in a web browser. The Dial can let users “fly through” cities in Windows Maps by zooming in tangent with touch controls. All the while, this Dial provides haptic feedback to further the connective experience. Microsoft’s Surface Dial can be had separate from the Surface Studio. In fact it works with several Surface devices, and is available from Microsoft online for a cool $99 USD. The only down side to this piece of equipment is its necessity for 2x AAA bateries (included). But Microsoft does mention a “12 months typical” battery life (with 4-hour daily use). 4. Specs Battle A Surface Studio with 1TB storage, 8GB RAM, and Intel Core i5 processor rings in at $2,999. This device has a 28-inch display with resolution 4500 x 3000 and 10-point multi-touch. This device has adjustable head and body hinges so it’s able to function at a wide variety of angles. An Apple iMac with 1TB of storage, 8GB RAM, and Intel Core i5 processor rings in at $1,799. This device has a 27-inch display with resolution 5120 x 2880 and no touch capabilities. This device’s display angle adjustments rest in its head alone. The iMac has a sharper display, and its display is 1-inch smaller. The Surface Studio is not limited to what it’s able to do with a mouse/touchpad and keyboard. Surface Studio comes with a touchscreen, Surface Pen, and Surface Dial for creative control. 5. Xbox The Surface Studio is able to work with an Xbox One Wireless Controller right out the box. This and the fact that this device runs Windows 10 makes plain its more open ability to play games of all sorts. Windows 10’s “Xbox Play Anywhere” games allow shared progress from Xbox One to PC and back again. Lots of games are available on the iMac – but most games come to Windows first, and often not to OS X at all. Apple hasn’t made the major strides in controlling the gaming experience that Microsoft has. While there are PCs better for straight up gaming, the Surface Studio has some real potential. In addition to the Surface Studio, Microsoft has a number of creative bits and pieces ready for release. Have a peek at details about the Windows 10 Creators Update and have at it soon. Especially if you have a Surface device, things are about to get wild. Story Timeline Windows 10 Creators Update release comes with Paint 3D [UPDATE] Surface Book i7 release date and pricing join power and battery life Microsoft Surface Studio AIO goes toe-to-toe with iMac Surface Studio pricing info and release date detailed Surface Dial pricing and release date info revealed Tags All in oneDesktopiMacMicrosoftMicrosoft EventPCstylussurfaceSurface StudioWindowsWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Urban South more than doubles brewing capacity after 7 months in operation Q&A: How will a Trump presidency affect employers? Hood Container to add jobs, upgrades at St. Francisville facility New technology lab headed to Algiers US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise Marine research center will break ground in Gulfport Initial unemployment claims in Louisiana rise Trump, GOP face no easy task to ‘repeal and replace’ Obamacare Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb By: The Associated Press October 26, 2016 0 After a brief rally, U.S. stocks are again turning mostly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. Health care stocks are falling while banks and industrial companies inch higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,215 as of 3:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite shed 31 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,252. WATCHING AND WAITING: Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.05, or 2.6 percent, to $115.20 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, along with Alphabet and Intel, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. MALLS MAULED: Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.51, or 4.3 percent, to $188.76. Office space company Boston Properties lost $2.61, or 2.1 percent, to $122.72 after investors were disappointed by its forecasts. CATCHING A CHILL: Drugmaker Merck gave up its gains from the day before and fell $1.19, or 1.9 percent, to $60.76. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $17.99, or 15.8 percent, to $95.70. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $14.17, or 10.2 percent, to $124.24 following a disappointing report. THE QUOTE: Wren said investors don’t care that much if corporate earnings rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 42 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $10.61 and insurer Chubb rose $4.49, or 3.7 percent, to $126.94. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. BOEING GETS GOING: Boeing made its biggest jump since the beginning of 2015. The stock jumped $6.80, or 4.9 percent, to $145.82 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing is responsible for almost all of the Dow’s gains. Other industrial companies like Northrop Grumman and Ingersoll-Rand also climbed. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.74, or 4.1 percent, to $44.50. OIL: The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $38.67, or 9.5 percent, to $367, its lowest price in three years. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft” while its spending grew. The stock lost $3.53, or 8.4 percent, to $38.42. Other airlines including American and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan’s EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals’ Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn’t had direct competition since then. Over the last few months Mylan has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. Mylan stock lost 79 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $37.89 and it’s down 22 percent since mid-August. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Dow Jones US Stocks 3:03 pm Wed, October 26, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones US Stocks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Judge revives parish’s lawsuit over coastal wetlands loss November 11, 2016 Money US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains November 14, 2016 American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again November 14, 2016 Tech Talk New technology lab headed to Algiers November 14, 2016 Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise November 14, 2016 Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines November 11, 2016 Ports & Transportation Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines November 11, 2016 Drill Bits Trump eyes oil billionaire, lawmaker for energy secretary November 14, 2016 Senate GOP leader says he asked Trump to back Keystone November 11, 2016 US stocks mostly down in midday trading; oil heads lower November 11, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Urban South more than doubles brewing capacity after 7 months in operation Q&A: How will a Trump presidency affect employers? Hood Container to add jobs, upgrades at St. Francisville facility New technology lab headed to Algiers US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks mixed, Apple slides on outlook Margreet Dietz Thursday October 27, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on Stocks on Wall Street were mixed amid a disappointing outlook from Apple. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil but Boeing boosted the blue chips. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to 18,199.33. The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.6% to 5250.27 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index eased 0.2% to 2139.43. In the Dow gains in Boeing and Nike shares, trading 4.7% and 1.9% higher respectively, offset slides in Apple and Merck shares, down 2.2% and 2.0% respectively. While Apple's latest quarterly earnings per share exceeded analysts’ expectations, they were disappointed with its outlook for iPhone sales, especially given rival Samsung's woes. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple's products are still seen favourably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," retail research firm Conlumino head Neil Saunders wrote in a note, according to Reuters. The latest US economic data were better than anticipated. The US trade deficit shrank 5.2% to $US56.1 billion in September, bolstering hope the third-quarter GDP growth might beat expectations. "We now believe the boost from trade could be closer to a full percentage point, almost twice what we had expected," Connecticut-based RBS chief economist Michelle Girard told Reuters. Ms Girard now predicts real GDP growth in the third quarter at 3.3%. Separately, a Commerce Department report showed new home sales rose 3.1% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000 units in September, an unexpected gain. Mondelez improves Mondelez International shares climbed 3.6% after the maker of Cadbury chocolate upgraded its full-year profit forecast. The company has increased its full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expects growth of about 25% on a constant-currency basis, Mondelez says. "Our third quarter results underscore our continued commitment to improving operational efficiency, expanding margins and profitably growing volume while also investing in strategic growth initiatives for the longer term," chief executive Irene Rosenfeld says. "In the face of challenging market conditions, we're building a stronger, more streamlined company that is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and attractive cash generation." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.4% slide from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index slipped 0.1%, Germany's DAX Index dropped 0.4% lower, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index shed 0.9%. Bayer profit up Germany's Bayer, which agreed to buy Monsanto in a $US66 billion deal, reported better than expected quarterly profit bolstered by its pharmaceutical unit. Even so, Bayer shares closed 1.4% lower in Frankfurt as investors are concerned about weakness in its Crop Science division. Pharmaceuticals posted "encouraging" sales growth of 7.6% in the quarter, Consumer Health sales grew 3.6%, while sales of Crop Science were level year-on-year, Bayer says. "Earnings are not strong enough to fuel markets," Dusseldorf-based Bankhaus Lampe equity strategist Ralf Zimmermann told Bloomberg. "Some investors who had expected accelerating earnings may be disappointed." (BusinessDesk)   Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7126 -0.0001 -0.01% AUD 0.9415 -0.0006 -0.06% EUR 0.6631 -0.0003 -0.05% GBP 0.5693 -0.0003 -0.05% HKD 5.5288 0.0144 0.26% JPY 77.1170 0.0020 0.00% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1221.7 -5.300 2016-11-14T00: Oil Brent 44.4 0.760 2016-11-14T00: Oil Nymex 43.3 0.550 2016-11-14T00: Silver Index 16.9 -0.490 2016-11-14T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6737.8 6749.0 6737.8 0.15% NASDAQ 5246.3 5247.2 5237.1 -0.36% DAX 10750.6 10802.4 10668.0 0.24% DJI 18876.8 18934.0 18847.7 0.11% FTSE 6730.4 6814.2 6730.4 0.34% HKSE 22344.2 22359.0 22531.1 -1.37% NI225 17690.2 17698.4 17672.6 0.13% ASX 5345.7 5345.7 5345.7 -0.63% Most Popular Read Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Quake day two: Wellington CBD reopens, rescue mission on way to Kaikoura Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Publishing giant accuses NZ’s largest high school of copyright infringement Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Commented Auckland bureaucrats 'out-of-control' with $500K new slogan Simon puts Telecom back together Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told NZ POLITICS DAILY: 10 reasons why anti-Establishment politics could hit New Zealand Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Auckland Chamber of Commerce head Michael Barnett gives a rundown on what's wrong with the city's new detested logo Tim Hunter on the latest turmoil at Mad Butcher National president of the Restaurant Association Mike Egan on how the earthquake has impacted small businesses in the capital “It’s an ultra-cautious market,” says ANZ senior economist Philip Borkin on Currency Talk Nevil Gibson reveals Lion's plan to expand its New Zealand wine interests after selling its Australian premium brands Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks mixed, Apple slides on outlook
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google acquires Eyefluence as part of virtual and augmented reality projects Here are all the apps that will support Microsoft’s Surface Dial at launch Apple says it needs ‘a little more time,’ delays AirPods release Zachary Gilbert October 26, 2016 3:51pm When Apple announced AirPods, its new wireless ear buds, at its September iPhone 7 keynote, the company said the wireless headphones would launch in October. It’s now late October and we still don’t have an idea when the AirPods will ship. There could be more to this story than we thought. Apple has informed TechCrunch via a statement that it needs “a little more time” before releasing its AirPods and no longer has plans to ship the headphones in October. Apple went on to say that despite the fact that its AirPods have been well received, it doesn’t want to ship a product before it’s ready, so the company has delayed the shipment of the devices. Apple did not say what caused the delay. Back in September MobileSyrup Senior Editor Patrick O’Rourke reviewed Apple’s AirPods, and was impressed with their performance and connectivity, titling the review, “welcome to the wireless future.” We’ll be sure to provide updates when we can, but for now, the wireless future will have to wait a little longer. SourceTechCrunch MXM4K They’re so easy to lose that Apple themselves lost them, and needs more time finding them… It’s Me They don’t want to rush them out and risk exploding earbuds. Mawhayden Ouch…. Smanny The price is too much for what you are getting, plus there are others that offer a lot more functionality than Apples AirPods, and they work on multiple platforms as well. Some offer CD or HD sound, some offer fitness tracking, and some offer music storage and play back on the earbuds. Some offer a combination of these features and more. Plus all of the others are way more discreet than Apples AirPods. They just sit in your ears. Apples stick out and hang down the side of your face. When it comes to looks, Apples get the lowest marks in my books. It’s like I would advertising for Apple. But I have to pay them a lot of money to advertise for them. cappein It is definitely possible that the airpods have been exploding pre-shipment, and Apple is infuriatingly trying to fix the issue. It’s Me Well, they do use Samsung batteries for many of their products… Supa_Fly BULL. These are basic Bluetooth Stereo headphones. Ericsson was the creator of the tech and certifies the BT stack, SonyEricsson has for over 10yrs made stereo BT headphones and has NEVER missed shipment dates, NEVER! Apple’s first is delayed and “before it’s ready” then you should’ve have NOT announced it before proper and thorough testing. This reminds me of the PowerMac G4 Cube with bad acrylic forming wtih bubbles and cracks which broke without transport. Jabra will get my money pay day – day after this launch was originally expected. Jabra Sport Pulse Jabra Sport Elite. It’s Me Ok buddy. Never meant to get your panties in a bunch. NEVER. cappein Well, at this point we know it’s not Samsung “batteries” that are problematic. So your point seems irrelevant. It’s Me You know that? Samsung doesn’t know that. They do probably know it’s not exclusively an SDI issue but they haven’t publicly ruled anything out yet. Strange that anyone would claim to know. cappein I don’t get what you’re saying. We know that both the SDI and ATL batteries have been exploding. What’s unknown is the mechanism that leads to the explosion, and therefore, they haven’t been able to reproduce the problem. In that sense, your argument that “they do use Samsung batteries for many of their products” and whatever that you’re implying with it, has nothing to do with this and is completely irrelevant. If the airpods did explode, it would have been Apple’s design fault that led to the eventual explosion. It’s Me This week, the head of SDI has admitted there is a defect in their batteries. What other defects contribute isn’t yet clear. So, perfectly relevant. Also, it was a joke. Lighten up. gommer strike A late product is late, but still has a chance to be good. A prematurely released, and bad product is bad forever. Mr_Smoosh Like the jack-less phone that accompanies these? gommer strike Kinda like the Moto Z and LeEco phones, which removed the headphone jack first? That’s the thing that all too many “no headphone jack” people all too often refuse to admit. Apple didn’t do it first(they never do). Always Android. Mr_Smoosh Of course I know apple is never first, my name isn’t brad. But apple has to take their lumps with the joys of greater press coverage. They introduced a phone with no headphone jack, but not to worry, there’s magic airpods that are better than mortal bluetooth or archaic wires. Only thing magical so far is the disappearing act. Haseeb Khan A late product is late, but still has a chance to be good. A prematurely released, and a bad product is bad forever. ** 🙂 Bob Loblaw No one wants to wear tampons in their ears. Cowpoke Speak fer yerself, Bobby Blue… Bob Loblaw Sorry Dolores. Cowpoke Speak up, son…I can’t hear ya! The Iceman Cometh These are garbage really. It’s hard enough holding onto a BT-enabled headset without having two separate pieces likes this and not eventually losing them. Another example of design over function. Eluder I disagree about design though in this case, these look hideous, and poorly designed. Therefore they got neither form, nor function here. demigod79 Yeah, Apple has been making some very questionable design decisions of late. First the Apple Watch (among the most ugly smartwatches on the market) and then the Apple Pencil (cannot be holstered, only lasts a day, plus they charge through the butt) and now the most ugly and impractical set of wireless earbuds. Why anyone would shell out so much money for such monstrosities is beyond me! (plus the sound quality is average, based on early reviews/previews) I really wonder how long it will take before tech journalists, and users, start calling out Apple on their BS? I mean, we now know that Apple’s approach with the iPad Pro (marketing it as a new type of computer) has failed and that the Apple Watch is tanking so fast that it didn’t even become a chance to become a fad. I’m guessing shitty products like the AirPods might be the next casualty, although the MacBook or iPhone are strong contenders as well (MS shocked the world with today’s announcement – will see what Apple has to offer tomorrow). TrickyDickie “I really wonder how long it will take before tech journalists, and users, start calling out Apple on their BS?” Lol! Never. To them, nothing could ever compare to their Apple products. Look at how they make endless excuses for them.. The Iceman Cometh Well I agree because my point is that Apple has chosen a weird design, thinking no doubt its hip and stylish, over the practical reality that these are going to end up being lost more often than not. Cowpoke Well hopefully they are tweakin’ ’em and improving the sound quality. Roger Apple’s goal is to make you lose them within a week of buying a pair, and then buy another pair. $$$$$ Cowpoke Right, son, but NO other company on the planet is out to make money….oh, wait. Roger Since when are you my father? While all for-profit companies are out to make money, some do it more ethically and graciously than others. Cowpoke Sure they do, kid. Sure they do. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Microsoft Surface Studio: An all-in-one PC aiming to steal Apple's design crown Microsoft unveils a PC aimed at professional designers, a machine with what it says is the 'world's thinnest LCD monitor'. By Nick Heath | October 26, 2016, 11:38 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus The Microsoft Surface Studio. Image: Microsoft Microsoft took the fight to Apple today, revealing an all-in-one PC targeted at professional designers using Apple Macs. The Surface Studio attaches a high-end desktop computer to what Microsoft claims is the world's thinnest LCD monitor, with a pin-sharp 4,500 x 3,000 resolution. Panos Panay, corporate VP of devices at Microsoft, pitched the machine as competing with the Apple iMac as a drafting table for designers and sketchpad for artists. "We built it for creators, for professionals," he told the crowd at a launch event in New York today. "We want it to transform the way you create and think about creating." He highlighted the machine's high resolution, ability to display more than one billion colors, and present drawings and documents at 1:1 scale with their paper equivalents, saying these features gave professionals the ability to see how their creations would look in the real world. The 28-inch, touchscreen display has 13.5 million pixels, which Microsoft claims is equivalent to about 60 percent higher resolution than a 4K TV, with 192 pixels per inch and a 3:2 aspect ratio. Despite weighing 13 pounds, the 12.5mm thick display feels 'weightless' to move, according to Panay, because of the support and flexibility provided by its counterbalanced hinge, made up of 80 custom parts. The display can be tilted from sitting at a right angle to about a 45-degree angle to a desk's surface, as seen below. When pushed almost flat, the Surface Studio is suited to being used with a Surface Pen, Microsoft's digital pen for writing and drawing on touchscreens, and in the demo at the launch event was shown being used by artists to draw and architects to annotate plans. Helping drive the display is an Intel Core i5 or i7 processor, up to 32GB of DDR4 memory, a 1TB or 2TB 'rapid hybrid drive' and up to an Nvidia GeForce GTX 980M - which Panay says benchmarks around 12,000 on 3D Mark. The Microsoft Surface Dial being used with the Surface Studio Image: Microsoft Complementing the Surface Pen is a new control device called the Surface Dial, which was shown being used with the Studio. The rotatable, brushed-silver dial was shown performing various tasks. Pushing down on it brought up a wheel on the Surface Studio's desktop, from which Panay showed how the dial could be turned to rotate an image on screen or to select a new color while drawing with the Surface Pen. It can also be used to zoom, scroll through documents and for other functions. The Dial can be bought separately from the Studio and is available for $99 for the Surface Pro 3, Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book. The Surface Studio runs Windows 10, and has a linear mic array in the screen to allow the OS' built-in virtual assistant, Cortana, to hear users from across the room, as well as an HD video camera and 2.1 surround sound speakers. Designed to create minimal clutter, the Studio has a single cable extruding from its aluminum case, which has four USB 3.0, an Ethernet, Mini DP, SD card and 3.5mm audio ports and packs a 270W power supply. The Surface Studio is available to pre-order now from $2,999, with Panay saying they would be available in "limited quantities" over the Christmas period. Richard Edwards, principal research analyst with Ovum, praised the machine for being proof that Microsoft could replicate the eye-catching design of its Surface Book and Surface Pro devices, important when appealing to professionals. "Microsoft still hasn't captured the trendy coffee shop, but it's clearly working on it." He said Microsoft would be hoping to build on the momentum it had captured with its Surface, with Microsoft reporting that both the number and size of deals in the commercial segment for Surface had increased by double digits year on year. However, the high price of the Surface Studio - roughly twice that of the 27-inch Apple iMac - has left Microsoft vulnerable to being undercut, he added. "With Surface Studio, Microsoft has created a new device category - something that Apple is aching to do. At a starting price of $2,999, this premium device leaves lots of room for other PC manufacturers, such as HP, Dell, and Lenovo, but it's clear whom Microsoft is wooing with this device: the creative pro." Edwards also cast doubt on its sales outside of a relatively small group of high-end design professionals. "A visit to the Dell online store points to the real issue: Windows 7, not Windows 10, is what business and corporate buyers are specifying," he said. "Like the iMac, Surface Studio is an exceptional device, by which I mean that the purchase of this device will be the exception rather than the rule. The Surface Studio is without doubt a stunning piece of kit, but city traders, software developers, and CAD engineers are likely, for the time being at least, to stick with the multimonitor display rig connected to Windows 7 PC." While also praising the Surface Studio's design, Mikako Kitagawa, principal research analyst with Gartner, said that even creative professionals, such as graphics designers and architects, may be reluctant to switch to Microsoft's all-in-one PC. "An all-in-one device is not the most cost effective device, as the users pay for both the computing unit and monitor at the same time," she said. "Creative professionals have already invested heavily in hardware and software. For instance, many professional illustrators use a high end drawing tablet and high resolution monitor at the same time." If those same professionals exclusively use macOS, as is the case in some creative outlets, then the high cost of switching to Windows will also be a deterrent, she said. It's also a difficult time to be entering the desktop computer market, with PC sales having been flat or falling for years and forecast to drop a further three percent in 2016. Even sales of Apple Macs, the family of devices home to the iMacs that Microsoft is challenging with its all-in-one PC, were down 500,000 units in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the year before. But with Microsoft warning the Surface Studio would only be available in limited quantities, concerns over the long-term prospects for the hardware may be premature. Microsoft fired more shots over Apple's bow, with the release of the Surface Book i7, a more powerful version of its laptop, with three times the graphics performance of the 'highest end MacBook Pro 13', according to Panay - a title that may not last long if Apple release a new MacBook Pro as expected on Thursday. Panay again talked up the device's appeal to professionals, claiming it would allow designers to run CAD tools 'without lag'. The new Surface Book has, Panay said, twice the graphics performance of its predecessor and a 16-hour battery life, 30 percent more than the previous Surface Book. A thermal redesign and new fan helps prevent the additional graphical processing power from overheating the device. He claimed the device, available for pre-order now from $2,399, is 'pound for pound, the most performant laptop on the market' and will be available in November. The laptop has a sixth-generation Intel Core i7 processor, an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M with 2GB GDDR5 memory and up to 16GB of RAM. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella took to the stage to drive home the message that Microsoft was focused on empowering 'creators'. "I believe the next 10 years will be defined by technology that empowers profound creation," he told the audience. "At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person on the planet to achieve more. We are the company that stands for the builders, the makers, the creators." Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Nick Heath Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Full Bio Contact See all of Nick's content Google+ @nickjheath × Full Bio Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:33 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 27 mins Microsoft aims at Apple with high-end PCs, 3D softwareBy Laura Bonilla | AFP – Wed, Oct 26, 2016 8:37 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Microsoft chief executive officer Satya Nadella talks at a Microsoft news conference October 26, 2016 in New York Microsoft launched a new consumer offensive Wednesday, unveiling a high-end computer that challenges the Apple iMac along with an updated Windows operating system that showcases three-dimensional content and "mixed reality." The US tech giant announced its first desktop computer, called Surface Studio, a $3,000 high-end "all-in-one" device that aims at creative professionals, a segment dominated by Apple. "We're creating a new category that transforms your desk into a creative studio," Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella said at the unveiling in New York. With a large, 28-inch (71-centimeter) hinged touchscreen display touted as "the thinnest desktop monitor ever created," Surface Studio adds to the Microsoft lineup of tablet and laptop devices for the premium segment. "It is a new class of device that transforms from a desktop PC into a powerful digital canvas, unlocking a more natural and immersive way to create on the thinnest display ever built," said Microsoft vice president Terry Myerson, The new PC has an ultra-HD 4.5K display, offering more pixels than most new high-definition televisions. It will be available in "limited quantities" for the upcoming holiday season, with more units available in 2017. The new device drew a mixed response from analysts. "Yes, this is very cool. But what?s the market for a $3,000 computer you can draw on? How many people have that job?" asked Benedict Evans of the venture firm Andreessen Horowitz in a tweet. But Avi Greengart at the research firm Current Analysis said the new Microsoft products "are aimed at setting the high mark for the Windows ecosystem." Microsoft also announced an updated Surface Book -- its high-end convertible tablet-computer -- which will sell for $2,400, adding improved graphics and computing power and with an estimated 16 hours of battery life. "It's for the people really pushing performance," Microsoft vice president Panos Panay said. The Surface devices allow users to create content onscreen with a special pen-stylus, and Microsoft introduced a new disk device called Dial which attaches to the screen and offers additional controls such as viewing the timeline of a creation. - New ways to create - Microsoft meanwhile announced its Windows 10 Creators operating system would be offered as a free update in early 2017, enabling users to create 3D content and delve into virtual and augmented reality. The update offers "new ways to create and play," said Myerson. The update will allow for a 3D capture application for mobile devices and a new version of the popular program Paint for 3D objects. The system will allow users to add three-dimensional emojis and to create and manipulate content they create or scan. Microsoft general manager Megan Saunders demonstrated how the capture application can scan a sand castle in three dimensions, and then mix that with other content. With the new Windows system, users will be able to experience virtual reality with Microsoft's HoloLens headgear and its Edge browser. Edge "will act as the portal to display 3D content on HoloLens," said Saunders. Microsoft said its hardware partners would be selling Windows-compatible virtual reality gear starting at about $300. Microsoft is aiming to keep users on Windows as many switch to new mobile devices powered by Apple or Google software. Analyst Patrick Moorhead at Moor Insights & Strategy said the move appears positive for Microsoft. "I like where Microsoft is going with Creators Update as it reflects PC differentiation and includes elements of what I believe consumers are interested in, albeit hard to execute upon," Moorhead said. The analyst added that "3D creation is difficult today and Microsoft is taking initial steps to bring it to the masses." With PC sales sputtering, Microsoft has been emphasizing its cloud computing and business services but is also working to stay relevant to consumers with Windows and its various computing and gaming devices. The new version of Windows will help users sift through email and other messages by creating "people" icons that show messages from important connections. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7570 +0.0015 +0.19% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6049 +0.0005 +0.08% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7033 +0.0002 +0.03% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WATCH LIST Apple is reportedly bringing the playlist to TV Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass October 26, 2016 We'll see. (Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) Share Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass October 26, 2016 Apple wants viewers to discover shows on Apple TV just like they find new music on Apple Music. The tech company is reportedly working on a new app that will recommend TV shows to viewers through Apple’s streaming platform, according to USA Today. The app will create customized watch lists for viewers based on the content they stream through Apple TV. Using the app, internally called “Watch List,” someone who watched AMC’s The Walking Dead on Apple TV, and also has FX’s streaming app, might be served a recommendation for The Strain, as an example. Apple is expected to announce the app this week. It’s unclear when, but the company is hosting an event tomorrow (Oct. 27) at its Cupertino, California headquarters. Apple did not immediately respond to Quartz’s request for comment. Streaming apps like Spotify and Apple Music have leaned on personalized playlists to differentiate themselves from a crowded sea of music services. Spotify’s Discover Weekly section, a fan favorite, has 4,500 curated playlists, while Apple has a mammoth catalog of 14,000 playlists, all created within the past year. Both music services, along with others like Pandora and iHeartRadio, tout the power of their playlist-generating algorithms, or their human curators. There’s still a lot of room to experiment with playlists in the TV realm though. Streaming video apps like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime Video offer customized recommendations for movies and shows within their apps, based on users’ viewing habits. But there’s no single app that really lets viewers discover programs across streaming services. Apple already opened the door for this kind of technology. Its current, fourth-generation Apple TV lets users search for movies and TV shows in multiple apps at once using Siri. And at its Worldwide Developer Conference in June, Apple announced that cable subscribers would be able to log in into all their network apps, like NBC and FXNow at once, instead of having to sign into each one separately. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss New MacBook Pro 2016 Rumors: Apple Pay, Touch ID, OLED – What’s Apple Showing Off Tomorrow? Technology 2 0 0 October 26, 2016 New MacBook Pro 2016 Rumors: Apple Pay, Touch ID, OLED – What’s Apple Showing Off Tomorrow? Kevin Bostic Fans of Apple’s MacBooks are waiting with bated breath, as the Cupertino tech giant has one more media event scheduled for Thursday, October 27. Word has it that Apple will be showing off new MacBook Pro models, and the newest rumors on the 2016 MacBook Pro update has Apple packing a whole range of new features into its new MacBooks. But just which rumors are the most believable? The newest reports come courtesy of MacRumors, which delved into some of the image resources built into Apple’s latest macOS update, macOS Sierra 10.12.1. Released yesterday, the new update — for the operating system that powers Apple’s MacBook, iMac, and Mac Pro lines — gave Apple sleuths the best indication of what to expect from tomorrow’s MacBook-focused event. 24 hours to go! Here’s what we may see from Apple tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/v4YBpbjCbK — MacRumors.com (@MacRumors) October 26, 2016 In particular, the macOS update showed images of a MacBook Pro with features just like those that have been rumored for months now. Namely, the MacBook Pro shown in the macOS internal images was missing its top row of function buttons. Instead, the new MacBook appears to have an OLED touch panel at the top of its keyboard where the function keys would normally be placed. What’s more, there appears to be a Touch ID function — a biometric fingerprint reader like those seen in Apple’s iPads and iPhones — built into the power button on one end of the OLED strip. Swapping out the function key row for a new OLED touch panel would allow Apple to make that row into a changeable aspect of the new MacBook Pro. That would allow Apple and other developers to change the information seen on the row depending on the context an application or website requires. What’s more, the inclusion of Touch ID would allow MacBook Pro users to pay for things on the internet, through applications, and through Apple’s App and iTunes Stores without having to go through the process of entering their personal information again and again. It could also allow users to log into their MacBooks without entering passwords. Aside from what Apple is expected to call its “Magic Toolbar,” the 2016 MacBook Pro updates are expected, of course, to see upgraded internals across the MacBook line, with faster, less power-intensive processors built in. The 13-inch MacBook Pro – the version seen in the images revealing the Magic Toolbar – is also likely to get a new speaker arrangement, with the speakers showing up on the side of the keyboard. Images of New MacBook Pro With Magic Toolbar Leaked in macOS Sierra 10.12.1 https://t.co/sTDVbJTbGL by @julipuli pic.twitter.com/OzxDx1Z5B8 — MacRumors.com (@MacRumors) October 25, 2016 As to that keyboard, it looks like it will be one of a number of form factor changes for the 2016 MacBook Pro line. Apple is expected to make the new MacBook Pro models thinner and lighter, and it looks like Apple may be bringing the “butterfly” keyboard mechanism seen on the Retina MacBook to this year’s MacBook Pro lineup. That will likely mean a shallower keyboard arrangement, a change that it might take some MacBook Pro fans a bit of time to get used to. As previously reported by the Inquisitr, some other more recent rumors have sprung up regarding the 2016 MacBook Pro that point to significant changes to the MacBook’s internals. Respected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo previously pointed to improvements in the MacBook Pro’s screen’s energy efficiency, up to 2TB SSD of storage, and a special processor to control the aforementioned Magic Toolbar as likely new additions for the 2016 edition of the MacBook Pro. Rumor also has it that the 2016 MacBook Pro lineup will see Apple ditching the HDMI port, the MagSafe power port, and the SD card slot, a possibility that might see some MacBook Pro fans holding off on upgrading. This year’s update might see the addition of four USB-C ports, though, so users with cutting-edge peripherals will likely be set for connectivity. That’s not all that Apple is expected to show off at Thursday’s media event, but the MacBook Pro upgrade is definitely the most anticipated of Apple’s revelations. Apple fans might also see new MacBook or MacBook Air models, and there’s a possibility that Apple will update its iMac lineup. For the most part, though, the MacBook Pro update is expected to be the focus of Apple’s event, and fans will want to tune in on Thursday, October 27, at 10 a.m. PST to see what Apple has waiting in the wings. [Featured Image by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kevin Bostic Tags: Apple, apple event, Apple Rumors, macbook pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: November 14, ‘Survivor Series’ Go-Home Show — Live Updates Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.3k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 0 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.4k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] 2 0 0 Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 0 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 0 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder 10 0 0 Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Release Date Rumors: Models Reportedly Feature Glass-Backed Bodies By Susmita Baral @sushbaral On 10/26/16 AT 3:20 PM Close The next generation of iPhones are slated to roll out in 2017 commemorating the 10th anniversary of the smartphone. The upcoming model—the iPhone 8—will reportedly feature a design change that was last used for the iPhone 4s: glass-backed bodies. Japanese news site Nikkei reports, citing a supply chain source, that Apple is working on three new iPhone 8 models and all three will have glass bodies held together with an aluminum frame. Previous rumors hinted that Apple would have one “premium” glass-back model and two standard models made of aluminum. The glass for the front and back of the devices will be sourced from Biel Crystal Manufactory and Lens Technology in China. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo told MacRumors glass bodies are both heavier and more fragile than aluminum bodies but technology has advanced so sturdiness and breakage are not concerns. Related Stories Apple Patents Advanced Camera Ahead Of iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Predicted Specs, Features "Apple has tentatively decided that all the 5.5-inch, 5-inch and 4.7-inch models will have glass backs, departing from metal casings adopted by current iPhones, and Biel and Lens are likely to be providing all the glass backs for the new iPhones next year," said Nikkei’s anonymous source, according to a report. While all three models are believed to have glass bodies, Nikkei reports the premium model will feature a “curved edge-to-edge OLED display” sourced by Samsung while the other two (a 4.7-inch and a 5.5-inch model) will have the usual LCD displays. Flexible OLED displays offer better viewing angles, superior contrast ratio, truer colors and a faster response time but they are also more vulnerable to water damage and have a shorter lifespan than their LCD counterpart. That said, Apple fans should not get too invested with the notion of front and back glass bodies, as it is too early in the development process to say for sure. It is entirely possible for Apple to make changes to its plans. Consider this: preliminary reports surrounding the iPhone 7 suggested that there would be two iPhone 7 Plus models—one 5.5-inch model would have a single camera and the other would have dual cameras. In the months leading up to the iPhone 7 launch, Apple reportedly nixed the iPhone 7 Plus single camera model. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook 7:51 October 27, 2016ArticleComments Off on While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Article – BusinessDesk Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) – Equities slid amid a disappointing outlook from Apple, while energy stocks fell with the price of oil.While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) – Equities slid amid a disappointing outlook from Apple, while energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In 2.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.03 percent advance. The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.7 percent. In 2pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.3 percent. In the Dow gains in shares of Boeing and those of Nike, recently trading 4.2 percent and 1.9 percent higher respectively, offset slides in shares of Apple and those of Merck, down 3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively. While Apple’s latest quarterly earnings per share exceeded analysts expectations, analysts were disappointed with its outlook for iPhone sales—especially given the rival Samsung’s woes. “In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple’s products are still seen favourably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was,” Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note, according to Reuters. The latest US economic data were better than anticipated. The US trade deficit shrank 5.2 percent to US$56.1 billion in September, bolstering hope that third-quarter GDP growth might beat expectations. “We now believe the boost from trade could be closer to a full percentage point, almost twice what we had expected,” Michelle Girard, chief economist at RBS in Stamford, Connecticut, told Reuters. Girard said she now predicts real GDP growth in the third quarter of 3.3 percent. Separately, a Commerce Department report showed new home sales rose 3.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000 units in September, an unexpected gain. Mondelez International shares climbed, up 3.6 percent as of 1.35pm in New York, after the maker of Cadbury chocolate upgraded its full-year profit forecast. The company has increased its full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expects growth of about 25 percent on a constant-currency basis, Mondelez said in a statement. “Our third quarter results underscore our continued commitment to improve operational efficiency, expand margins and profitably grow volume while also investing in strategic growth initiatives for the longer term,” CEO Irene Rosenfeld said in the statement. “In the face of challenging market conditions, we’re building a stronger, more streamlined company that is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and attractive cash generation,” Rosenfeld noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.4 percent slide from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index slipped 0.1 percent, Germany’s DAX Index declined 0.4 percent lower, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index shed 0.9 percent. Germany’s Bayer, which agreed to buy Monsanto in a US$66 billion deal, reported better-than-expected quarterly profit bolstered by its pharmaceutical unit. Even so, Bayer shares closed 1.4 percent lower in Frankfurt as investors were concerned about weakness in its Crop Science division. Pharmaceuticals posted “encouraging” sales growth of 7.6 percent in the quarter, Consumer Health sales grew 3.6 percent, while sales of Crop Science were level year on year, Bayer said. “Earnings are not strong enough to fuel markets,” Ralf Zimmermann, an equity strategist at Bankhaus Lampe in Dusseldorf, Germany, told Bloomberg. “Some investors who had expected accelerating earnings may be disappointed.” (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news DCC Blocks 2017 Petroleum Offer Theresa Gattung Venture Capital fund Tower estimates quake could trim profit by up to $7.2 mln MYOB awarded Service Provider of the Year Antipodes Gold Reverse Takeover Update Hamilton’s outlying villages see boost in house hunters New World Kaikoura re-opens NZ dollar little changed below 71 US cents as greenback Unique chance to develop consented lifestyle land in Twizel Candidates for Fonterra Board of Directors’ Election Go Green Expo a breeding ground for pseudoscience Update to Wellington roads Wellington highways closed due to surface flooding When strangers call bearing investment gifts: hang up Fonterra chooses Epson projectors for dynamic edge blending Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Software iOS iPhones Can Be Hacked By Opening a PDF, JPEG image or Font File iPhones Can Be Hacked By Opening a PDF, JPEG image or Font File Categories iOS SoftwareAuthor by Chris Black October 26, 2016 4,471 0 Today’s article is a warning for iPhone users who failed to update their devices to Apple’s latest iOS 10.1 release for iPhone and iPad. Apple’s iOS 10.1 contains an important security patch which prevents hackers from hijacking your iPhone or your iPad remotely. What I’m talking about here is an absolutely horrible flaw, an old iOS 10 vulnerability which goes by the name of CVE-2016-4673. Using this terrible flaw, hackers can basically take over your device by remote. All they have to do is to convince you to click on a cleverly designed piece of malware, which may look as innocent as a PDF, JPEG and/or a font file. You can get the respective malware while cruising a website or via an infected email message, the possibilities are endless. Upon clicking the respective piece of malware, a malicious code is executed on your Apple device, allowing the hacker to take full control over your iPhone or iPad. The good news is that Apple rolled out their latest iOS 10.1 and I strongly advise you to upgrade as soon as possible. The new mobile OS addresses the aforementioned vulnerability (remote-exec-flow)together with other things, eleven bugs fixes and other security flaws/updates: a remote code execution bug in Webkit, local code exec vulnerabilities, a flaw in contacts that will permit an app to view your Address Book details even if it doesn’t have access privileges (they were revoked) etc. If you’re using an older version of iOS, you should update your precious right now, that if  you don’t want to become some Russian kid’s drone in a Bot Net. And if you remember the massive DoS attack from last week, well, that’s what Bot Nets do, they take over various devices (including smartphones) which are later used to flood/take down websites. To update your iPhone or iPad, just go to Settings, General, Software Update. Source: iOS 10.1 Tags appleCVE-2016-4673iOS 10.1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: The Base Google Pixel XL 32GB Costs Approximately $285 to Make Next article Next post: WhatsApp Beta for Android Offers Video Calling Feature Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more Verizon Black Friday 2016 ad leaks with mobile deals OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing YotaPhone 2 Dual Screen Smartphone On Sale at $119,99 Moto Turbo 3 Renders Surface on Weibo OnePlus 4 Rumored Again With Dual Cameras, 8 GB of RAM and More iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design Huawei P10 Shows Up on GFXBench Revealing Specs UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review OnePlus 3T To Be World's First Smartphone With 8 GB of RAM Recent Comments Chris Black on UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review November 13, 2016 Chris Black on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 PETER TYSOE on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 maricio on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 kamal on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 Slider Widget Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15, 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14, 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14, 2016 iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 14, 2016 Samsung Galaxy C7 price listed at $459 in the United States November 14, 2016 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14 2016 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk

TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / Microsoft Surface Studio vs iMac Microsoft Surface Studio vs iMac by Andrew Williams 26 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Which is the best all-in-one PC? The Surface Studio is Microsoft’s long-awaited all-in-one PC alternative to the Apple iMac. To date no Windows AIO has managed to get close to toppling the mighty iMac. Most people couldn’t even name a Windows computer of this type. That’s about to change, but how does the Microsoft Surface Studio compare to Apple’s most desirable desktop? Here are our early thoughts. Surface Studio vs iMac – Design There are several different versions of the iMac. Screen sizes start at 21.5 inches, resolutions at 1080p. However, the model closest to the Surface Studio is the 27-inch 5K iMac. That said, all iMac models bear the classic glass and metal design Apple has used for years. It looks great and is slim, but there’s a fairly hefty metal “lip” on all models of the iMac. This matches the metal stand for an instantly recognisable look. See an iMac in a movie and you’ll know what it is, even if they block out the Apple logo. The Microsoft Surface Studio has less character to its design, but perhaps a more modern look as a result. By fitting all the components into the base rather than behind the display, Microsoft has managed the screen itself incredibly slim. Apple manages to make the iMac look skinny in pictures, but it actually bulges out significantly towards the centre. At just 12.5mm thick, the Surface Studio display looks more like a tablet than a computer monitor. That’s somewhat apt too, as unlike the iMac the Studio has a touchscreen. The machine’s casing is all-aluminium, and two chrome metal bars join screen to base, where the brains live. What we see here are two totally different approaches to designing an AiO. Microsoft’s is much less like a traditional desktop PC, as the hinge display stand allows it to fold almost flat, letting you approach it like a gigantic tablet if you like. The iMac just tilts a little. It’s a much stiffer design. Surface Studio vs iMac – Connectivity Like other AiOs, the Surface Studio and iMac don’t have a mind-bending array of connections, but both offer enough for most people, including the pros. The iMac has an Ethernet socket, four USB 3.0s and two Thunderbolt 2 ports on the rear, alongside a SDXC card slot and a headphone jack. The Surface Studio has four USB 3.0s, a mini DisplayPort, audio jack and an SDXC card slot. They all sit on the back edge of the base. Other iMac features include a pair of fairly good down-firing speakers hidden away in the back, and an HD FaceTime 1.2-megapixel camera at the top of the screen for video calling. The studio has a "2.1" speaker array, meaning it has two main drivers and a bass one, and an HD webcam that supports Windows Hello. This new-ish feature lets you sign into Windows with your face, rather than a password. Related: 5K iMac 27-inch review Surface Studio vs iMac – Display Apple offers several iMac display options. The base-level iMac has a 21.5-inch Full HD screen. Moving up the series, the Retina version comes with a 21.5-inch 4K screen and the ability to support up to 4,096 x 2,304 pixels on an external display. The one we really care about is the top-end 5K model, though. It has native resolution of 5120x2880 and can output to two 4096x2160 other displays or one 5120x2880 dual-cable display. Microsoft’s Surface Studio resolution is slightly lower, but still liable to blow the minds of those who haven’t used a PC like this before. It’s a 192ppi, 3:2 aspect display of 28 inches across, its resolution 4500 x 3000 pixels. It has a squatter aspect than the iMac. Resolution is not the most important factor for many pros, though. Colour accuracy is. Apple’s 5K iMac is calibrated to satisfy the DCI P3 colour standard, used in film production. It’s a great display. We won’t know quite how well the Surface Studio will fare in a colorimeter test yet, but at the launch Microsoft showed the computer hot-swapping between sRGB and DCI P3 colour standards. That there was no explicit mention of the Adobe RGB, which digs deeper into the red spectrum, suggests it might not be able to hit 100 per cent of that standard. But then neither can the 5K iMac, or many monitors under £1000. Both machines use LCD displays with 10-bit colour. The Microsoft Surface Studio display also has a completely different side the iMac doesn’t even touch. Part of the justification for the touchscreen and the weird-looking hinge is that the display can be laid almost flat, to 20 degrees, turned into a creative drawing surface. As well as a touchscreen, there’s a Studio pen that lets you treat the display a little like a Wacom graphics tablet, although Microsoft hasn’t yet talked about its pressure sensitivity. For a guide, the Surface Pro 4’s pen offers 1,024 levels: not bad at all. There’s also a radial controller that you stick on the screen to let you alter certain settings without having to take pen away from the surface with supported apps. Microsoft showed-off comparable ‘object recognition’ in the original Surface Table from years ago. One demo of the Surface Dial was an artist using it to roll back changes in a drawing. Creative professional are often prone to droning on about how much they love their Macs, but the Surface Studio is starting to look like a good reason to switch over. Need more? Palm rejection support is in and the pen seems to offer (near) zero-lag input that sounds similar to that of the iPad Pro. Related: Best desktop PC Surface Studio vs iMac – Hardware versus Pricing There are many variants of iMac, as you’d expect for a family that has been around for almost 20 years. Let’s concentrate on the comparison that matters, what you get for the $3000 the Surface Studio will cost. Playing with the Apple Store’s configurator, you can get a quad-core Intel i7 (4GHz), 32GB RAM, 2TB Fusion drive and AMD Radeon M395 (2GB) for $3149. Close enough. At $3000 Microsoft’s specs are much lower: an Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, a 1TB hybrid drive and an Nvidia GeForce GTX965M CPU. Let’s turn the heat up. The top Microsoft Surface Studio costs $4199 and has an Intel Core i7, 32GB RAM, 2TB hybrid drive storage and an Nvidia GTX980M GPU. Apple’s top spec costs $4099, but is a little different with a faster 1TB SSD instead of a hybrid drive and a much inferior Radeon R9 M395X GPU. However, Microsoft’s use of last-gen graphics cards is quite disappointing. These days fairly conventional gaming laptops manage to fit in much more powerful GTX1070 and GTX1080 cards. We don’t yet have UK prices, but here’s the full list of US Microsoft Surface Studio specs: $2999 — 8GB/1TB/Core i5/GTX 965M $3499 — 16GB/1TB/Core i7/GTX 965M $4299 — 32GB/2TB/Core i7/GTX 980M Apple’s spec configs are more malleable, but here’s how the whole series pans out: 21in 1080p iMac Starts at $1099 — 8GB/1TB HDD/Core i5 dual/Integrated GPU 21in 4k iMac Starts at $1499 — 8GB/1TB HDD/Core i5/Integrated GPU 27in 5K iMac Starts at $2299/£1449 — 8GB/1TB HDD/Core i5/R9 M380 Buy Now: 5K iMac 27-inch at Amazon.com from $1,899.99 Best Deals for Apple 5K iMac 27-inch 2015 Surface Studio vs iMac – Included accessories Both of these all-in-one PCs include the basics you need to get started All iMacs models come with Apple's Magic wireless mouse and keyboard. However, you may also want to get hold of the excellent Magic Trackpad 2, which costs an additional £109. After spending years selling Surface tablets without their keyboards as standard, we’re glad to see Microsoft hasn’t left anything glaring out of the Surface Studio package. You get a Surface Pen, Mouse and Keyboard. These appear to be similar to those Apple offers, the main difference being the mouse has a metal scroll wheel. The Surface Dial is an extra, costing $99 (UK price TBC), but given not all buyers would make extensive use of one, turning this into an optional extra seems sensible. Surface Studio vs iMac – Software Thankfully, the software side of things is mercifully simple compared to the hardware side. Put simply, the iMacs come with the latest macOS Sierra, while Microsoft will provide you with its Windows 10 Pro OS on the Studio. Which you prefer will come down to numerous factors, but it's likely to hinge on which OS you're used to. If you are familiar with both, you still might find one provides better software for the particular tasks you work on, whether it's graphic design, sound production, video editing or just plain old word processing. It's therefore pretty difficult to say which side wins out here. Both operating systems offer some impressive features and now both feature a digital assistant, with Cortana providing the virtual help on Windows and macOS now coming with Siri. Apple tends to pack in a load of extra apps for use with its system, so if you plan on getting into some music production or basic video editing, macOS might be for you. Alternatively, Windows 10 continues to improve, with Microsoft recently adding a load of improvements with its latest update. And when the Studio arrives, it should come with the just-announced 'Creators update' which apparently makes '3D for everyone' , which means there's a new 3D version of MS Paint. Surface Studio vs iMac – Summary We have not yet reviewed the Surface Studio, but we loved the iMac 27in 5K. It was one of the few products, ever, to achieve a perfect 10. However, where the iMac is simply a very nice all-in-one PC, the Surface Studio is something more. Its versatile hinge and stylus-ready screen make it a potential design tool you'd need a separate graphics tablet to replicate in an iMac. It's more expensive than a 27in 5K iMac too, which is quite an achievement. The Studio is also the best gaming AIO PC we've seen, in its top-spec iteration, although we're a little disappointed Microsoft didn't go even further and use Nvidia's excellent latest-gen cards. We'll be back with the final verdict once we've reviewed the Surface Studio. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know which you prefer in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iMac 27" 2.66GHz Core i5 (MB953LL/A) | 8GB 1TB | AS-IS** 2 bids $152.50 View Item Apple iMac Core i7 2.8 GHz 27" (MB953LL/A) | 8GB 1TB | AS-IS** 12 bids $219.50 View Item Apple iMac Core i5 2.5 GHz 21.5" Al (Mid 2011) (MC309LL/A) | 4GB 500GB | AS-IS* 1 bids $179.99 View Item Apple 27" iMac with Retina 5K Display (Late 2015) MK472LL/A 2 bids $1,520.00 View Item *GLORIOUS* Apple iMac 21.5 Core-i3 with over $800+ in Major UPGRADES + GOODIES 1 bids $464.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments DaveHeslop October 28, 2016, 8:33 pm Worth mentioning that Apple have already controversially increased the iMac prices across the board by several hundred quid in the UK. The entry level 27-inch 5k is now £1749 (£300 more than stated in the article) olakhace October 30, 2016, 4:52 pm Add the imac "upgrade" capacity by thunderbolt, just add a bizon box and a gtx 1080 ( or titan x pascal) and you go to have a so gooooood gaming pc. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple cash pile climbs to record high By Levi Sumagaysay / October 26, 2016 at 10:28 AM Apple’s annual sales may have fallen for the first time in 15 years, but its cash and investments on hand swelled to a record $237.6 billion, the company said Tuesday. That’s an increase of $6.1 billion from the previous quarter, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company’s earnings call. He noted that $216 billion, or 91 percent, is held outside the United States. That amount, $216 billion, was Apple’s total cash hoard at the end of 2015. The company held about 93 percent of that overseas at the time, according to a Moody’s report. The year before that, the company was said to have kept $181 billion overseas, according to a study we wrote about then. The Silicon Valley tech giant has been slammed for years over how much cash it keeps abroad. However, CEO Tim Cook said during an interview with Irish radio last month that the company was planning to bring billions of dollars in profit to the U.S. next year. That plan was not addressed during yesterday’s call. Prior to that interview, Cook had repeatedly said the company pays its fair share of taxes. He had called for changes in U.S. corporate tax laws, such as the 35 percent federal rate on repatriated profit. As for what Apple’s going to do with all that money, Cook said during Tuesday’s call that the company continues to look at acquisitions. In addition, the company’s R&D spending climbed to $1.9 billion in the last fiscal year, up from $1.54 billion in the previous year. Apple shares continue to fall today after their after-hours drop Tuesday. They’re down nearly 2.5 percent to about $115.38.   Photo: The Apple logo hangs on the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue on Aug. 5, 2015 in New York City. (Andrew Burton/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, cash, hoard, repatriation, Taxes, Tim Cook   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now November 14, 2016   Off topic: National historical landmarks, cocktails, North Carolina places, coastlines November 14, 2016   On topic: Tech news to know now November 11, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       Phil Weird. The massive profits are of course the result of massive margins on products that are made low-cost abroad. Apple then does everything in its power to evade taxes, and actually does not know what to do with the pileup of all those billions. We’ve seen capitalism in all of its forms, but I cannot recall having witnessed such an almost surreal state of affairs – capitalism that has almost become self-serving: earning money for the sake of… building capital. deasys “Apple then does everything in its power to evade taxes” Apple does no such thing. On the other hand, Apple does strive to meet its positive fiduciary duty to avoid taxes through legal measures just like other well managed global companies. Phil https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/aug/30/apple-pay-back-taxes-eu-ruling-ireland-state-aid Lafayette Escadrill Tax avoidance is legal, tax evasion is a crime. deasys That’s what I implied, Lafayette. Apple avoids taxes—as it must. It does not evade them.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more… Surveillance, encryption concerns in the wake of Donald… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This is going to be the first problem that 2016 MacBook Pro buyers need to fix Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple leaked its upcoming 2016 MacBook Pro design in a macOS beta release that preceded its October Mac event by a few days. In the process, it confirmed the most notable change coming to the new MacBook Pro generation: the laptop is getting a touch-based secondary display that will offer app shortcuts and a Touch ID fingerprint scanner. However, the change also brings over an unexpected problem that early buyers will have to fix. DON’T MISS: iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for By removing the top row of keys, Apple is also eliminating the escape key, one of the most commonly used keys on the keyboard. Sure, a shortcut for it might be found in the same position on the OLED Magic Toolbar. But if that isn't enough, then you should know you can fix it. You’ll simply have to assign the escape shortcut to a different key, and macOS Sierra lets you do that. Apple included in macOS 10.12.1 the option to remap the escape key to a different key, 9to5Mac reports. You’ll have to head to System Preferences, then Keyboard, and then Modifier Keys. Then you’ll have to select escape key from the drop-down box next to the hardware key you want to assign it to. Once that’s done, you’ll have a dedicated escape key again if the Magic Toolbar doesn't satisfy your needs. macOS 10.12.1 will likely be rolled out once the 2016 MacBook Pro is available for sale. Apple’s 2016 MacBook announcement is scheduled for October 27th, at which point we’ll find out more details about Apple’s highly anticipated MacBook Pro redesign. Trending right now: Somebody just smashed Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star with a sledgehammer iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for The 7 biggest announcements from Microsoft’s October event See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile Apple to introduce 5-inch iPhone in 2017 By Brandon Russell | October 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Some of the best combos come in pairs: peanut butter and jelly; chips and guacamole; Kobe and Shaq. But the very best things come in threes, a philosophy Apple will apparently adopt next year. According to Nikkei Asian Review, citing anonymous sources, Apple will reportedly introduce a 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone in 2017—something we’ve been expecting. A third 5-inch option will allegedly be added to the lineup, too, making Apple’s mobile portfolio even more diverse. From Nikkei Asian Review: Apple has tentatively decided that all the 5.5-inch, 5-inch, and 4.7-inch models will have glass backs, departing from metal casings adopted by current iPhones… We’ve been hearing Apple would be opting for an all-glass design similar to the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s, and Nikkei’s report further corroborates the rumor. The devices will also feature some kind of metal casing—either steel or aluminum, according to the report. Previous reports have said the iPhone 8 will sport a curved design and a bezel-less OLED screen with a fingerprint sensor that’s built into the display. Considering next year will mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, Apple is reportedly gearing up to make next year’s revamp a significant one. That might include, according to Nikkei, a third 5-inch iPhone. The iPhone 7 barely just launched but given the importance of next year’s release, it’s no surprise that the rumor mill is already humming along. Source Nikkei Topics #Apple #iPhone Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 Apple prepares for finishing touches at Campus 2, extends construction schedule into 2017 Jordan Kahn - 3 weeks ago @JordanKahn Apple Campus 2 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has updated its general construction schedule for its new Campus 2 site, pushing back its estimated end date for building construction by three months and noting the start of landscaping work expected to last into the second quarter of next year. Apple’s previous construction schedule listed an expected end date for building construction and street utility work as the end of Q3 of this year. The updated schedule extends that three months until the start of 2017. It also notes the beginning and expected end date for landscaping and sitework, which Apple officially began in recent weeks and plans to complete by the second quarter of 2017, after its last known estimated move-in date. The images above and below show the exterior of the Campus 2 site as of mid-October. As of earlier this year, Tim Cook informed employees during an internal meeting that the company planned to start moving in by the end of January 2017. It’s unclear if the updated general construction schedule might mean possible delays for the project, or if Apple still plans its January move in timeframe while it continues landscaping work into March of next year. Apple’s October 27 MacBook event this week could be its last big product unveiling before the company moves into the new Campus 2. Once it does, it’s expected to use a new 1000 seat underground on-site auditorium known as “Apple Theatre” to host future events. The 176-acre campus also includes on-site R&D facilities, a 100,000 sq ft fitness center, and other facilities separate from the main building that will hold more than 13,000 employees in 2.8 million sq ft of office space. A report earlier this month noted that Apple had revised the original estimate of roughly 13,000 people and rearranged office space to accommodate possibly “thousands” of more employees.  @9to5mac checked it out myself last night... https://t.co/vZtkbqrPfE— Duncan Sinfield (@DuncanSinfield) October 26, 2016 My father in law took me up in his plane for a ride. Got a great shot of the spaceship on approach to PAO: https://t.co/qqZOkri8I8— Chris Parker (@ctp) October 22, 2016 We’ve seen the beginning of Apple’s landscaping work at the site in recent weeks courtesy of several drone flyovers. As always, you can stay up to date with the latest and past updates of Campus 2 in our ongoing construction progress timeline. Guides Apple Campus 2 Apple's under construction Campus 2 will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Expects iPhone Prices to Surge iPhone ASPs should approach $700 once again. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 26, 2016 at 2:36PM This dual-camera system is why the iPhone 7 Plus cost $20 more than it used to. Image source: Apple. Over the past few quarters, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has seen a dramatic drop in iPhone average selling prices (ASPs). This isn't entirely a bad thing, nor unexpected. The main reason for the recent decline was the launch of the iPhone SE, which starts at $400. That's the lowest price point that Apple has ever sold an iPhone for directly, even after taking into account its strategy of cascading older iPhone models down to successively lower prices. The iPhone SE caters to consumers that prefer smaller phones, as well as entry-level first-time smartphone adopters in emerging markets. ASPs should bounce back in Q4 Given the launch, a drop in ASPs makes perfect sense. The good news is that Apple expects iPhone ASPs to surge again in the fourth quarter. For the record, Apple just reported iPhone ASPs of $619, which was a sequential improvement of $24. This trend is expected to continue into the holiday shopping season, according to CFO Luca Maestri: iPhone ASP increased to $619 in the September quarter, which was above our expectations. That's up from $595 in the June quarter when we launched iPhone SE and we had a significant channel inventory reduction. We expect iPhone ASP to increase markedly on a sequential basis to a level similar to our ASP in the December quarter last year. In the December quarter of 2015, iPhone ASP was $691; Apple is setting expectations that investors could enjoy a hefty jump in ASPs of around $70. Here's how iPhone ASPs have performed over the past two years. Data source: SEC filings. Calendar quarters shown. Chart by author. In 2014, Apple implemented a new storage pricing structure, where the first $100 step up quadrupled storage from 16 GB to 64 GB. Combined with the fact that 16 GB is paltry, the result was strong upsell activity and a subsequent jump in ASPs. Now we're giving back some of those gains for the iPhone SE. Fair is fair The key to realizing such a meaningful ASP jump will be fulfilling iPhone 7 Plus demand. Apple says that while demand for iPhone 7 is already robust, the 7 Plus is off the charts and the company is having particular difficulty keeping up. It will also help that this year, Apple tacked on a $20 price bump for the iPhone 7 Plus, which now starts at $869 instead of $849. That increase may seem negligible from a consumer point of view (just 2%), which is kind of the point. It's easily justifiable for the consumer, and it will help boost ASPs to the extent that sales are concentrated on the larger model. When asked about the $20 price increase, CEO Tim Cook attributed it to the new dual-camera system that is exclusive to the 7 Plus. Cook also reiterated that Apple's goal is always to "charge a fair price" -- no more, no less. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 2:36PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     How Micro-LEDs could allow for Apple gadgets with longer-lasting batteries & brighter screens By Christian Zibreg, Oct 26, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments 2017 iPhones may ditch traditional LCDs for a lot brighter, much more power-efficient OLED display technology. However, the OLED switch could be short-lived as Apple is said to be adopting emerging Micro-LED display panels. Micro-LED screens could debut on 2017 Apple Watch models. Micro-LEDs range in size from one micron to one hundred microns. Skating to where the puck’s going to be, Apple in May 2014 bought Micro-LED developer LuxVue Technology, adding their talent to to its hardware innovations team. The iPhone maker also set up an R&D center in Taiwan to research Micro-LEDs. Here’s a technology primer providing a layman’s overview of the current state of Micro-LED technology and how it could benefit Apple by helping its teams engineer devices that would rock longer-lasting batteries and have significantly brighter screens. The benefits of Micro-LED panels Micro LED technology provides the following benefits: Micro-LEDs could improve battery power by as much as 300 percent. Micro-LEDs eliminate the need for backlighting unlike traditional LCDs. Micro-LEDs allow for higher-resolution screens with improved color gamut than other display technologies. Micro-LEDs provide two to three times the brightness of their OLED counterparts under the same power consumption. Micro-LEDs require much less investment than traditional TFT LCD display panels to reach economies of scale. Micro-LED chips are so small that a five-inch 400-by-600 pixel smartphone panel requires nearly one million and a 4K TV panel about 50 million chips. As Micro-LED technology is still in its infancy, initial R&D and production costs are higher than costs related to OLED/TFT development. Who builds these Micro-LEDs? Currently, both Apple and Samsung are secretly developing Micro-LEDs. Realizing they cannot compete with major tech giants on their own, government-sponsored Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) is looking to organize 20+ Taiwanese firms into a consortium beginning November 2016. The consortium includes Taiwan-based Micro-LED makers, LED material makers, integrated circuitry design firms, packaging and testing service providers, TFT-LCD panel makers and system product makers. ITRI has been developing Micro-LED technology for a while now and is progressing toward small-volume trial production in early-2017. Based on existing development and established supply chain of Micro-LEDs, the possibility of successful development of Micro-LEDs in terms of commercial applicability is about 50 percent, according to Electronic and Optoelectronic System Research Laboratories (EOSRL) general director Wu Chih-I. Micro LEDs will be first applied to small-size displays like smartwatches, virtual reality or augmented reality devices. As production cost decreases over time, Micro-LEDs should make their way into smartphones, TVs and PCs. Apple and LuxVue Which brings us to LuxVue, a Micro-LED developer Apple acquired in 2014 and confirmed the purchase with a boilerplate statement saying, “We buy smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” LuxVue has been stealthily working on low-power Micro-LED-based displays for consumer electronics. Last year, it announced a technical breakthrough in displays. At the core of Micro-LED technology is mass transfer of small chips, which is currently challenged by balancing cost and yield rate. LuxVue’s breakthrough appears to revolve around using unique electrostatic adhesion for mass transfer of chips. By contrast, other Micro-LED makers use vacuum pressure. As it stands, vacuum pressure is cheaper and simpler than LuxVue’s method, but has low yield rates. Incorporated in 2009, LuxVue has its headquarters in Santa Clara, California. The firm was formerly known as Papierlos Corporation. Its VP of Technology, Kapil Sakariya, worked at Apple from July 2006 until November 2011 as a Display Architect and iPhone Operations and Procurement Manager. The firm received $43 million in funding from Kleiner Perkins, iD Ventures America and others on top of $18 million and $25.2 million it raised in 2013. Most importantly, LuxVue was granted a bunch of patents related to commercialization of Micro-LEDs, which are now owned by Apple. These include four inventions providing methods for using a sapphire layer in a semiconductor device. Interestingly enough, an Apple patent for a 3D camera system specifically mentions using a light source in the form of LEDs to transilluminate a transparency with optical radiation so as to project a pattern onto the object. According to the patent abstract, the system “captures an image of the pattern that is projected onto the object” while a CPU “processes the image so as to reconstruct a three-dimensional map of the object.” Even more interestingly, Apple’s patent for a 3D camera system credits as its inventor Kelly McGroddy, who was Director of LED Technology at LuxVue. EETimes said in June 2015 that Micro-LEDs could be used for “direct projection displays” that would include augmented and virtual reality applications like a rumored VR/AR headset Apple’s been reportedly working on. The article explained that Micro-LED displays would be ideally suited for wearable devices and VR/AR headsets due to their “low footprint, low power consumption, high-contrast ratio and ultra-high brightness.” At 2013 Disrupt SF, KPCB partner John Doerr said LuxVue’s technology could improve battery power by a whopping 300 percent compared to the usual 1-2 percent improvements that we normally see in the industry. Micro-LEDs could easily become “the biggest, the single most disruptive thing, the game changer” in the industry, said Doerr. “If you can find a way to double or triple the energy density, then you need less stuff to make it and it weighs less,” he explained. OLED or Micro-LED iPhones? So, will a future iPhone have a display based on OLED or Micro-LED technology? If you ask Innolux CEO Wang Jyh-chau, OLEDs won’t replace LCDs as mainstream display technology anytime soon because OLED panels are still pricey and difficult to manufacture in volume compared to LCDs. Wang thinks Apple will likely adopt OLEDs for 2017 iPhones for the sake of product differentiation, but is uncertain whether it will be on a long-term basis—especially when Apple is thought to be developing Micro-LEDs on its own. It’s “too early to determine the prospect of Micro-LEDs,” he said. According to Taiwan-based supply chain makers, Apple in April 2015 established a facility in northern Taiwan solely dedicated to researching Micro-LED technology. Summing up Keep in mind that it’s unclear if Apple has completed its purchase of LuxVue. If not, chances are future Apple devices may gradually switch from the current power-hungry LCD panels to the more energy-efficient OLED or AMOLED screens. Apple currently uses OLEDs for the Apple Watch while iOS devices and Macs rely on the premium LCD IPS display technology. Still, LCD displays are a tremendous battery hog because they require a backlighting as opposed to OLED or Micro-LED panels. A Micro-LED screen would give a future iPhone at least two to three times the OLED brightness under the same power consumption. And given OLEDs are already significantly more power efficient than LCDs, iPhones and other devices outfitted with Micro-LED panels would waste far less battery power compared to LCDs while boosting display resolution, clarity and brightness. Alternatively, Apple could initially limit deployment of Micro-LEDs on flat-screened devices before rolling them out to curved or flexible-screen gadgets such as the Apple Watch or a 2017 iPhone with a wraparound display. No matter how you look at it, the purchase of LuxVue could make a future iPhone’s battery life better than it’s ever been. And that’s exactly what a lot of people have been clamoring for. Thoughts? Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Report: iPhone’s switch to AMOLED short-lived as Apple looks to adopt Micro-LED screens 2017 Apple Watch could use power-sipping micro-LED panels Apple screen supplier Japan Display could receive government bailout Next-generation MacBook Pro could adopt brighter & sharper OLED display technology Related Topics Apple, Display, Micro-LED, News, Screen Bugs Bunnay Led of any kind may just as well be better than lcd at this point techfreak23 Knowing Apple, they are going to try to make the iPhone even thinner and shoot for the same 10-14 hour battery life they do every year if they do adopt this tech in future iPhones. Rowan09 How many hours does the S7 Edge get for example? Answer the same as my 6S Plus and less than my 7Plus. It’s more than just the battery size and screen tech. jOn Garrett My S7 edge lasts a very long time. If I need it to last longer I can go to ultra power saving mode or a 20 minute charge up will give me nearly 50% I don’t even have to have a charger or cable of my own, most fast-food and all Starbucks around me have wireless charging mats which is awesome–charging my phone while I have a cup of coffee. Rowan09 Still didn’t answer the question. I own the S7 Edge and when I left my iPhone 6S Plus at home and used it I had to charge it twice at work. Compared to not once with the iPhone 6S Plus rockdude094 Actually the S7 Edge would obliterate the iPhone 7 plus if you enabled the robust power saving modes it has. Lets not forget that the S7 has fast charging.. it will go from 0-100 % in little over an hr. I can go on and on about its feature but it falls on deaf fan boys ears. I have both phones so I’ve compared both to one another in every aspect Rowan09 You mean make the phone useless mode? Come on man I’m talking about regular usage. I have both phones myself so I can also compare. Plus I use my iPad Charger base for my IPhone 7 Plus and it charges in no time, I’ll do a comparison with the 2. rockdude094 Thats great and all but lets try moving to OLED   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil down on supply concern By Reuters Published: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. equities on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, offsetting a boost from Boeing's strong profit, while oil fell more than 1 percent amid concerns of a global glut. Shares of Apple fell as much as 3.7 percent - set for their worst day in six months - after the company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. The world's most valuable public company recovered some losses in later trading and was last down 2.8 percent. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to rise 2.9 percent. "The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. A rally by Boeing boosted the Dow. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 18.83 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,188.1, the S&P 500 lost 5.21 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,137.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.47 points, or 0.67 percent, to 5,247.93. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies continued to weigh on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories. But oil headed negative on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 78 cents or 1.56 percent. They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 91 cents, or 1.79 percent, at $49.88 at 2:36 p.m. ET (1836 GMT), their weakest level in nearly a month. CARNEY EFFECT In currency markets, sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.35 percent to $1.2229, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". The euro, which had slid to a 7 1/2-month low of $1.0851 on Tuesday, was up 0.2 percent to $1.0908. With investors looking ahead to U.S. third-quarter gross domestic product data on Friday, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six global peers, fell 0.12 percent to 98.604. It hit its highest level since Feb. 1 on Tuesday as traders saw a better than 78-percent chance of an interest rise hike by the Federal Reserve in December, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. The dollar extended modest gains against the yen, hitting a session high of 104.44 yen. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Ethan Lou and Alwyn Scott in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/laptop-dilemma-macbook-pro-surface-book.html. Captcha Submit CLOSE Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Tech & Silicon Valley Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? Microsoft is on a fierce comeback. Who ever thought a Windows laptop would be a viable alternative to the vaunted MacBook? That day is here. By Clinton Stark - 10.26.2016 UPDATE 10.27.2016: Apple has just unveiled a trio of updated MacBook Pros for 2016 (13″, 13″ with Touch Bar, 15″ with Touch Bar). As expected they’re smaller, lighter, faster. And, also as predicted, the OLED “Touch Bar” has arrived. It’s pretty impressive, dynamically changing and presenting softkeys depending on the task at hand. Beautifully conceived and executed. Though, the greedy in me would like Apple to give us both a Touch Bar and touch screen. Bonus points for Apple not killing off the headphone jack. Thank you! So: Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base and Apple 15″ MacBook Pro entry configs are both — surprise — the same price: $2,399 (USD). I’m still on the fence. Love touch screen, creative potential of Surface Book. Yet, MacBooks are so robust and you just know that touchpad and touch bar will be superbly engineered. Decisions, decisions. If you’re like me you’ve waited a long time for this week. I’m ready to finally upgrade my aging 2012 MacBook Air. And there’s finally new product hitting the market. Today, Microsoft revealed the stunning Surface Studio 28″ all-in-one PC wonder. It looks amazing — as does the price. Call it an iMac on steroids. But it was the refreshed Surface Book that caught my attention. Microsoft is really onto something with this hybrid tablet/laptop design. You can pop off the screen, thanks to an innovative hinge (somewhat like those seen on an articulating bus), and voila, it’s a 13.5-inch Windows tablet. With the Surface Pen you can doodle, draw up story boards, and take hand written notes. And, for the first time, the touchpad and speakers rival those of its Apple counterparts. At $2,399 (USD) and up for the new “Performance Base” edition of the Surface Book, the premium Apple-like positioning does require a Tylenol or two to be sure. Then again, I’ve gone four years with my current laptop, so I can (somewhat) justify the expense. Maybe. Per The Verge, the updated model is all about the internals. There’s not much change to the overall design, though the stone in our collective shoes: it’s actually slightly heavier (now 3.63 pounds) and fatter. Early hands-on feedback suggests it’s not a big deal, and barely noticeable. Sadly, the Surface Book doesn’t yet use Intel’s latest Kaby Lake chips. On the upside you get an Nvidia GeForce 965M GPU, and a battery rated by Microsoft at 16 hours. Not too shabby. Update: it also looks like Microsoft has reduced the infamous “gap” when the Surface Book is closed (hopefully Surface Book 2 will completely eliminate it). Apple is up next. Tomorrow (October 27, 2016) it’s widely expected Apple will finally unveil refreshed MacBooks. Early word suggests the trick feature (and marketing emphasis) will be the so-called “Magic Toolbar.” Gone are the traditional row of function keys along the top of the keyboard. In its place is a touch strip featuring an OLED display. It can, according to early reports and leaks, dynamically change based on context. If you’re in Lightroom you get photo editing shortcuts. In Premiere, video editing controls. In Microsoft Word, doc editing shortcuts. And on and on: It looks pretty cool to be sure, but part of me wonders: is this is a solution looking for a problem? I’m not so sure it’s the game-changer some are suggesting. We’ll know more tomorrow when Apple does its song and dance. Interestingly, as I wrote yesterday on Stark Insider, Microsoft and its touch-friendly philosophy encourages us to touch the screen while Apple is apparently the opposite inviting us to only touch the keyboard and its new dynamic function strip. My current mindset has me favoring Microsoft’s strategy. Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? So what will it be upgraders… MacBook Pro or Surface Book? (Microsoft itself has a side-by-side comparison) Key pros for the Surface Book the way I see it: Surface pen and digital ink (handy for creative work) Clipboard mode (can remove screen and use as a tablet; convenient for inking) Array of ports (Apple seems content to just give us USB-C and fiddly adapters) And favoring MacBook : Best-in-class touchpad (this is critical) Strong, clean, bass-y speakers (I’m always using my MacBook to review Stark Insider video edits) Superb keyboard with variable backlighting (just something about those Mac keyboards that feels oh-so right…) As for the operating systems, I think it’s a wash, though I have a slight preference for the Windows 10 file system. It just seems easier, faster to navigate than the MacOS finder. A few years ago, or maybe even just last year, I’d never expect this to be a reasonable comparison. It would be Mac all the way. Hands down. I’ve scoured the market, and to this day seemingly no one comes close: HP, Dell (getting there though!), Asus, Lenovo (good keyboards), Acer, among others. No one can put together a laptop package the way Apple can. That is until the Surface Book. Sure, I’ve read about early bugs and kinks. But is seems as though Microsoft has addressed the majority of those. And, let’s not forget… Headphone jack! Surface Book has one — albeit, awkwardly placed alongside the display, resulting in dangling, tangling cable-itis. Still, it’s thankfully there. And the new MacBooks? My suspicion is Apple will pull an iPhone 7, and get rid of it, forcing us to go the Bluetooth or USB-C route. Hassle, that. Call me old school, but whether at the gym or at Starbucks, I like good old fashioned Beats in-ear headphones with that classic, fool proof, battery-free 3.5mm jack. I also like 80’s new wave. So maybe I’m slow to change. I likely can’t wait until 2017 for the Surface Book 2. Instead, I’ll check out what Apple unleashes tomorrow, and then make a decision by end of the year. As an aside: is it just me, or is Apple starting to lose the innovation race? Surface Book vs. MacBook? Currently, I’m leaning — if ever so slightly — to Satya Nadella’s corner. I’ll leave you with this sexy video: Explore. Create. Live. Follow Stark Insider on Twitter and Facebook. Join our 9,000 subscribers who read SI on tablets and smartphones on Google Newsstand. Prefer video? Subscribe to  Stark Insider on YouTube, the largest arts & travel channel in San Francisco. TAGS Apple Microsoft 0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/10/laptop-dilemma-macbook-pro-surface-book.html. Captcha Submit Previous articleSan Francisco Michelin Stars: Quince earns third star, Adega gets San Jose’s first Next articleThe Future of Brands: Content simply isn’t living on islands anymore Clinton Stark Clint has produced videos for Stark Insider since 2006. Recent projects include short MORADO shot in the Baja, mini-doc with PENTATONIX in Napa, and art-doc WRONG'S WHAT I DO BEST at the San Francisco Art Institute. He regularly writes about Canon DSLR and filmmaking. His Broadway shorts, such as SHREK UNMASKED, have garnered acclaim. He's worked with DreamWorks, Disney on Ice, Cirque du Soleil, and "studied under" filmmaker Werner Herzog. Clint also writes about the San Francisco arts scene, Napa, Silicon Valley and gadgets. More about Clint: Bio | IMDB RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) The real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen 5 reasons why the smartwatch market took a dramatic nosedive Google refreshes smartphone brand, launches “Pixel” phones starting from $649 Apple iPhone 7 on mission to kill the DSLR Shashank Oddiraju What about software and especially video editing, many say apple’s good hardware and software customization make it a faster option(fcpx vs premiere pro) and BTW which editing software do you use CULTURE TECH/SILICON VALLEY WANDERLUST INTERVIEWS VIDEO FEATURES About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Samples Policy & Shipping Address Google Cloud Platform v11.1 © 2006-2016 BLG Media
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse From Amazon To Chipotle, Here's A Look Into College Students' Favorite Stocks Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 2:29pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Technical Alert: Amazon Nears $700 From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks Growth Within The S&P 500 Follows Exponential Distribution (Seeking Alpha) Related AAPL Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Stocks Narrowly Mixed In Late Trade; Nasdaq Lags, Apple, Facebook Get Hit Again (Investor's Business Daily) TD Ameritrade and TD Ameritrade U are hosting the third thinkorswim Challenge, where teams of 3–4 students trade a portfolio of $500,000 in paper money. Trades are limited to S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average components, as well as some of the most popular ETFs, and no individual stake can account for more than 10 percent of the portfolio’s value. Prizes for the best performers include up to $4,000 deposited in a TD Ameritrade brokerage account, up to $30,000 for the team’s school, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPads and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) gift cards. With more than 700 enrolled teams and the contest halfway through, let’s take a look into some of the most popular stocks and sectors. Most popular sectors by allocation were: Consumer Discretionary: 27.6 percent. Information Technology: 26.6 percent. ETFs: 11.7 percent. Health Care: 7.3 percent. Financials: 7.1 percent. Source: TD Ameritrade Most popular stocks held by the participating students as a percentage of their total portfolio (excluding cash positions, which represented more than 80 percent of the money available) were: Amazon: 7.6 percent. Apple: 5.4 percent. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX): 3.5 percent. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA): 3.4 percent. SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE: SPY): 2.7 percent. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB): 2.3 percent. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA): 2.2 percent. Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR): 2.0 percent. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG): 1.9 percent. PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (ETF) (NASDAQ: QQQ): 1.6 percent. Source: TD Ameritrade Having said this, it should be noted that the leading team so far is investing in completely different stocks. Check out their portfolio here. Posted-In: TD Ameritrade TD Ameritrade UEducation Crowdsourcing Tech General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Amazon Nears $700 Technical Alert: Apple Bruised From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 MTL, DGII: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 RGR, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tra... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 EA, QUOT: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 7 BDC, ESE: Must Watch Stocks for November... 1 LOCK, Kate: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 14 2 MRK, GILD: Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni... 3 GRUB: GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten A... 4 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For P... 5 TJX, XRT: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 6 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF Op... 7 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For Gi... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: Twitter Surrenders Early Gains Ex-GM Exec: Tesla's Supporters Are Like Members Of A Cult, Treat Musk Like God
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 16 With Bug Fixes and Feature Tweaks Wednesday October 26, 2016 11:04 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released another update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 16 includes bug fixes and updates for URL parser, Gamepad API, CSS, Media, Fetch API, JavaScript, Web APIs, Web Inspector, and Accessibility. As of release 14, Safari Technology Preview includes regular updates and bug fixes for Safari's WebDriver implementation. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Versions are available for developers running both macOS Sierra and OS X El Capitan. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's goal with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can be run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 8 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Andres Cantu 3 weeks ago Still waiting for Safari to make a comeback, it's currently the lowest-scoring browser in the HTML5 test. Rating: 3 Votes Kognito 3 weeks ago Still waiting for Safari to make a comeback, it's currently the lowest-scoring browser in the HTML5 test. This update takes it from 415 points to 429 points on the HTML5 test so they're clearly heading in the right direction, but I agree, Apple needs to make a big push to bring Safari up to spec and to push updates more frequently. There's a stink amongst web development circles, no it isn't body odour, nor is it IE any more, sadly the browser they're all complaining about is Safari. Article would have done well to mention that El Capitan will no longer get updates for Safari Tech Preview. Upgrading to El Cap pretty much broke all my development tools with SIP so I'm reluctant to jump on the Sierra bandwagon but this might just force my hand. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 64 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 39 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 157 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 511 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 8 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 77 comments iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months 9 hours ago on Front Page Just two months after the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launched, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes demand for the smartphones has "peaked" in line with a significant monthly shipment... 81 comments • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162) • Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model (212)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 61 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 14, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 14, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 61 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks slip as real estate falls, industrials climb By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 26 2016 12:42PM    •    Last Updated Oct 26 2016 12:42 pm FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks are slightly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. However banks and industrial companies are trading higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 35 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,203 as of 11:25 a.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139. The Nasdaq composite slipped 26 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,257. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.08, or 2.6 percent, to $115.18. The company's iPhone sales fell 5 percent from a year ago. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Apple said it expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. Investors had thought the same: Apple stock has climbed over the last few months to reach new highs for the year. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results, as they've been doing for more than a week. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 57 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $10.76 and insurer Chubb rose $3.70, or 3 percent, to $126.15. Banks also got a boost from higher bond yields, which are linked to higher interest rates and bigger profits on loans. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. MALLS MAULED: Real estate investment trusts took big losses. Simon Property Group, which owns shopping mall and other real estate and is the largest publicly traded company in the industry, reported strong earnings. But analysts were worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. Its stock fell $6.66, or 3.4 percent, to $190.61. Office space company Boston Properties lost $3.06, or 2.4 percent, to $122.27 as investors were disappointed by its forecasts. INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH: Manufacturers made some of the largest gains Wednesday. Boeing climbed $5.97, or 4.3 percent, to $145 after it raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Defense contractor Northrop Grumman also boosted its annual forecasts, and its stock gained $7.46, or 3.4 percent, to $226.99. Manufacturer Ingersoll-Rand picked up $2.08, or 3.2 percent, to $66.68 following its report. FIND THE PULSE: Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter. Its stock slid $15.44, or 13.6 percent, to $98.24. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.45, or 3.4 percent, to $44.21. OIL PRICES: Oil prices wavered and energy companies turned lower. Benchmark U.S. oil fell 83 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $49.13 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 93 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $49.86 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $34.75, or 8.6 percent, to $370.92. TECH GAINERS: Akamai Technologies rose $8.78, or 14.9 percent, $67.85 on a bigger profit and better sales for the cloud services company. Juniper Networks, a computer network equipment maker, gained $2.69, or 11.3 percent, to $26.41 after investors were pleased with its projections. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft" while its spending grew. The stock lost $2.98, or 7.1 percent, to $38.97. American Airlines and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan's EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals' Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn't had direct competition since then. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances Utah football: Oregon is struggling, but Utes still see a dangerous team (with video) BYU football: Injuries at running back testing Cougars' depth ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Normal temperatures fall Weather Immigration groups unite over deportation fears News New kiosks to help with property tax payments News Homicide investigation underway after man found fatally shot in Wayne News Major water main break in Troy; boil water alert issued News Wayne County deputy to face sex charges News Social workers charged in death of 3-year-old boy found in Woodbridge apartment News University of Michigan student assaulted by 2 men who yelled at her about being in America News Judicial panel recommends 30-day suspension for Judge Lisa Gorcyca News Metro Detroit weather: Big warmup on horizon Weather Journalist Gwen Ifill dies at 61 News Habitual offender taken into custody after alleged theft from garage in Dearborn News Community Vote 4 The Best: The Top 5 Cider Mills in Metro Detroit Voted by you Posted: 1:46 PM, October 26, 2016 Updated: 1:46 PM, October 26, 2016 Fall is here and that means it's time to take the family out to the cider mill for fresh cider and donuts! Here are the top-five cider mills that were chosen by you on Local 4's "Vote 4 The Best"! Blake Farms Over 45,600 Apple Trees on their property, 42 varieties of apples, 19 varieties of hard cider, and 69 years of growing some of Michigan’s best apples puts Blake Farms atop the list for best Cider Mills in the area. Check out all of the great events they’re having this season, which truly make this a must-visit destination for you and your family this fall! Enjoy their Fall Festival every weekend, September thru October, and all of their haunted attractions for some Halloween fun! Check out Blake Farms 17985 Armada Center Rd Armada, MI 48005 Phone: (586) 784-5343 Yates Cider Mill Yates Cider Mill is truly an extraordinary experience for any lover of cider mills. They began pressing cider back in 1876, and still to this day use the Clinton River as a power-source to press their apples into it’s amazing cider. While you’re there, make sure that you grab a bag of freshly-made donuts to go along with your apple cider. They’re the best around! Check out Yates Cider Mill 1950 E Avon Rd Rochester, MI 48307 Phone: (248) 651-8300   Apple Charlie’s Orchards This 95-acre orchard is packed to the brim with home-grown fruits, weekend entertainment, cider, pies, and apple-chopped cinnamon bread that has been served up for over 50 years. They offer U-pick orchards with dwarf apple trees for easy picking, hayrides, and other fun family activities. Check out Apple Charlie's Orchards 38035 South Huron Road New Boston, MI 48164 Phone: (734) 753-9380 Erie Orchards and Cider Mill Erie Orchards & Cider Mill is a great destination to bring the little ones. They offer Family Fun Night, a corn maze, a petting zoo, and a straw play zone. They also offer U-pick blueberries, apples, and peaches when they are in season. Don’t know what they have in season? Call ahead, and they’ll fill you in! Check out Erie Orchards and Cider Mill 1235 E Erie Rd Erie, MI 48133 Phone: (734) 848-4518 Franklin Cider Mill Perhaps one of the oldest cider mills in the area, Franklin Cider Mill hosts fun activities for all ages from carriage rides, to live music. Franklin Cider Mill offers cider that is not filtered, not pasteurized, and contains no preservatives.. Just like the old days! Be sure to add this family tradition to one of your weekends! Check out Franklin Cider Mill 7450 Franklin Rd Bloomfield Hills, MI 48301 Phone: (248) 626-2968 Make Local 4's Vote 4 The Best your go-to guide for the "best" of everything around town!   Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Windows 10 Creators Update Launch With Surface Related Content Topic :  A Big Market for Big Data Jobs  If you think there isn’t a connection between home improvement and Big Data, reconsider, because Big Data is becoming a part of just about every major industry. Blog :  Donald Trump, Peter Thiel and Renewed Hope for a Technology-Savvy President Article :  Gain More Control of BYOD Apps with an Enterprise App Store Windows 10 Creators Update Launch with Surface Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 26 Oct, 2016          |         |     Share 2017 and Beyond: How Digital Innovation Will Impact the World This week, I’m at the Microsoft Windows Creative Edition launch, which is coupled with a heavy dose of Surface updates. What I think is most interesting about this event is that you finally get a sense that software and hardware at Microsoft are working together, like hardware and software work at Apple. Microsoft’s historic advantage has been its ability to use companies like Dell, HP and Lenovo as partners to control and dominate the PC market. But its disadvantage has been that the software/hardware experience has been disjointed and not as seamless as it has been with Apple. Surface, Microsoft’s own hardware platform, did create conflicts with partners that weren’t appreciated but it also created the promise that eventually the two parts of the solution would shift from embarrassing discord to a solution in harmony. At this event, my core takeaway is that this is finally happening and, I think, this will eventually help all Windows hardware. In addition, with this edition of Windows, Microsoft is again focused on the people who use Windows. This focus was core to the success of Windows 95 but somehow got lost, a loss that was particularly noticeable with Windows ME, Windows Vista and Windows 8. Users drive software updates and this coming update is focused on pushing the boundaries of 3D, much like Windows 95 pushed the boundaries of productivity. Let me walk you through the launch. Creation in 3D We saw a problem with the emergence and failure of 3D TVs. There just wasn’t any compelling content and the tools to create it were difficult to learn, lacked standards and were extremely expensive. As we move from flat panels into things like artificial reality (AR), virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR), we increasingly need to work with 3D objects. If users don’t have tools that are easy to use, where they can easily share the result and where people are inspired, these new platforms will fail as well. This is what is motivating Microsoft to pivot Windows and, much like Office addressed a need for comprehensive productivity tools, this latest version of Windows is designed to help users create the objects they’ll need to enable the coming world of 3D immersive objects, ranging from those that only exist virtually to those that can be 3D printed into the real world. Microsoft’s surveys indicate that Generation Z wants this capability badly, and if it can address this need, it will fuel a resurgence in the PC space. This version of Windows, therefore, isn’t for the current generation of users but the coming generation and, to be fair, those in the current generation who haven’t aged out of wonder. The app that Microsoft has focused on is Microsoft Paint. This product, a free feature in Windows, is now 3D-enabled, giving it additional functionality while not significantly increasing the skills needed to use it. Coupled with a new service, Remix 3D, a social network where people share 3D content, and SketchUp (a Microsoft partner), users can build 3D images using a blend of their own content from third parties. The demonstration was surprisingly compelling. The presenter took a blend of elements and, in a few minutes, was able to publish an animated GIF and post it on Facebook where it rotated in 3D when done. Much of this same capability is available in PowerPoint, where you can insert 3D objects and position them in three dimensions. For instance, you can take a 3D image of a tree and rotate it in all three dimensions to not only create the perfect angle but animate the result. So, for instance, an image of a car could be rotating in full 3D while you’re talking about it. If you then had access to HoloLens, or a mixed-media headset, you could interact with these created objects in the real world. That image of a car could be seen in your own garage, or an image of a bar stool could be placed virtually in your home, or with VR glasses, into a virtual world. HoloTour and Cheaper VR Glasses This was an interesting demonstration. This feature, created initially for HoloLens, also works with VR glasses, and allows people to go to distant places virtually and experience them as if they are there. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus and Acer will be shipping VR glasses starting in the $200 range so that people can enjoy VR more affordably. Right now, VR with the PC is pretty pricey, costing for an HTC Vive or Oculus Rift around $1K and, I can tell you from experience that they are a pain to set up. Xbox You folks may not care about gaming, but your CMO may. The ratings on traditional sports TV shows have been dropping sharply while the number of viewers watching video games online has been growing. For many of the larger tournaments, video games pull larger audiences than the NFL does. Windows 10 and the Xbox make it far easier for players to broadcast individual play and create tournaments. Sadly, this all likely means your kids are going to want both an Xbox S and a new 4K HDR TV for Christmas. Fortunately, both are cheaper this year. People at the Center of Windows An interesting update with this version of Windows is that the top people you communicate with are in the task bar at the bottom of the screen. If you want to communicate or share with them, you either click on them or drag what you want to share onto their image, making the sharing process vastly simpler and easier. I expect the security folks will want to take a look at this because the likelihood that an employee will share something that is confidential will be higher. However, if you regularly share with co-workers or your boss, this will also make that process far faster and easier. This feature aggregates your communications apps so you can more quickly see when they communicate with you and you can more rapidly respond in the app of your choice. Wrapping Up: Lessons for Vendors There is a lesson here (actually several) for vendors, regardless of product. There is much more excitement in the room for this version than is typical at a Windows offering. This is because Microsoft is again focusing on the users, and users drive products. Microsoft has found a couple of areas where products are lacking -- 3D creation and communication -- and pushed the envelope. Suddenly, Windows has gone from being out of date to being relevant again, at least in this room, and if a firm is going to survive and flourish, it has to keep its product current and relevant. Microsoft forgot that for a while. It’s nice to see that it has remembered it again. I’ll cover the hardware in my next post. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+. Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / The iPhone 8 could come in three sizes, but don’t bank on glass The iPhone 8 could come in three sizes, but don’t bank on glass by Chris Smith 26 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple could launch an iPhone 8 with a 5-inch display next year, according to reports on Monday. Nikkei says the company will release the intermediary size to accompany the 4.7-inch iPhone 8 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 8 Plus. The move would represent a mild surprise given a 4.0-inch iPhone 8 - a la the iPhone SE - would likely be preferred by Apple’s traditional customer base. Related: iPhone 8 - Everything you need to know Elsewhere, the Nikkei report claimed Apple is still “tentative” over whether the iPhone 8 will boast the heavily-rumoured glass back. That design was last seen on the iPhone 4S. However, Apple could still maintain the current metal-backed design, according to the sources. The ‘person familiar with the matter’ pointed out a recent instance of flip-flopping when Apple decided to drop the release of a single-lens iPhone 7 Plus months before it was due. Should Apple opt for the glass front and back, it is believed the components will be supplied by the companies Biel and Lens. The iPhone 8 is likely to be the first major iPhone redesign since 2014, with the iPhone 6S and 7 sticking to the formula debuted by the iPhone 6. Video: Buy an iPhone 7 or wait for iPhone 8? Glass or metal? Where do you stand? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS BLACK ROSE GOLD SILVER 32GB 128GB 256GB UNLOCKED $1,029.74 View Item APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS BLACK ROSE GOLD SILVER 32GB 128GB 256GB UNLOCKED $1,399.74 View Item Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Latest Model) - 128GB - Jet Black (AT&T) Smartphone 1 bids $800.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ד חשון תשע"ז   |   Monday, November 14, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Slip as Real Estate Falls and Industrials Climb U.S. Stocks Slip as Real Estate Falls and Industrials Climb Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 2:29 pm | כ"ד תשרי תשע"ז (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks are slightly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. However, banks and industrial companies are trading higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 35 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,203 as of 1:25 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139. The Nasdaq composite slipped 26 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,257. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.08, or 2.6 percent, to $115.18. The company’s iPhone sales fell 5 percent from a year ago. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. Apple said it expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. Investors had thought the same: Apple stock has climbed over the last few months to reach new highs for the year. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results, as they’ve been doing for more than a week. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 57 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $10.76 and insurer Chubb rose $3.70, or 3 percent, to $126.15. Banks also got a boost from higher bond yields, which are linked to higher interest rates and bigger profits on loans. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. MALLS MAULED: Real estate investment trusts took big losses. Simon Property Group, which owns shopping mall and other real estate and is the largest publicly traded company in the industry, reported strong earnings. But analysts were worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. Its stock fell $6.66, or 3.4 percent, to $190.61. Office space company Boston Properties lost $3.06, or 2.4 percent, to $122.27 as investors were disappointed by its forecasts. INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH: Manufacturers made some of the largest gains Wednesday. Boeing climbed $5.97, or 4.3 percent, to $145 after it raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Defense contractor Northrop Grumman also boosted its annual forecasts, and its stock gained $7.46, or 3.4 percent, to $226.99. Manufacturer Ingersoll-Rand picked up $2.08, or 3.2 percent, to $66.68 following its report. FIND THE PULSE: Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter. Its stock slid $15.44, or 13.6 percent, to $98.24. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.45, or 3.4 percent, to $44.21. OIL PRICES: Oil prices wavered and energy companies turned lower. Benchmark U.S. oil fell 83 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $49.13 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 93 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $49.86 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $34.75, or 8.6 percent, to $370.92. TECH GAINERS: Akamai Technologies rose $8.78, or 14.9 percent, to $67.85 on a bigger profit and better sales for the cloud services company. Juniper Networks, a computer network equipment maker, gained $2.69, or 11.3 percent, to $26.41 after investors were pleased with its projections. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft” while its spending grew. The stock lost $2.98, or 7.1 percent, to $38.97. American Airlines and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan’s EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals’ Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn’t had direct competition since then. Over the last few months Mylan has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of EpiPen. Its price has roughly doubled since 2007. Mylan stock lost 91 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $37.77 and it’s down 22 percent since mid-August. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 104.57 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0911 from $1.0892. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.9 percent while Germany’s DAX and the CAC 40 in France were little changed. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. Filed under: Markets, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related Stocks Slip as Drug Companies Fall; Oil Drillers Climb Stocks Slip Below Records; FMC Falls Stocks Skid as Drugmakers Fall, Then Bank Woes Deepen Losses Stocks Slip as Oil Skids 6 Percent, Hitting Energy Companies  U.S. Stocks Finish Mixed As 2-Day Climb Comes to an End Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Billionaires Put Pop in Advocates’ Push for Soda Taxes Vouching for Trump, Obama Says U.S. Will Maintain Alliances Teva Faces Total Loss in Mexico Wall St. Falls as Tech Drags; Investors Eye Trump Policies Dow Hits Record High as Financial Stocks Rise OP-ED A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations To Many, Trump Offered Fresh, Appealing Message Kristallnacht Lessons for the Present Sanctity of the Kosel Is Everyone’s Concern Spreading the Light of Shabbos Ripe Citrons and Ruby Slippers Reflections Of A Kohen A Time to Heal There’s a Strong Case to Be Made for Electoral College Voting as a Rational Act These Ballot Initiatives Could Help Fix Our Broken Election System Features This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Sudoku – November 14, 2016 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Mrs. Rivka Herbst (Part IV) Editorial Cartoon – November 14, 2016 Get the Point Please Do Me a Favor Independence Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 10 Cheshvan/November 11 Not So Sure מרן ה”חזון איש” זי”ע Editorial Cartoon – November 11, 2016 Weather » Brooklyn 58°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,218.40 -18.72 (-0.36%) S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9307 GBP 0.8001 ILS 3.8477 CHF 0.9955 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Posted 26 Oct 2016 19:30 Updated 27 Oct 2016 04:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at US$145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to US$44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Apple The Surprising Victim of Samsung’s Smartphone Nightmare Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Apple The Surprising Victim of Samsung’s Smartphone Nightmare Apple’s inability to capitalize on the scandal has marked the latest in a series of bad breaks. by Maya KosoffOctober 26, 2016 2:01 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Marlene Awaad/Bloomberg/Getty Images. Samsung’s exploding phone scandal has been a public-relations nightmare. This fall, the South Korean company was forced to issue a recall of its flagship smartphone after a series of incidents in which the device caught fire, urging millions of customers to return their Galaxy Note 7s in exchange for a replacement. Then, when even some of those replacement phones began catching fire, Samsung announced that it was killing off production of the phone line entirely and said it was asking its global partners to stop selling the device. Samsung shares dropped about 9 percent on the news. Apple couldn’t have asked for a luckier break. Sales of the company’s own flagship smartphone had been slowing, and the new iPhone 7, released in early September, received mixed reviews. “The timing couldn’t be worse from Samsung’s perspective—their big flagship was launched just weeks before the iPhone 7 was announced, and was supposed to be on sale for a couple of weeks before the iPhone 7, but in the end you can’t buy a Note 7 anywhere,” analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research, told Fox News at the time. “Apple will definitely benefit at least some from a combination of Note 7 buyers whose phones were recalled and would-be Note7 buyers who will now buy an iPhone instead. It’s not going to make an enormous difference, but it’ll certainly help a little.” But two weeks after Apple’s biggest competition temporarily surrendered the war for smartphone dominance, the world’s most valuable company is struggling to capitalize because it doesn’t actually have enough iPhones to meet demand. “Particularly on iPhone 7 Plus, we are significantly supply constrained,” Luca Maestri, Apple’s finance chief, admitted during Apple’s fourth-quarter earnings report on Tuesday. “The demand [for Jet Black iPhones] has been significantly stronger than our original expectations … We are selling everything that we can produce.” If you try ordering an iPhone right now on Apple’s Web site, you’ll be told you have to wait up to eight weeks for it to arrive. It’s an incredible missed opportunity for Apple. Last quarter, its revenue dropped for the first time in 15 years. After years of record profits, Western markets seem to have reached a saturation point for the iPhone, while sales in emerging markets like China are slowing significantly. Now, despite Samsung’s weakness, Apple is projecting underwhelming holiday sales, causing the stock to slump. “There was expectation for better guidance in the context that Samsung isn’t doing so well and these guys should be winning market share,” Abhey Lamba, an analyst at Mizuho Securities, told Bloomberg. Meanwhile, Apple’s efforts to build a new flagship product to supplement the iPhone—which provides the company with two-thirds of its revenue—aren’t going so well. Project Titan, the company’s top-secret driverless-car initiative, has laid off employees ahead of a looming 2017 deadline for the project to prove its feasibility. Apple Watch sales are also down 71 percent. C.E.O. Tim Cook gave a defensive answer on Tuesday when asked about Apple’s strategy for the coming years. “We have the strongest pipeline that we’ve ever had and we’re really confident about the things in it,” he said. “But as usual we’re not going to talk about what’s in it.” Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK How Rolling Stone Might Win Its High-stakes Libel CaseBY JAMES WARREN, CHIEF MEDIA WRITER, POYNTER.ORG Huge Shake-Up at Google Fiber as Larry Page Halts Expansion Plan BY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Come In Three Different Sizes With Glass Backs By Adnan Farooqui on 10/26/2016 11:07 PST Apple will celebrate the iPhone’s 10th anniversary next year so it’s widely believed that the company is going to go all out on the iPhone 8. A new report out of Japan claims that the iPhone 8 is going to be offered in three different sizes and that all models will feature glass backs. The report mentions that Apple’s position on glass backs is “tentative” right now which means that it might go back to using metal casings like it does on existing handsets if the glass backs don’t make sense. According to the report, the iPhone 8 will be available in 4.7, 5, and 5.5 inch sizes and all of them might feature glass backs. Previous rumors have also suggested that Apple might go for glass on both sides of the device next year. A metal frame will be sandwiched between the glass panels. The two smaller models of the iPhone 8 are reportedly going to stick with the LTPS display technology used in existing iPhones whereas the 5.5 inch model is said to feature a curved OLED display must like the one you get with the Galaxy S7 edge. Rumors suggest that it’s actually going to source those displays from Samsung. It’s still too soon to be sure of what the next-generation iPhone is going to bring to the table as we’re almost a full year away from when it’s due. Apple has obviously said nothing about the iPhone 8 as yet to it’s best to take these rumors and reports with a grain of salt for now until there’s more conclusive evidence to support these theories. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iphone 8. Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Nintendo Power Line Is Being Revived For A Few Days Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, Features & News User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Apple still drawn to TV October 26, 2016 CEO Tim Cook took the opportunity its Q3 earnings call to confirm Apple has an “intense interest” in television. Dealing with rumours swirling after the AT&T-TW deal, Cook said that Apple is “open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more”. Apple sees a “great opportunity” for the company to create and own content, he added. In the results for the three months ending September 24th 2016 Apple doesn’t break out Apple TV sales as it does for other units but the catch-all ‘other’ division that contains its STB – along with the Apple Watch and Beats headphones – had a 22 per cent decline in revenue to $2.37 billion. The group posted quarterly revenue of $46.9 billion and quarterly net income of $9 billion, compared to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion in the year-ago quarter. Earlier this year it was rumoured Apple was to bid for Time Warner and it is now touted as a suitor for Netflix. Related posts: Record quarter for Apple TV Apple’s Cook confident about TV business Apple Q3 sales fall, TV on agenda Apple profits up 12% Apple’s Cook: ‘TV no longer a ‘hobby’ You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS UK ad investments growing to £18.8bn Altice eyes Portugal’s Media Capital US investors to reduce stake in Videocon d2h? Tele Columbus Q3 up 60% NeuLion brings RugbyPass to Asia Telesat alters bond offering MTG extends MotoGP rights Starz Play Arabia secures investment funding TV4 launching SVoD channels with Vimeo Econet Media selects Verimatrix Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2016 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple Earnings 2016: Company Sees First Decline In Profits Since 2001 — Are iPhone 7 Explosions To Blame? News Analysis 2 0 0 October 26, 2016 Apple Earnings 2016: Company Sees First Decline In Profits Since 2001 — Are iPhone 7 Explosions To Blame? David Cornell Apple’s earnings in 2016 may still be profitable for the company that Steve Jobs built, but they are dropping for the first time in over a decade. It may be due to the high price of Apple products opposed to the generally higher quality that keeps consumers coming back year after year. That high price may be part of what appears to be a break in the 15-year trend. When your company is known for its quality, anything can destroy your image if it’s a big enough issue. A fast-food chain known for its delicious burgers could lose business to another chain if their customer service is lacking or they cheat customers out of money because they accidentally swapped a chicken sandwich with a cheeseburger. Recent news of the iPhone 7 exploding, according to iTech Post, may have created waves of disappointment, as consumers could be abandoning their product loyalty and going with Android instead. Samsung appears to be the culprit for the similar trend with the Android Galaxy Note 7, but Apple is known for depending on them to supply parts for their smartphones. Apple’s 15-year streak is officially over. The company just posted its first annual sales decline since 2001 https://t.co/T2aCAHTrXQ pic.twitter.com/DMiLApk5NZ — CNN (@CNN) October 26, 2016 Another possibility is the lack of a headphone jack. This makes all 3.5mm-based headphones and earbuds useless and forces the use of Bluetooth, which is notorious for making phone calls difficult due to bad connections or excess background noise. It’s usually obvious when the other person is talking on Bluetooth, because if they don’t speak up, you often can’t understand them. 2001 was the first time Apple saw an earnings boost due to the introduction of the iPod, a handy device that ended up revolutionizing the way we play music. The smallest of these, the Shuffle, was the only one without a screen, but it delivered the same music quality as those shoulder-riding stereos we had in the 80s. The drop in size came at a price, though, and the iPod Shuffle is still around $40 and up for something you could literally clip to your shirt. Apple’s earnings in 2016 declined to $1.67 per share, according to CNBC, down from $1.96 per share in 2015. This marks the first time in 15 years that Apple’s profits have dropped. Some might say that part of the reason would be the untimely death of founder Steve Jobs, who was known to be a visionary genius. The company has since been run by Tim Cook, who took a different approach. Apple’s annual sales fall for the first time since 2001 https://t.co/eOfK4bv1An pic.twitter.com/kzAkUkCKh0 — CNN Breaking News (@cnnbrk) October 25, 2016 One approach may include abandoning Samsung as a supplier if the manufacturer can’t halt the explosions being reported with a re-design. The iPhone 7 and Galaxy Note 7 appear to be following a disturbing trend most notably seen with hoverboards last year. The rolling conveyance toys had been known for using high-heat batteries and a lack of ventilation, which often caused them to catch fire. This happened while riding or even just charging. Amazon and other online retailers had offered a full refund to anyone who purchased the toys. Under Tim Cook, Apple is said to be more environmentally conscious, pushing their products to be greener, according to CNN. However, the emergence of the possibility of the iPhone 7 exploding could lead to increased pollution, ever so slightly, if not fixed. Senior vice president at Synchronoss Technologies Dan Ives has stated, “It’s going to be interesting: The next 6 to 12 months are pivotal for the industry. It speaks what type of pent up demand there is. Does Google become a player? Will Samsung get back on track? I think it’s almost like a game of high stakes poker. You want to see where everyone’s cards stand.” Can Apple’s earnings in 2016 recover after news of iPhone 7 explosions? [Featured Image by Jstone/Shutterstock.com] Now Watch This: Morgan Freeman’s Black History Month Comments Echoed By Stacey Dash Now Read This: Fake News On Facebook Could Have Been Stopped, But Company Feared Right-Wing Backlash [Report] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author David Cornell Tags: Apple Earnings 2016, iPhone 7 Explosions Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: November 14, ‘Survivor Series’ Go-Home Show — Live Updates Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.3k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 0 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.4k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] 2 0 0 Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 0 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 0 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder 10 0 0 Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Apple: A Secular Growth Company R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 1:42pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Apple: Tortoise And The Hare (Seeking Alpha) Close on the heels of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) delivering $0.02 a share higher than the estimates, Global Equities Research's Trip Chowdhry believes Apple is a secular growth story. The analyst thinks the biggest and the longest upgrade cycle for iPhone has just commenced. While stating that the tech bellwether validated nearly every data point of the Global Equities Research's earlier report, the brokerage expects market share gain for iPhone, which has a 12 percent market share in the smartphone segment. The firm thinks that the company could gain from new geographies like India, Malaysia, Nigeria, Thailand and Vietnam. Trip Chowdhry cited the following factors as support for his thesis: Focus on senior citizens. Adoption has just commenced for enterprises. Strongest ecosystem for developer. Its own SDK for every initiative. Strongest app economy enabling an app for all. The brokerage noted the first quarter revenue outlook of $76 billion–$78 billion exceeds the consensus's outlook of $75.3 billion. Following the in-line expectations, Trip Chowdhry maintains an Overweight rating and a target price of $155 on the stock. This implies over a 30 percent upside potential from the current levels. At last check, Apple was down 2.77 percent at $114.97. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Emerging Markets Price Target Reiteration Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter: 'Machine Learning Is Like A Quicksand' Can You Guess This Chart? Apple Offering Another Buying Opportunity After Recent Selloff Drexel Hamilton's Apple Monitor Shows October Sales 'Slightly Below Historical Seasonality' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 TREE, GOOGL: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 BAC, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading St... 4 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 5 PFE, WFM: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Th... 6 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 7 ABV, SAM: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Mar... 1 GXC, FXI: China Markets Rise; Yuan Down Versus Dollar 2 EPP, EWJ: Japanese Markets Gain Following Strong GDP Report 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 BAC, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tradi... 5 BREW, MO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Sto... 6 CSX, MO: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump St... 7 HD, TGT: High Earnings Expectations For... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Legacy Reserves' Second Lien Term Loan 'Not Cheap but Needed,' Says Stifel U.S. Dollar Index Erases Losses
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Analysts Are So Mixed on Upside Around Apple iPhone Guidance By Jon C. Ogg October 26, 2016 12:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) remains the most valuable company in the world by market cap. It is also one of the top companies followed by the public and by the analyst community. With Apple shares down in reaction to beating some earnings expectations, 24/7 Wall St. wanted to take a closer look at the world’s most widely followed company. Apple managed to sell more iPhones than analysts had called for. Revenue guidance was also higher. After it sold 45.51 million iPhones, Reuters had projected a 44.8 million unit consensus. What stands out here is that this actually marked the third straight quarter of falling iPhone sales, versus 48.05 million units this quarter last year. Revenue of $46.85 billion also marked the third consecutive decline — and this was the first annual drop in revenue dating back all the way to 2001. Tim Cook’s guidance for the holiday quarter already has been pondered as perhaps being conservative by some analysts. Cook’s forecast of $76 billion to $78 billion in holiday quarter revenues compares with about $75.1 billion expected from Thomson Reuters. One thing that may be an issue is that Apple already claims to be selling out everything it releases in China. That will make it harder for Cook and Apple to capitalize handily off of Samsung’s huge phone recall debacle. Intense competition is persistent in this space, even from Chinese rivals. 24/7 Wall St. has so far tracked 13 analyst changes. By the weekend, there may have been two to three times that many calls. Stifel was one of the key downgrades. The firm thinks the implied guidance of 75 million to 77 million iPhone units may be questioned by investors as well. Apple’s weakness in China led to it being downgraded to a Hold from Buy, and the firm cut its price target to $115 from $130. Credit Suisse reiterated Apple’s Outperform rating and also kept its $150 price target static. That is way above consensus. Near term, iPhone is performing OK and growth is returning. Credit Suisse said: iPhone units came in at 45.5 million (-5.3% year over year), which was an improvement over last quarter’s decline of 15.0% year over year. We now assume 77.3 million units next quarter, up 3.5% year over year. The company noted that the iPhone 7 and in particular the 7 Plus are both currently supply constrained and may not reach supply and demand equilibrium until the end of the year or later, suggesting underlying demand is strong. FBN Securities reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its $120 target price to a higher $130 target on Apple. The firm noted that profit taking and gross margin concerns create an attractive entry point for long-term investors. Mizuho thinks the iPhone guidance was too conservative due to the recent news flow around rival Samsung. Merrill Lynch has a Buy rating and $125 price objective. The firm issued 10 different reasons to own Apple after earnings. It said: The iPhone average selling prices (ASP) and mix should more than offset marginally lower units that are supply constrained. The iPhone 7+ will remain constrained in the December quarter and channel inventory has room to move higher in March. Longer term ASPs have more room for upside and carrier subsidies (in US) likely to continue at a two year cadence. Morningstar noted that Apple provided solid enhancements for iPhone and the Apple Watch, and it maintained a $133 fair value estimate. The S&P Equity research group reiterated its 12-month target price at $130 as it is more optimistic about the iPhone 7 cycle, and it sees accelerating services growth and Apple winning from higher Android switch rates. Other price target hikes were seen as follows: Barclays to $119 from $114. Independent Research to $140 from $130. JPMorgan to $114 from $107 (under current price). Macquarie to $133 from $132. Piper Jaffray to $155 from $151. Raymond James to $148 from $139. Apple shares were in the red on Wednesday after earnings. After closing at $118.25, Apple shares were down $3.34 at $114.91, for a 2.8% drop. That may be lower, but shares actually hit a low of $113.31 earlier Wednesday morning. It is just important to realize that Apple shares had been on a serious rampage higher from its lows earlier this year. Another consideration is that analysts have ratcheted their price targets higher in general. Thomson Reuters showed that the consensus analyst price target is $130.48 now. That target was $126.73 a month ago, $124.11 just 60 days ago and $122.39 90 days ago. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Hess Earnings Better Than Expected on Sharp Cost Cutting Albertsons Updates Finances Again in Most Recent IPO Filing » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, Earnings, iPhone, Tim Cook, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Los Angeles Auto Show Preview: New SUVs From Ford, Jeep, Toyota, and Subaru 3 Reasons Square Loves Larger Sellers Seaspan Corporation Grapples With Overbuilt Cargo Fleets Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing Kilroy (KRC) Picks Adobe as Anchor Tenant for 100 Hooper AstraZeneca's Symbicort Positive in Pediatric Asthma Study Bristol-Myers Offers Updates from Opdivo Combination Trials A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Seaspan Corporation Grapples With Overbuilt Cargo Fleets What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Are A Swamp Unto Themselves Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Job Board Newsletters B|K: The BetaKit Newsletter F|T: The FinTech Times S|W: The SaaS Weekly W|W: The Wearable Weekly Resources Canadian Startup Map Community Events INVEST OTTAWA Betakit.Fund Tips About Team Write for BetaKit Contact Us Advertise Canadian Startup News CanCon Podcast Ep. 42: How does Canadian tech respond to Trump? CVCA & The Entrepreneurship Society team up to help founders raise capital Nov 30th Thalmic begins Series B hiring spree in #WaterlooRegion and San Francisco Acquisitions Changes Feature Funding Launches Partnerships Tech Innovation BC tech sector gets ‘A’ grade nationally, but big picture is more mixed How government regulators can better embrace the sharing economy Growing a (sustainable) sales team: a guide for startups Innovation Growth Trends By Jessica Vomiero Canadian Startup News October 26, 2016 Apple reportedly working on self-driving car project in Ottawa Apple is reportedly working on its self-driving car project in QNX’s backyard. Bloomberg reports that Apple has opened a Canadian office in the Ottawa suburb, Kanata, which is a short distance from BlackBerry-owned QNX. Despite this however, the office is staffed with two dozen engineers who’ve partially been poached from QNX. MobileSyrup previously reported that Apple hired the former head of QNX Dan Dodge most likely to work on its driverless car project, otherwise known as Project Titan. In addition, Apple also poached Derrick Keefe, a former senior engineer at QNX after more than 10 years of employment. While Apple has never officially confirmed the existence of Project Titan, several outlets have reported rumours of a car project since it was allegedly founded in 2014. While Apple has quietly hired automotive and software engineers to work on ‘Project Titan,’ a specific development location has not been leaked until now. This development is a new one for Apple, as the tech giant normally prefers to keep works in progress close to its Cupertino campus. However, Apple’s intention to open a location in Ottawa was reported earlier this year. The Ottawa Citizen claimed that the 22,000-square-foot space was located on the third floor of 411 Legget Drive. It was speculated at the time that the choice of location could be linked to the office’s proximity to QNX, though nothing had been confirmed. Bloomberg reports that Apple specifically targeted QNX engineers because of their “experience developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management.” QNX was acquired by BlackBerry in 2010, and has since become known as one of the foremost influences in the rapidly developing driverless car market. Despite these reports, Apple has reportedly experienced difficulty bringing Project Titan to fruition. According to previous reports from Bloomberg, Apple recently laid off hundreds of people in its car division. MobileSyrup previously reported that departing members of the team had either been reassigned or let go. The Cupertino, California-based tech giant has also never officially acknowledged the existence of Project Titan. This was supposedly due to Apple’s decision to restructure the car project to reflect a software-based vision rather than a hardware one. More specifically, Apple apparently decided to focus on building the software required to operate a driverless car, leaving it open to partner with existing automotive companies to develop the body of the car. In addition, it was predicted that Apple no longer plans to develop an electric car to compete with companies like Tesla. This article was originally published on MobileSyrup ottawa Share on: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google + Linkedin Jessica Vomiero Previous article Today in AI: Machine learning heavyweights launch AI startup factory, D-Wave co-founder reveals stealth AI company Next article BC tech sector gets ‘A’ grade nationally, but big picture is more mixed Sign up for the BetaKit Newsletter Email Address* First Name Last Name * = required field powered by MailChimp! Latest Posts CanCon Podcast Ep. 42: How does Canadian tech respond to Trump? CVCA & The Entrepreneurship Society team up to help founders raise capital Nov 30th W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality Thalmic begins Series B hiring spree in #WaterlooRegion and San Francisco More BetaKit Stories Parsel’s Josh Brandley on the importance of building an entrepreneur support group Being an entrepreneur can be a lonely endeavour, especially in the early stages when companies are still trying figure of what they are, or… Connect with BetaKit Upcoming Events TechToronto Meetup + Afterparty (November 2016) November 14 @ 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm Startup Stand-up – A Charity Comedy Show November 17 @ 6:15 pm - 9:15 pm BreakInequality Hackathon November 26 @ 8:00 am - November 27 @ 5:00 pm View All Events Sign up for the BetaKit Newsletter Email Address* First Name Last Name * = required field powered by MailChimp! Copyright 2012-2015 MobileSyrup, BetaKit Back to top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How Microsoft’s iMac copy compares to the Apple original Chris Mills BGR NewsOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Microsoft just announced the Surface Studio, an all-in-one desktop computer aimed squarely at creative designers and professionals. Stop me if you've heard this one before. Of course, we can't talk about the Studio without mentioning the iMac, Apple's all-in-one that Microsoft is clearly challenging. The two machines are clearly similar, but once you dig down, there's all sorts of differences to examine. DON'T MISS: The 7 biggest announcements from Microsoft’s October event Screen The biggest selling point on both these devices is the screen. We're going to focus on the 27-inch 5K iMac, since it's the closest competitor to the Studio. Apple's computer has 5,120 x 2,880 pixels across 27 inches, which means 217 pixels per inch. Microsoft's screen is 4,500 x 3,000 pixels across 28 inches, so a PPI of 192. It's not a big difference, and you probably won't notice it unless your pixel-peeping real hard. More important is the color accuracy, and we're going to have to wait for real-world comparisons to declare a winner. On the surface, both look pretty similar. Both machines have support for sRGB and DCI-P3 color profiles, promise great color fidelity, and can be switched easily. While neither display is going to replace a $5,000 monitor for movie or photo production work, both are probably just fine for the vast majority of real-world use. Overall, it looks like a tie between both screens in terms of resolution and color accuracy. Of course, there's the matter of the Studio's touch capabilities, but we'll look at that below. en-intl-pdp0-surface-cardinal-42l-00001-f4-desktopMore Design Microsoft made a big deal out of the design choices they've made to make the Studio more flexible. While the iMac has a thin base, relatively thick screen and crams the components in behind, Microsoft chose to made a big base that contains all the guts. This means the screen of the Studio is far thinner -- 12mm throughout -- than the iMac, but has a bigger base. While the iMac's screen is at a fixed height and only tilts, the Studio has a fancy hinge that allows you to convert it into a drawing tablet. Microsoft calls it a "zero-gravity hinge," because it apparently requires zero effort to move. You could accuse the Studio of being a clunkier design because of the boxy base, but the functionality to swivel the screen down to desk height and draw is unbeatable. This round goes to Microsoft. Performance The top-end Studio packs a desktop Core i7, 32GB of RAM, hybrid 2TB SSD/HDD, and discrete GTX 980M inside. Those are top-end PC specs, although the inclusion of a 980M is a little disappointing. That's Nvidia's last-gen mobile graphics card, and it can be handily outclassed by any of Nvidia's new 1000-series graphics cards. Companies are making (admittedly huge) laptops with GTX 1080 cards, so the older graphics card (which, of course, can't be upgraded) is a real let-down for a computer that costs this much, and is meant to be made for serious graphic design professionals. Of course, the iMac isn't much better. The max specs are basically the same, but the best graphics card you can get is AMD's M395X with 4GB of GDDR5. On most benchmarks, the 980M handily outclasses the AMD card. That might all change, because Apple is expected to have an event tomorrow, and a spec bump for the iMac is easily possible. Overall, I'd hand the performance to Microsoft. There's no real difference between the base specs, but the slightly smaller resolution and faster graphics card should make things faster on the Studio. Watch this space, though. en-intl-pdp0-surface-cardinal-42l-00001-c1-desktopMore Input Devices On the iMac, you've got a keyboard and mouse. A fancy keyboard and mouse, to be fair, but still technology that hasn't really changed in 30 years. The Studio comes with as many input devices as I have limbs, however. There's the wireless keyboard and mouse you'd expect. Then, there's the fact that the 28-inch screen is touch-sensitive. Microsoft also includes a pen and a haptic-feedback Dial, so there's no shortage of input devices. Read More The Surface Pen and Dial are probably the biggest reasons to buy the Studio. If the pen experience is anything like the Surface Book, there will be nearly zero latency and a good drawing experience. Microsoft spent the entire event talking about how good the Studio is for creative people, and provided Windows plays nice with all the new input device, this category is a wash for Microsoft. Price But here's the sticking point: the Studio starts at $3,000 for a model with a Core i5, 8GB of RAM, GTX 965M and a 1TB hard drive. The iMac has similar specs for $1,800. The gap between the two could nearly buy you Microsoft's entry-level Surface Book, or a professional-grade Wacom graphics tablet. Things are a tiny bit better at a higher spec. The top-end Studio is $4,200, while the maxed-out iMac is $3,400. That's still a big gap, but the better graphics card goes some way to justify it. But whichever way you cut it, you're paying a big premium with the Studio for better graphics, a fancy hinge and a nice stylus. We'll have to wait and see if it's enough to drag the world's graphic designers to Windows. Trending right now: Somebody just smashed Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star with a sledgehammer iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting for The 7 biggest announcements from Microsoft’s October event See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system The Verge The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Microsoft takes on the iMac with new Surface Studio PC Free ‘Creators Update’ for Windows 10 will bring new 3D capabilities to the desktop Wed, Oct 26, 2016, 18:31 Ciara O'Brien Microsoft chief executive Satya Narayana Nadella at the launch of the Surface Studio. Photograph: Reuters Microsoft corporate vice-president for surface computing Panos Panay demonstrates the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer. Photograph: Reuters Megan Saunders, Microsoft general manager of HoloLens and other emergent technologies announces Paint 3D. Photograph: Reuters Previous Image Next Image         Microsoft has expanded its Surface line with a new desktop PC aimed at taking on the iMac. The Surface Studio is a 28-inch PC that has all its components in the base, similar to Apple’s iMac. However, the Microsoft machine can be changed to a 20-degree angle for more creative uses. Speaking at the launch event, Microsoft product chief Panos Panay said the PC had performance that was unmatched. The tech giant unveiled the $3,000 (€2,750) device during an event in New York that also saw a revamped Surface Book showcased to the crowd, along with the “Creators Update” for Windows 10 that brings new 3D capabilities to the desktop. The Surface Book i7 comes with a better battery life, about 30 per cent more than its predecessor. Also, according to Microsoft, it has about three times the graphics power of the current MacBook Pro. Apple is expected to launch a revamped line of Macs at an event on Thursday. Free of charge The update would be issued free of charge to current Windows 10 users early next year, Microsoft said. Among the new features added to the operating system is a 3D version of Microsoft’s Paint drawing programme, with 3D editing features also coming to PowerPoint and other programmes that will allow people to create 3D presentations. Microsoft has also developed a new 3D capture tool for smartphones that will allow users to capture scans of real-world objects and add them to their digital creations. Although the app was demonstrated on a Windows Phone, Microsoft said it was aiming to have the software on all platforms. Also on the way are virtual reality accessories and headsets that will hit the market in 2017. For gamers, Microsoft announced the addition of Beam, a new tool that allows players to stream their games to friends as they play. That will go head to head with Amazon’s Twitch service. ADVERTISEMENT Terry Myerson, executive vice-president for Microsoft’s Windows and devices group, said the update was tailored for gamers who were increasingly interested in augmented and virtual reality experiences. Additional reporting: Reuters       Topics: Panos Panay Terry Myerson Amazon Apple Microsoft Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 00:01 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 2 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 3 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 4 US tax cut targeting Irish-based firms could emerge in first 100 days 5 EU adopts bloc-wide approach to long-term unemployment 6 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam 7 Hard skills get you hired, poor soft skills could get you fired 8 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 9 Profits nosedive at ‘Farmville’ creator Zynga’s Irish subsidiary 10 O’Flynns sue Nama over alleged leak of information Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Buy the dip: Wall Street reacts to Apple's mixed quarter Katie Little | @KatieLittle Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 1:32 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images An Apple employee hands over Apple iPhone 7 phones at an Apple store on Sept. 16, 2016 in Berlin. Apple's stock suffered some bruising as the shares sank Wednesday after the tech giant delivered a mixed quarterly report a day earlier. Mostly though, Wall Street analysts maintained their buy and outperform ratings in the wake of news that Apple reported its third straight quarter of year-over-year revenue decline. Here is what analysts are saying after the print: Goldman Sachs Goldman analysts maintained their buy rating on the iPhone seller and wrote, "All in, we viewed the strong guidance as supportive of our near-term thesis that the iPhone 7 will drive upside to consensus." They also noted that acquisitions may play a larger role in Apple's strategy as the company indicated a "more open ended" stance to mergers and acquisitions relative to previous quarters. Goldman noted services were the "star" for the most recent quarter as growth accelerated to 24 percent year over year. Credit Suisse The message from Credit Suisse was clear: "buy any dips." Analysts reiterated their outperform rating on Apple's stock. "While there may be some near-term weakness after the recent strength, we believe the lack of upside to estimates is more reflective of supply constraints," they wrote. "Fundamentally we believe our thesis remains intact with the iPhone 7 driving the business back to growth followed by an iPhone 8 super cycle." Credit Suisse has a $150 price target on Apple stock. RBC Capital Markets RBC maintained its "outperform" rating, writing the recent sell-off creates an "attractive entry point" for investors for a stock that's currently undervalued. Analysts wrote in a note that Apple has multiple levers in place, including emerging markets, enterprise markets and potential new products, such as iTv. Deutsche Bank With a hold rating on the tech giant's stock, Deutsche Bank analysts are "concerned about slowing smartphone growth and elongating refresh cycles in mature markets." Canaccord Genuity The firm maintained its buy rating and $140 price target on Apple stock. "With stronger-than-expected initial iPhone 7 demand greatly outstripping supply, our positive thesis remains intact with continued iPhone market share gains, continued strong growth of high-margin iTunes software and services, new product categories such as Apple Watch and services offerings such as Apple Pay and Apple Music to drive growth with improved margins," analysts wrote. Katie LittleStaff Writer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch The Microsoft-Apple rivalry is alive and well The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama October 26 Follow @htsuka Panos Panay, corporate vice president of devices, holds the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer at a live event in Manhattan on Oct. 26. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters) Microsoft is trying to rekindle a rivalry with Apple, introducing two new computers on Wednesday that are aimed squarely at the creative set of customers whom Apple has long claimed as its own. A few years ago, Microsoft seemed to be an afterthought for most in the tech world. Having all but missed the mobile revolution, it was hard to believe chief executive Satya Nadella when he said last year that Microsoft would focus on making innovative products people loved. [Microsoft doesn’t just want you to use Windows 10. It wants you to love it.] But he meant it. And Microsoft, still looking to shake off its image as the default option for the world's cubicle workers, took to a New York City stage on Wednesday to show off a generation of products designed to promote passion and creativity — not just productivity. Microsoft introduced a new desktop, reimagined with touchscreen and pen technology that have earned it a following for its Surface tablets. The 28-inch computer, called the Surface Studio, sits on sleek chrome arms and can adjust to a flat angle for writers and sketchers who want to use it as an enormous piece of paper. Its minimalist design brought to mind the obsessive simplicity of Apple's thinnest Macs. The Surface Studio also comes with a hockey puck-like dial, in addition to a mouse. Users can place the dial on the screen to change things, such as paint color, mid-stroke. It can also be used off-screen, on your desk. “Every single one of us is a creator,” said Microsoft's Panos Panay, the company's corporate vice president of devices. “We want people to use this product to help everyone create.” Here's to the creators. Imagine what you'll do. #MicrosoftEvent pic.twitter.com/Qd8OtZAGg2 — Microsoft (@Microsoft) October 26, 2016 Microsoft also introduced a new version of the Surface Book, its high-end laptop, which boasts 16 hours of battery life and, according to Panay, has three times the performance of the highest-end MacBook Pro. That was a not-so-subtle dig that hints at the resurgence of an old rivalry. Microsoft's push into a space that has traditionally been Apple's domain — devices for creative types — comes at the same time as Apple has been touting the productivity of its own devices. Both are trying to frame their devices as products that can take customers seamlessly from work to play, at a time when the line between the two domains is blurring more than ever. Apple is also expected to introduce new laptops this week, at a Thursday event at its Cupertino, Calif., headquarters. But the MacBook maker has already made clear that it has its eye on the business world that has been Microsoft's domain for many years, particularly with the introduction of its large iPad Pro tablet, which supports a keyboard and is sold as a possible laptop replacement — similar to Microsoft's Surface. Of course, it remains to be seen how well either company's attempts to alter their images stick with consumers. And both Microsoft's new products are pricey — between $3,000 and $4,200 for the Studio, $2,400 for the Surface book — which makes it for high-end buyers. But it seems as if both firms are increasingly marketing to the same group of people. Hardware isn't the only place where Microsoft is trying to change its image. The firm also showed ways it plans to bring 3D-modeling, virtual reality and augmented reality into the mainstream. The company's new “Creators” version of its Windows 10 operating system, due out in the spring, lets anyone scan and manipulate 3D objects into their computers to place in sketches and PowerPoint presentations. The Windows 10 Creators edition also has more user-centric features such as a “people bar” powered by Microsoft's Skype, that will give users easy access to their most-used contacts. Users can also edit emoji, to fit their own personalities. Microsoft also showed off a native program called Beam that lets users stream video games from their PCs. A previous version of this post misstated the price of the Surface Studio. This version has been corrected. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 4 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 5 Stunningly good news for the planet: Carbon emissions were flat for the third straight year Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         World stock markets cautious amid company earnings     By Kelvin Chan, The Associated Press October 27, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren‚Äôt impressed with Apple‚Äôs latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) HONG KONG - Global stock markets were steady on Thursday as investors weighed a mixed batch of corporate earnings reports and economic data. KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX stock index was flat at 10,710 and France's CAC 40 slipped 0.2 per cent to 4,527. Britain's FTSE 100 was flat at 6,957. U.S. stocks were poised to open slightly higher, with Dow futures ticking 0.2 per cent higher and broader S&P 500 futures gaining 0.3 per cent. PROFIT AND LOSS: Investors were evaluating the latest corporate profit reports. Samsung's profits slumped 17 per cent for the July-September period after it recalled and discontinued its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 phone. Germany's Deutsche Bank and Volkswagen returned to profits, easing some concerns about their respective problems, including the bank's legal issues in the U.S. and the carmaker's costly emissions scandal. ECONOMIC OUTLOOK: British third quarter growth was better than expected, at a quarterly rate of 0.5 per cent, compared with forecasts for 0.3 per cent. While still a preliminary figure, it helped ease concerns about a potential slowdown following the country's vote in June to leave the European Union. Looking ahead, investors will focus on a U.S. GDP report due Friday, while next week the Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan have policy meetings. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.3 per cent to end at 17,336.42 while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.5 per cent to 2,024.12. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.8 per cent to 23,132.35 and the Shanghai Composite Index in mainland China dipped 0.1 per cent to 3,112.35. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 shed 1.2 per cent to 5,295.50. Benchmarks in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. ENERGY: Oil prices stabilized after falling for three straight days. U.S. benchmark crude futures rose 16 cents to $49.34 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 78 cents overnight. Brent crude, the international standard, added 31 cents to $50.29 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.73 yen from 104.66 yen in late trading Thursday. The euro was higher, at $1.0923 from $1.0906.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren‚Äôt impressed with Apple‚Äôs latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Erin Energy Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results The Estée Lauder Companies to Acquire Too Faced Rockwell Automation Invests $12M to Bring Science and Technology to Next Generation Workforce           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 223 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Report: Apple launching three iPhones next year All models of the anniversary smartphone will feature glass backs. Post to Facebook Report: Apple launching three iPhones next year All models of the anniversary smartphone will feature glass backs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2evSvzF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 27 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Report: Apple launching three iPhones next year Brett Molina , USA TODAY 5:01 p.m. EDT October 26, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share It's banking on a strong holiday season. Time The new Apple iPhone 7 does not include a headphone jack. (Photo: Richard Vogel, AP) The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been available for a little more than a month, yet rumors continue to swirl about next year's smartphone. According to Nikkei Asian Review, Apple will launch three iPhone models next year, coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the company's flagship device. All three iPhones — sporting 4.7-, 5- and 5.5-inch touchscreens, will all feature glass backs, says the report. The tech giant is looking to recharge sales of the iPhone, which were down during Apple's fiscal fourth quarter. Apple also ended the fiscal year with its first decline in revenue since 2001. Shares of Apple slipped 2.7% in afternoon trading. iPhone coverage: Ask Matt: Has Apple and the iPhone peaked? Apple had used glass back on earlier models of the iPhone before switching to an aluminum back with the launch of the iPhone 5 in 2012. Apple reported fourth-quarter iPhone shipments of 45.5 million, down 5% from the 48 million shipped a year ago. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Apple iPhone 7 buyers around the world  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. One of the first customers to buy a new iPhone walks out of an Apple store in Manhattan Sept, 16, 2016.  Spencer Platt, Getty Images Fullscreen Customers wait in line for the release of the Apple iPhone 7 and the latest Apple Watches at the the Grove in Los Angeles.   Richard Vogel, AP Fullscreen An Apple employee offers customers pastries and coffee while they wait in line for the release of the Apple iPhone 7 and the latest Apple Watches at the Apple Store at the Grove in Los Angeles.   Richard Vogel, AP Fullscreen Alex Torodache, one of the first customers to purchase an iPhone 7, jumps in celebration at Puerta del Sol Apple Store in Madrid, Spain.  Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno, Getty Images Fullscreen Apple customers sell their new Apple iPhone 7s to dealers across the street from the Apple store in Hong Kong. Dealers on the street were offering around $1,000 for iPhone 7's.  Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Customers at an Apple store in line for the new iPhone 7 in Munich, Germany.  Sean Gallup, Getty Images Fullscreen Customers at an Apple store in line for the new iPhone 7 in Munich Germany.   Peter Kneffel, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A Chinese couple tests the new iPhone 7 during the opening sale launch at an Apple store in Shanghai.   Johannes Eisele, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A Dutch IT student poses after having been the first customer to buy the new iPhone 7 during the opening sale launch at an Apple store in Amsterdam.  Lex Van Lieshout, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Apple Store employees cheer and clap as customers arrive to buy the iPhone 7 smartphone on the day of its release at Covent Garden in London on Sept. 16, 2016.  Jack Taylor, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Nia Evans, 30, from New York, a hospital nurse on jury duty, waits for a new iPhone.  Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY Fullscreen People wait in line at the Apple store in New York for a the new iPhone 7.  Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY Fullscreen Demetrios Leontaris, Katherine Fernandez and Efstathios Leontaris. Katherine is Efstathios' girlfriend, both are 18. They've been online at the Apple store for a week and a half waiting for the new iPhone 7.  Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY Fullscreen "I'm not buying the phone. I'm not crazy" says Lila Sagitova, 26, from Russia. Her friend is on line to buy the iPhone and she's holding the spot.  Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jackie Lin, left, Dre Francis and Cat Damico, all 18 from Queens, NY, live together in the same house, all hoping to make some money off the line at the Apple store in New York. "Was hoping to get sponsored but since I wasted my time I'm gonna get a phone." says Damico, who's buying two phones and hoping to sell them and use that money to buy a new one. But she may keep the money because she's upset about the lack of jet black and plus options available. "Apple's whack, they're liars."  Eli Blumenthal, USA TODAY Fullscreen Apple fans from eastern Europe camp out in front of the Berlin Apple store ahead of tomorrow's sales launch of the new Apple iPhone 7 on Sept. 15, 2016 in Berlin.  Sean Gallup, Getty Images Fullscreen A man sleeps in the line Sept. 14, 2016, at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in New York before the release of the iPhone 7.  Don Emmert, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen People wait in the line Sept. 14, 2016 to buy the iPhone 7 at the Fifth Avenue Apple store in New York.  Don Emmert, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Marcus Barsoum, 16, sits in line outside Apple's flagship store in Sydney's central business district Sept. 14, 2016.  William West, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 19 2 of 19 3 of 19 4 of 19 5 of 19 6 of 19 7 of 19 8 of 19 9 of 19 10 of 19 11 of 19 12 of 19 13 of 19 14 of 19 15 of 19 16 of 19 17 of 19 18 of 19 19 of 19 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. 223 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 27 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2evSvzF
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Editorials and columns News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Editorials and columns Despite lacklustre quarter Apple's still got juice Filed on October 26, 2016 Share More > Vote While Apple revenues are up in Europe and Japan (compared to 2015), the company didn't do too well in China and the Americas. Two major reasons have thrown a spanner in its works. The fourth quarter results are out for the world's most successful company and it is not a rosy number. Apple shares have fallen 2 per cent as it posted a third straight quarter of revenue decline (year-on-year). The Cupertino-based company posted (quarterly) revenue of $46.9 billion and net income of $9 billion. These results compare to revenue of $51.5 billion and net income of $11.1 billion, in the same quarter a year ago. Since it released its main jewel, the iconic iphone7, Apple has managed to sell 45 million iphones. During the same period last year, Apple had sold 48 million iPhones - roughly five per cent more. The decline comes even as Apple's main rival - the South Korean major Samsung witnessed a nightmarish few months, recalling its Galaxy Note7 smartphones. While Apple revenues are up in Europe and Japan (compared to 2015), the company didn't do too well in China and the Americas. Two major reasons have thrown a spanner in its works. First - the overall sales of iPhone have been down. For a company that makes almost 65 per cent of its revenues through iPhone, this spells trouble. Secondly growth in China has been sluggish. Sales in the Asian major have fallen by 30 per cent year-on-year. China is Apple's second-largest market with a massive growth potential. Not all is lost though. There is a silver lining on the cloud for Apple. The next six to 12 months are going to be critical. Apple has already set its eyes on 2017 - the anniversary year of iPhone. Investors are expecting a bigger update to the platform than iPhone 7. Already the latest version of iOS - iOS 10 - is being adopted at the faster rate ever. Apple is expecting a return in sales growth during the three months ending December, which would be a good precursor for things to come Share More > Vote MORE FROM Editorials and columns Editorials and columns Despite lacklustre quarter Apple's still got juice While Apple revenues are up in Europe and Japan (compared to 2015), the company didn't do too well in China and the Americas. Two major... READ MORE Editorials and columns Despite lacklustre quarter Apple's still got juice While Apple revenues are up in Europe and Japan (compared to 2015), the company didn't do too well in China and the Americas. Two major... READ MORE Editorials and columns Indian politics is a joke, try Netflix for real... With politics dominating Indian TV news, the comedy is all slapstick READ MORE Editorials and columns Can a hurt and divided US heal itself on November 9? How will the next president - Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump - move to heal the nation following an election that's further polarised the... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Ras Al Khaimah UAE exam papers leaked via messaging app The leak was uncovered after students were found circulating the exam ... READ MORE UAE health Take your baby home, or get cash back: IVF centre The main causes of infertility in the UAE are polycystic ovaries... READ MORE Happiness Times Why nearly 100% in Dubai will be happier in 5... 83% of people in Dubai consider themselves happy today, and 95%... READ MORE Kuwait Parrot reveals husband's affair with housemaid to ... The alleged affair came to light after the parrot started to repeat... READ MORE   Popular Voted Dubai Dubai billionaire's D5 Rolls Royce fined for wrong parking 63896 views | 25 October 2016 Mobiles WhatsApp now has video calling but... 52576 views | 25 October 2016 Kuwait Parrot reveals husband's affair with housemaid to wife 48427 views | 26 October 2016 Dubai Watch: 10 mistakes Dubai drivers should avoid in RTA road test 41066 views | 20 October 2016 India Mukesh Ambani's daughter Isha isn't getting married 34875 views | 25 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Saudi dumps bride TWO HOURS after wedding...because of Snapchat 32947 views | 25 October 2016 Sharjah Sharjah man cuts off genitals for being forced to remarry 28428 views | 25 October 2016 Listicles REVEALED: The fastest growing religion in the world is... 26830 views | 26 October 2016 Dubai Who's exempted from Dubai driving test? 25062 views | 26 October 2016 Aviation Dubai's Emirates airline to move base from DXB to Al Maktoum International 20692 views | 25 October 2016 Dubai Historic day: Water flows through Dubai Canal for first time 18559 views | 24 October 2016 Crime Hunt on for killer who burnt man to death 16693 views | 24 October 2016 Crime Drunk Indian foreman denies raping cleaner in Dubai 13405 views | 25 October 2016 General 7 latest Pakistani jobs in UAE: Accountant, gynecologist... 13262 views | 25 October 2016 Dubai 11 Dubai traffic fines you may not know about 12483 views | 26 October 2016 Dubai Historic day: Water flows through Dubai Canal for first time 235 votes | 24 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian prince's last hours before execution 193 votes | 19 October 2016 Business Rent an apartment in Dubai for just Dh2,500 146 votes | 20 October 2016 Education The REAL reason DPS Academy is shutting down 144 votes | 23 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistani chaiwala turns fashion-wala, becomes model 140 votes | 19 October 2016 Sharjah Police suspect short circuit as reason for Sharjah villa fire 130 votes | 23 October 2016 Cricket Kohli breaks two Tendulkar records in a single day 117 votes | 23 October 2016 General 5 months on 14 Indian sailors in 'pathetic situation' off UAE's coast 114 votes | 19 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Khalifa, Mohammed, Hamdan, Fatima born to one mum 106 votes | 23 October 2016 Sharjah Sharjah man cuts off genitals for being forced to remarry 105 votes | 25 October 2016 Dubai Dubai billionaire's D5 Rolls Royce fined for wrong parking 97 votes | 25 October 2016 General Women Business Council member dies in Sharjah villa fire 95 votes | 22 October 2016 MENA At 500 kg, Egyptian woman is world's fattest 95 votes | 23 October 2016 Crime Parents' diaper fight leads to baby's death in Abu Dhabi 93 votes | 19 October 2016 Dubai Indian in coma for 17 months, brother struggles with repatriation 83 votes | 24 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 Comment: Microsoft Surface Studio is the company’s answer to Apple’s iMac and Mac Pro Greg Barbosa - 3 weeks ago @gregbarbosa iMac Mac Pro Microsoft Microsoft Surface Studio View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit During Microsoft’s October Windows event today, the company did something I never expected them to do: surpass Apple’s own desktop solution and experiences. Microsoft announced the launch of their new Surface Studio desktop, an all-in-one system with a beautiful 28” touchscreen display. A powerhouse of a system with specs up to 32GB of RAM and a GPU with 4 GB video RAM, Microsoft is really pulling out all the stops here to make their desktop solution attractive to all creatives in a way normally seen as Apple’s place. The iMac has maintained the same design for the past few years, and with the Mac Pro seemingly forgotten within the desktop lineup, Microsoft has a solid chance at stealing some of Apple’s customers away. A few years ago during Apple’s September 2010 event, Steve Jobs explained why they hadn’t built a touchscreen into any of the MacBooks yet. Funnily enough, he stood on stage saying it just a few weeks after patent filings showed Apple was exploring an “iMac Touch”. The iMac Touch even had a Flex Base that showed the iMac bending at a more comfortable angle for touch input, something we saw today with Microsoft’s Surface Studio. A similar design, dubbed the Zero Gravity hinge, allows the display to lay nearly flat. The announcement of the Surface Studio showed us something that Apple had hand-waved as not being worth their time: treating a desktop system’s display as a touchscreen. All the negatives I could think of were answered during Microsoft’s event. The Surface Studio uses wrist-detection within its display allowing artists to bend the display on the Zero Gravity hinge down into a more comfortable angle and lay on top of it in the same way they would at a drawing desk. The Surface Pen then allows any artist to draw directly on the display like the previous Surface devices could. The argument Jobs showed on stage with the MacBook’s display being angled strangely as a limiting factor was solved with the Surface Book, and a similar idea is now see in a large screen desktop solution. As the announcements continued today I fully expected that the internal specs would have been lackluster, and that the usage of the touchscreen and Pen integration would be the gimmick that got everyone’s attention. That was proven wrong once Microsoft began listing out the 192 DPI PixelSense Display, one without discernible pixels from any distance. The hardware integration of the Surface Pen and the Surface Dial (albeit a weird device) shows that Microsoft can still create hardware that integrates intuitively within their new systems. The Surface Studio combines the best of the desktop experience that the iMac provides, an all-in-one solution with a beautiful large display, and the power that a professional would expect from a Mac Pro. This may not be the exact system Apple customers would have expected or wanted from Apple, but one fully welcomed from Microsoft. Both the Mac Pro and Surface Studio start at $2,999, but only Microsoft’s solution includes everything you need to get started immediately out of the box. There are plenty of arguments as to why Apple might not want to bring a touchscreen system to macOS, but none of those answer why their hero desktop systems have quickly felt as though they are falling behind. Of course with Apple’s Mac event coming up tomorrow, we can’t even remotely call this fight over. Apple could surprise us with radical changes in the iMac and Mac Pro, even though we have no expectation of new desktops. Regardless of tomorrow’s event, Apple needs to show customers soon that they still care about their desktop solutions in a modicum of the same way that Microsoft showed today. Guides iMac View THe Guide Mac Pro View THe Guide Microsoft View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Liveblog: Apple’s first Mac event in ages Ars reports on Apple's new Mac hardware. by Andrew Cunningham - Oct 27, 2016 4:30 pm UTC Login to bookmark 242 Apple View Liveblog 2016-10-27T12:00:00-05:00 Apple's latest media event kicks off tomorrow, October 27, at 10am Pacific/1pm Eastern. After focusing primarily on the iPhone and Apple Watch at its event in September, Apple is expected to dedicate this one mostly to its aging Mac lineup. This will be Apple's first onstage mention of Mac hardware since March of 2015, when the company unveiled its one-ported Retina MacBook. The only Mac updates to happen since then—the 2016 refresh of the MacBook and new 4K and 5K iMacs—were introduced more quietly via press releases and early reviews. The MacBook Pro is expected to be the event's biggest announcement, and Apple itself has already leaked significant details about the laptop. It has a customizable OLED touchscreen in place of the row of function keys, and there's a Touch ID fingerprint sensor for authentication and Apple Pay. Aside from the 13- and 15-inch Pros, Apple is expected to announce another laptop in either the MacBook or MacBook Air families, and the company could potentially make announcements about the iMac and its other desktops. The timer below shows you when the event will start in your time zone. Mark your calendars and hold on to your butts. Expand full story Reader comments 242 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Stocks mixed as more profits miss mark; Apple falls 3% Adam Shell , USA TODAY , KHOU 11:44 AM. CDT October 26, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Stocks cut early losses and were trading mixed Wednesday as investors continue to grapple with the trend of U.S. corporate earnings "beats" being offset by companies that fall short of forecasts continues to keep the broad market in its sideways pattern. In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 50 points, or 0.3%, after being down about 100 points earlier. Dow component profit beats from soft-drink maker Coca-Cola (KO) and aerospace giant Boeing (BA) were competing with disappointing results from iPhone maker Apple (AAPL), which topped earnings estimates by a penny but clocked in its third straight quarter of declining revenue and its first full-year revenue decline in 15 years. Coca-Cola shares were up 0.3% and Boeing's stock surged more than 2%. But Apple was selling off to the tune of almost 3%. The blue chip Dow has closed lower three of the past four trading sessions, leaving it down 2.5% from its Aug. 15 record high and up 4.3% in 2016. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 stock index was flat and the Nasdaq composite index was down 0.2%. The broad market was also dragged down by another drop below $50 per barrel for U.S.-produced crude oil. Stocks were broadly lower in Europe and Asia. The broad Stoxx Europe 600 index was off 0.9%, and shares were lower in Germany, France and Britain. In Asia, despite a 0.2% gain for Japan's Nikkei 225, major stock indexes closed lower in Hong Kong and Shanghai. In other earning news, Wall Street was reacting to by a big profit miss from restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG), which is still reeling from its food-safety issue, and cuts to the full-year forecast from music streamer Pandora (P) and hotel chain Wyndham Worldwide (WYN). Chipotle shares were off nearly 7%, Pandora was down more than 7% and Wyndham was down more than 4%. The earnings picture is being closely watched, as third-quarter profit growth has turned positive, which has raised hopes that the so-called profits recession will end at four quarters. Still, some of the profit reports have come in weak and so-called forward guidance from CEOs has been leaning to the negative side. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Trump gives first interview since winning presidential election Chili's accused of taking meal from veteran Mom investigated after video goes viral, sparks outrage Federal lawsuit filed over injured HPD inmate 2 dead in shooting outside mall Local astronaut, 64, still hits weekly hockey league SUV crashes into SmashBurger restaurant Episode 1: Vision Impaired Episode 3: Instant Replay More Stories Anti-Trump protester accused of punching police… Nov 14, 2016, 1:32 p.m. Lawsuit: Cop used excessive force against HPD inmate Nov 14, 2016, 11:37 a.m. Cy-Ridge HS teacher charged with sexual assault of student Nov 14, 2016, 6:10 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Authorities: Apple Valley woman upset with boyfriend sets bushes on fire Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 at 10:23 AM Oct 26, 2016 at 10:23 AM Staff reports APPLE VALLEY — Authorities arrested a woman who was upset with her boyfriend and allegedly set bushes on fire in a field near her Apple Valley home. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department deputies arrested Christina Delvonia Burris, 36, on suspicion of arson Tuesday night after firefighters extinguished a small bush fire near Multinomah and Caddo roads, Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station spokeswoman Trish Hill said. Hill said Burris was “upset” with her boyfriend and wound up lighting several bushes on fire. Booking records show Burris’ lives in the 21000 block of Multinomah Road, near the scene where she was arrested. Burris was being held at West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga in lieu of $100,000 bail and is expected to be arraigned in a Victorville courtroom Thursday afternoon, booking records show. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Don’t believe the hype: Apple added more debt than cash By Jeremy C. Owens Published: Oct 26, 2016 1:53 p.m. ET Share While its cash pile gets the attention, Apple’s debt is also rising quickly MarketWatch photo illustration/Getty Images, Shutterstock By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor With another Apple Inc. earnings report comes another round of breathless comparisons for Apple’s pile of cash. Apple has $237.6 billion in cash. It could buy all@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 and still have $85 billion left. $AAPL— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) October 25, 2016 Apple now has $237 BILLION in cash. A record. That's also equal to 5 Netflix's or 8 Tesla's or 19 Twitter's$AAPL: https://t.co/VWzilu3Mhl— StockTwits (@StockTwits) October 25, 2016 Suppose $AAPL wants to expand into autos, restaurants or electronic payments. It's USD 237 billion cash pile could buy up whole industries. pic.twitter.com/xUGjuobQN4— jeroen blokland (@jsblokland) October 26, 2016 Apple’s AAPL, -2.51%  cash reserves did hit a record $237.6 billion at the end of its 2016 fiscal year. However, that ignores Apple’s growing debt load, which stands at $75.4 billion, almost a third of its cash reserves. In fact, in Apple’s fiscal fourth quarter, the company raised more debt than the cash it added to reserves: Apple’s cash pile increased by about $6.1 billion, while further bond sales added $6.5 billion to its debt total. Apple’s cash pile has grown at a fast clip because Apple has funneled the bulk of it into long-term securities while raising debt at relatively low interest rates to finance its massive shareholder return program. That practice is preferred because most of Apple’s cash—91% as of the end of its 2016 fiscal year—is overseas, making it subject to repatriation taxes if the company tries to bring it back to the United States, which Chief Executive Tim Cook has said it will not pay. See also: How Apple could bring overseas cash home to help fix America’s crumbling infrastructure Apple’s approach is the most profitable way to deal with the current U.S. tax structure, but the continued rise in its cash reserves—and the unabashed gawking that total elicits—is simply a byproduct of that approach. The better way to look at Apple’s cash reserves is through net cash, or cash minus debt. Read also: Will any presidential candidate give Silicon Valley what it wants most? Apple’s net cash position at the end of its 2016 fiscal year would be $162.1 billion, up from $121.2 billion at the end of the 2012 fiscal year. That total, and the $41 billion gain over four years, is nothing to sneeze at, but it looks tiny compared with the $116.4 billion gain that a quick look at its cash reserves would indicate. Read also: Apple forecast disappoints, but shares are still a bargain, analysts say Apple is in an enviable position from a cash perspective, to be sure, but its approach to cash and debt makes that cash pile look much larger than it actually is. So next time you see someone comparing Apple’s cash to the GDP of small countries or other companies’ market caps, respond by comparing its debt load similarly—after all, Apple’s $75.4 billion in debt is more than double the market cap of Tesla Motors Inc. TSLA, -3.77%   Meanwhile, Apple’s bonds are not exactly looking like a good investment. The most active bonds, the 3.850% notes due August 2046, were trading at 98 cents on the dollar, according to MarketAxess. By comparison, IBM Corp.’s IBM, -1.90%  4.700 % notes due February 2046 were last quoted at 113 cents on the dollar, according to MarketAxess. General Electric Corp.’s GE, -0.65% 4.500% notes due March 2044 were trading at 114 cents on the dollar, MarketAxess data showed.  Additional reporting by Ciara Linnane More from MarketWatch What Trump's Win Means for the Fed and Yellen Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Donald Trump Upsets Hillary Clinton to Win Presidency Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Volume 50.2M Open $107.71 High $107.81 Low $104.08 P/E Ratio 12.78 Div Yield 2.16 Market Cap 578.2B Tesla Motors Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $181.45 -7.11 (-3.77%) Volume 6.5M Open $188.00 High $188.25 Low $178.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 28.2B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $158.21 -3.06 (-1.90%) Volume 4.8M Open $161.25 High $161.86 Low $157.58 P/E Ratio 12.89 Div Yield 3.54 Market Cap 153.3B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $30.51 -0.20 (-0.65%) Volume 35.3M Open $30.74 High $30.85 Low $30.49 P/E Ratio 23.74 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 271.7B LatestNews
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Don’t believe the hype: Apple added more debt than cash By Jeremy C. Owens Published: Oct 26, 2016 1:53 p.m. ET Share While its cash pile gets the attention, Apple’s debt is also rising quickly MarketWatch photo illustration/Getty Images, Shutterstock By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor With another Apple Inc. earnings report comes another round of breathless comparisons for Apple’s pile of cash. Apple has $237.6 billion in cash. It could buy all@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 and still have $85 billion left. $AAPL— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) October 25, 2016 Apple now has $237 BILLION in cash. A record. That's also equal to 5 Netflix's or 8 Tesla's or 19 Twitter's$AAPL: https://t.co/VWzilu3Mhl— StockTwits (@StockTwits) October 25, 2016 Suppose $AAPL wants to expand into autos, restaurants or electronic payments. It's USD 237 billion cash pile could buy up whole industries. pic.twitter.com/xUGjuobQN4— jeroen blokland (@jsblokland) October 26, 2016 Apple’s AAPL, -2.51%  cash reserves did hit a record $237.6 billion at the end of its 2016 fiscal year. However, that ignores Apple’s growing debt load, which stands at $75.4 billion, almost a third of its cash reserves. In fact, in Apple’s fiscal fourth quarter, the company raised more debt than the cash it added to reserves: Apple’s cash pile increased by about $6.1 billion, while further bond sales added $6.5 billion to its debt total. Apple’s cash pile has grown at a fast clip because Apple has funneled the bulk of it into long-term securities while raising debt at relatively low interest rates to finance its massive shareholder return program. That practice is preferred because most of Apple’s cash—91% as of the end of its 2016 fiscal year—is overseas, making it subject to repatriation taxes if the company tries to bring it back to the United States, which Chief Executive Tim Cook has said it will not pay. See also: How Apple could bring overseas cash home to help fix America’s crumbling infrastructure Apple’s approach is the most profitable way to deal with the current U.S. tax structure, but the continued rise in its cash reserves—and the unabashed gawking that total elicits—is simply a byproduct of that approach. The better way to look at Apple’s cash reserves is through net cash, or cash minus debt. Read also: Will any presidential candidate give Silicon Valley what it wants most? Apple’s net cash position at the end of its 2016 fiscal year would be $162.1 billion, up from $121.2 billion at the end of the 2012 fiscal year. That total, and the $41 billion gain over four years, is nothing to sneeze at, but it looks tiny compared with the $116.4 billion gain that a quick look at its cash reserves would indicate. Read also: Apple forecast disappoints, but shares are still a bargain, analysts say Apple is in an enviable position from a cash perspective, to be sure, but its approach to cash and debt makes that cash pile look much larger than it actually is. So next time you see someone comparing Apple’s cash to the GDP of small countries or other companies’ market caps, respond by comparing its debt load similarly—after all, Apple’s $75.4 billion in debt is more than double the market cap of Tesla Motors Inc. TSLA, -3.77%   Meanwhile, Apple’s bonds are not exactly looking like a good investment. The most active bonds, the 3.850% notes due August 2046, were trading at 98 cents on the dollar, according to MarketAxess. By comparison, IBM Corp.’s IBM, -1.90%  4.700 % notes due February 2046 were last quoted at 113 cents on the dollar, according to MarketAxess. General Electric Corp.’s GE, -0.65% 4.500% notes due March 2044 were trading at 114 cents on the dollar, MarketAxess data showed.  Additional reporting by Ciara Linnane More from MarketWatch Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Hillary Clinton Addresses Women and Girls in Concession Speech Should Parents Engage Their Young Teen in Arguments? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $105.71 -2.72 (-2.51%) Volume 50.2M Open $107.71 High $107.81 Low $104.08 P/E Ratio 12.78 Div Yield 2.16 Market Cap 578.2B Tesla Motors Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $181.45 -7.11 (-3.77%) Volume 6.5M Open $188.00 High $188.25 Low $178.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 28.2B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $158.21 -3.06 (-1.90%) Volume 4.8M Open $161.25 High $161.86 Low $157.58 P/E Ratio 12.89 Div Yield 3.54 Market Cap 153.3B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $30.51 -0.20 (-0.65%) Volume 35.3M Open $30.74 High $30.85 Low $30.49 P/E Ratio 23.74 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 271.7B LatestNews
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac News Mac sales slide 14% as slump enters fourth straight quarter Apple reports selling 4.9 million Macs, below forecasts by IDC, Gartner and Wall Street experts More like this Apple's Mac event: More than just new models Mac shipments slump for third straight quarter Apple to refresh MacBook Pro, cull 11-in. Air this month on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Credit: REUTERS/Robert Galbraith Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Gregg Keizer Follow Computerworld | Oct 26, 2016 10:09 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac MacOS Apple Comments Apple on Tuesday said it sold 4.9 million Macs in the September quarter, a 14% year-over-year decline that extended the sales slump to four consecutive quarters. The total was under most estimates made before Apple unloaded its numbers on Wall Street after the close of the market. Last week, research firms IDC and Gartner had pegged global Mac shipments at 5 and 4.95 million, respectively. This week, 28 financial analysts delivered forecasts that ranged from 4.65 million to 5.8 million; their average bet was a too-high 5.1 million. Apple executives had little to say about the Mac's contraction. CFO Luca Maestri contended that the quarter was a "difficult year-over-year compare," referring to the record-setting 5.7 million Macs sold in the same period in 2015, but CEO Tim Cook mentioned the personal computer line only in passing. Maestri also teased the previously-announced event Thursday that Apple will host at its California headquarters. "We'll have some exciting news to share with current and future Mac owners very soon," Maestri said. The September quarter recorded the fourth straight Mac sales decline, equalling the stretch from late 2012 through most of 2013, when the Mac posted year-over-year reductions. Even so, the Mac of 2016 is in a stronger position than the line was in the 2013: Sales over the past four quarters reached 18.5 million. During the earlier slump, Apple sold 16.3 million personal computers. Macs accounted for 11.1% of Apple's total revenue of $47.2 billion, but the computer group remained at No. 3 on the company's list, behind -- by a huge margin -- the iPhone (accounting for 60% of all revenue) and the Services category, which contributed 12.9% of all incoming dollars. The Mac has been subservient to Services for three quarters running. The ASP (average selling price) of the Mac line fell to $1,175, the lowest since Computerworld began recording the number in 2008. The ASP decline signaled that buyers steered toward the less expensive Macs. Wall Street analysts on the conference call with Cook and Maestri took little interest in the Mac, declining to ask any questions about the venerable line. Most analysts and pundits have laid blame for the latest Mac slump -- which has outpaced the decline in the PC industry as a whole, turning what had been an Apple bragging point into something unspoken by executives -- on the aging models, many of which have not been updated for a year or longer. That's true, as far as it goes, said Stephen Baker of the NPD Group. Baker, an analyst who specializes in technology retail sales, agreed that the lack of a Mac refresh has been a drag on sales. "To customers who are coming in at these price points, the Mac looks old and has older features and specs than those in other product lines," Baker said, referring to competitors that sell Windows-based premium PCs. Those rivals, which include Microsoft itself, have learned from Apple. "In the last 6, 9, 12 months, Windows guys have picked up their game considerably," Baker said. But old wasn't the only explanation for the Mac's problems. "It's clearly not the whole reason," said Baker, who then went on to argue that Apple's own shift in emphasis toward the iPad Pro has had an impact. "You can't dismiss the idea that some people are moving from Macs to iPad Pros. It's one of the unrecognized issues in the challenge to sell Macs." Apple will live-stream its Thursday event -- where most expect to see revamped MacBook Pro and MacBook notebooks -- starting at 10 a.m. PT (1 p.m. ET) from its website. Data: Apple Mac sales declined 14% in the September quarter (Q3 16), marking the fourth straight downturn.  RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac MacOS Apple Gregg Keizer — Senior Writer Senior Writer Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN White Paper Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... China hints at retaliation against Apple if trade war goes hot China yesterday signaled that any move to slap steep tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. would lead... The top 12 overused IT terms A lot of what we talk about in IT confuses the heck out of our business-side colleagues. Disputing Citi’s dispute change Citi has taken a step in the right direction by allowing cardholders to dispute charges from within its... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Advertisement This ad will close in  seconds. Skip now Welcome, Advertisement HOME News Channels 5G/Massive MIMO Aerospace & Defense Broadband Cellular/4G/LTE EMC/EMI Industrial/Scientific/Medical IoT/M2M/V2V RFID/GPS/Location RFIC Software/EDA Test & Measurement eLearning Webinars 5G mmWave Training Couse White Papers Design Tools History of Wireless Communications Acronyms List Community Blogs Classifieds Section MWJ Facebook Page Polls RF & Microwave LinkedIn Group Twitter Events Webinars Trade Shows Training-User Meetings EDI CON China EDI CON USA EDI CON USA Online Show Daily IMS MTT-S European Microwave Week EuMW Online Show Daily Buyers Guide Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Magazine Current Issue Archives Subscribe Subscription Renewal Renew Profile Logout Sign-In / Subscribe FREE Subscription MWJ China View Cart Advertisement Entire Site Buyer's Guide Find Advanced Search Recent Searchesjobs / impact factor / wideband receiver / automotive radar / albion microwave Advertisement In Print Digital Edition Online Edition Featured Metamaterial Advances for Radar and Communications Featured Characterization and Modeling of High Q Dielectric Resonators Featured Designing Next-Generation AESA Radar In Print Supplement 5G and IoT Supplement Fingertip Gesture Control Interface for "Invisible" Devices Testing 5G: Time to Throw Away the Cables NB-IoT and eMTC Make 4G Networks Ready for IoT The MWJ Buyer's Guide Click this featured vendor's logo for the latest RF/microwave products, catalogs, brochures and company news. Visit Buyer's Guide | Get Your Company Listed Popular Most Viewed Recent Comments 36,000 GaN-based High Power Amplifiers Ready for Space Fence Installation e2v Announces First K-Band Digital-to-Analog Converter MACOM Wins Preliminary Injunction Halting Infineon’s Use of GaN-on-Si for RF Analog Devices Makes MEMS Switch Technology a Commercial Reality Frequency Matters, October 31, 2016 Application of SAA radar technology to UAV s - Echodyne Announces First Successful Airborne Detect and Avoid Radar Test on a Small Drone Elite Demo Video - SiTime introduces high-precision MEMS oscillators cree Sic mosfets - Cree SiC MOSFETs revolutionize HEV/EV power converters - Power Amplifier Linearization Using an Indirect-learning-based Inverse TDNN Model common mode termination - Measuring Phase Noise with Baluns Advertisement Video Library   Visit Video Library November Poll Question What will be the first successful commercial application of AESAs? 5G communications Air traffic control radar Automotive radar Satellite communications Weather radar View Results Poll Archive Home » iPhone 7 Demand Exceeds Apple's Manufacturing Capacity Cellular 4G/LTE Channel / Industry News iPhone 7 Demand Exceeds Apple's Manufacturing Capacity Gary Lerude, Microwave Journal Technical Editor October 26, 2016 No Comments Email / Print / Reprints / | More / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Email Tweet Related Articles Qorvo Fiscal Q2 Revenue Up, Margin Down China Mobile reports record subscribers and data traffic Related Events PAM4 Demands Accurate S-Parameters Overview of FEKO Suite 7.0 Demand for the new iPhone 7, particularly the iPhone 7 Plus, is greater than Apple's manufacturing capacity, and Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, isn't sure they can catch up with demand this quarter. That was the main takeaway from Apple's fiscal Q4 earnings call on October 25, where the company also projected a return to year-over-year growth in the December quarter. Apple's Q4 revenue was $46.9 billion, up 11 percent from Q3 and down 9 percent from the year-ago quarter. The company guided Q1 revenue to be in the range of $76 billion to $78 billion, which would return the company to modest year-over-year growth. Sequentially, it would be a jump of 64 percent, reflecting the strong demand for the iPhone 7. Apple revenue trend. Q1 FY17 represents the midpoint of guidance. Apple shipped 45.5 million iPhones in Q4, a 13 percent sequential increase, down 5 percent from the prior year. iPhone average selling price (ASP) increased to $619 from $595 in Q3. Apple expects ASP to increase “markedly” in Q1, reflecting iPhone 7 sales. iPhone shipments. Apple reported a record $6.3 billion in revenue from services, reflecting 24 percent year-over-year growth. The company ended the quarter with $238 billion in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $6.1 billion during the quarter. 91 percent of Apple's cash is outside the U.S. Beyond Apple's inability to fully capitalize on the death of Samsung's Note 7, the other negative news was soft demand in China. Revenue in fiscal 2016 was down 17 percent compared with 2015, although Cook noted that 2015 revenue was 84 percent above 2014's. Looking at a two-year horizon, revenue from 2014 to 2016 grew at a 23 percent CAGR, which Cook called “a pretty good result.” The strong demand for the iPhone 7 should be reflected in the quarterly financial results to be reported by the major mobile phone RF front-end manufacturers: Broadcom, Qorvo and Skyworks. Recent Articles by Gary Lerude, Microwave Journal Technical Editor Skyworks Introduces CATV Portfolio Qorvo Fiscal Q2 Revenue Up, Margin Down MACOM Wins Preliminary Injunction Halting Infineon’s Use of GaN-on-Si for RF Post a comment to this article Name* E-mail (will not be displayed)* Subject Comment* 
 Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Advertisement Home About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit An Article Reprints Privacy Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.                 Sign-In Email Password Remember me Forgot your password? No Account? Sign Up! Get access to premium content and e-newsletters by registering on the web site.  You can also subscribe to Microwave Journal magazine. Sign-Up Advertisement
null
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map     November 15, 2016 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Weekender High Life Research BW University Infographics Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Technology Apple not sure’ it will meet high demand for iPhone 7 Plus Posted on October 27, 2016 APPLE, Inc said it was caught off guard by how many people want to buy its biggest smartphone, the iPhone 7 Plus, and the miscalculation may hit profits this holiday season.    RELATED STORIES Russia-linked hackers exploit flaw in Windows LG releases new phone Japan rocket with manga art takes off Instagram getting into shopping Opinion: "Shadows behind the Internet" The technology leader is not sure it can make as many units of the iPhone 7 Plus as consumers want in time for the Christmas shopping rush, Apple’s Chief Executive Tim Cook told analysts on Tuesday. It will manage to make enough of the smaller iPhone 7s, though, he said. Demand was strong “particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus versus our forecast going into the product launch,” Mr. Cook said. The bigger phones bring bigger profits, and Apple’s forecast for thinner-than-expected margins concerned investors after it reported quarterly earnings on Tuesday. Apple issued a conservative outlook on margins for the holiday quarter, 38% to 38.5%, versus expectations of nearly 39%, said Mariann Montagne, senior investment analyst and portfolio manager at Gradient Investments. It was not immediately clear if the smartphone shortage caused the miss. “You’re not able to get that product into the hands of the person who wants it right here, right now,” said IDC analyst John Jackson. “Those are dollars not in your hands.” The Cupertino, California-based company unveiled its newest iPhones on Sept. 7. The 5.5-inch (14 cm.) Plus model is the first iPhone to have a dual camera on the back that lets users take better portrait shots and zoom in from further away. “It’s inherently tough to know how things like new finishes and features are going to affect demand for a new model,” said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. Apple is still getting to know how consumer interest varies for larger and smaller phones, having launched two competing sizes only in 2014, he said. The company also may have underestimated the number of customers it would win from Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., which recently recalled its own large format phone, the Galaxy Note7, after a number of them caught fire. Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview it was “impossible to know” the effect of Samsung halting production of the Note7 earlier this month. “We cannot fulfill all the demand that is out there right now,” he added. Speeding up production would be difficult, analysts said. The company cannot contract new suppliers, hire more workers and open factories overnight, said Trip Chowdhry, managing director of Global Equities Research. “You can’t just shoot iPhones out of an assembly line at the speed of a bullet,” he said. “Apple does things to perfection. There is no need to rush and create an inferior product the way Samsung did.” -- Reuters E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Making cities smarter in the Philippines using location-based data on cloud computing GoPro announces recall of 2,500 Karma drones Review: "Sony Xperia XZ Great camera, excellent display" Homegrown social app helps users meet people with similar interests Russia-linked hackers exploit flaw in Windows LG releases new phone Japan rocket with manga art takes off Instagram getting into shopping Opinion: "Shadows behind the Internet" Video review: Vivo Y55    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. Competition, 4G investment to pressure telco margins -- Fitch 2. Moody’s flags added credit risk 3. PLDT lowers its full-year profit guidance for horrible’ 2016 4. PSEi wipes out 2016’s gains as selling continues 5. SEC issues listing, trading rules for dollar-priced securities 1. Economic and Corporate Events Calendar 2. Thunder’s Westbrook 3. Three local firms vie for Chevron energy assets 4. DENR cites Masbate mine as model for rehab, community development 5. 8990 eyes securitization of P3 billion in receivables © 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Report: Personal TV show ‘Watch List’ for Apple TV coming in tomorrow’s ‘hello again’ event Report: Personal TV show ‘Watch List’ for Apple TV coming in tomorrow’s ‘hello again’ event October 26, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment While most believe that tomorrow’s ‘hello again’ event from Apple will be focused on the Mac, USA Today is reporting that the company will be launching a new app for the Apple TV. The new app will give users personalized TV show recommendations and will suggest TV shows based on their existing viewing habits or content subscriptions. The report says that the app expands the discovery options found on the Apple TV, allowing users to find shows that peak their interests. Specifically, USA Today refers to it as a ‘Watch List’ but notes that it will more than likely be called something different as it gets unveiled to the public. The new feature may coincide with the Single-Sign On feature that was originally announced for tvOS 10 but has yet to ship. Single-Sign On simplifies the login experience for Apple TV apps by removing the need to type the same TV login credentials for all your apps, instead opting to type it in once and all other apps will be able to use it without asking for the password a second time. Unfortunately, the feature was missing in tvOS 10 and Single-Sign On is currently listed as ‘coming this fall’ on Apple’s website. Tags: Apple TV, tvOS About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Pay transaction up 500% as Jennifer Bailey is set to speak at Code Conference in December iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
