Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt SF2-4-1 Tickets For Disrupt SF Released Tomorrow Sign Up To Learn More Apple Apple started a $1 billion fund to create advanced manufacturing jobs in the US Apple ups dividend by 10.5% and increases capital return program to $300B Apple’s services business grows 18% as iPhone sales stall Browse more... Tim Cook Apple started a $1 billion fund to create advanced manufacturing jobs in the US Apple hits a speed bump in Q2 after its stock soared in the past year Uber responds to report that it tracked devices after its app was deleted Browse more... manufacturing Apple started a $1 billion fund to create advanced manufacturing jobs in the US Shareholders pressure Intel over PAC spending Greg Mark talks about the future of 3D printing Browse more... jobs creation Good Thing For Green Tech? GE Chief, Jeff Immelt, To Chair Obama's Council On Jobs Browse more... Apple releases new job creation numbers, says it’s already responsible for 2 million U.S. jobs Posted 1 hour ago by Catherine Shu (@catherineshu) 0 SHARES Next Story WhatsApp back after worldwide outage Apple updated its U.S. job creation web page today with figures from 2016. Though Apple refreshes the site every year, this latest update coincides with CEO Tim Cook’s announcement during a CNBC interview that the company has formed a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Though the fund may help the company gain favor with the current presidential administration, Apple has already been investing in U.S. hardware manufacturing for years (for example, its 2013 Mac Pros were built in Texas with U.S.-made components). In total, Apple says it has created a total of two million jobs in the U.S. so far. Last year it spent more than $50 billion with 9,000 U.S. suppliers and manufacturers and added about 90,000 supplier and manufacturer jobs, increasing the total number to 450,000 jobs from 361,000 in 2015. The number of people directly employed by Apple, including at its retail stores, grew from 76,000 to 80,000 in 2016. On the software side, Apple claims that 1,530,000 U.S. jobs can be attributed to the App Store ecosystem, up from 1,400,000 in 2015. Since the App Store was launched in 2008, U.S. developers have earned $16 billion from sales, with 39 percent of that amount generated from abroad. Apple also said that all of its main products (the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV) contain materials from the U.S. or are made with equipment from U.S. suppliers). It has reportedly asked its main manufacturing partners, including Foxconn, to open more factories in the U.S. During the CNBC interview, Cook told Jim Cramer that the company will hire “thousands of employees” and is “not satisfied with just two million.” “By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond,” Cook said. “Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around–those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them, because you have a service industry that builds up around them.” Featured Image: bennymarty/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Tim Cook Bio Timothy Cook is Apple's CEO. He took over from Steve Jobs on 25 August 2011. In his previous position as COO, Cook was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations, including end-to-end management of Apple's supply chain, sales activities, and service and support in all markets and countries. He also headed Apple's Macintosh division and played a key role in the continued … Full profile for Tim Cook Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Facebook Hires 3,000 People After Getting Disturbed | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Tim Cook manufacturing jobs creation Apple Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook Hires 3,000 People After Getting Disturbed | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:06 | Crunch Report Intel’s new Silicon Valley Autonomous Driving Garage is primed for partnerships 5 hours ago | Darrell Etherington FBI director Comey backs new Feinstein push for decrypt bill 10 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Facebook beats in Q1 with $8.03B revenue, faster growth to 1.94B users 10 hours ago | Josh Constine PSA: This Google Doc scam is spreading fast and will email everyone you know 11 hours ago | Greg Kumparak Latest From TechCrunch Indonesia’s Uber rival Go-Jek raises $1.2 billion led by Tencent at a $3 billion valuation 58 minutes ago | Jon Russell WhatsApp back after worldwide outage 3 hours ago | Catherine Shu Crunch Report | Facebook Hires 3,000 People After Getting Disturbed 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Intel’s new Silicon Valley Autonomous Driving Garage is primed for partnerships 5 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next WhatsApp back after worldwide outage Posted 3 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Sr. Product Manager at Bina Technologies Inc. (Belmont, CA, United States) Data Scientist at PowerInbox (United States) Director, Software Development at audible.com (Newark, NJ, United States) Software Development Engineer III - Web at audible.com (Newark, NJ, United States) Lead Front-End Engineer #Code2Cure at Bina Technologies (Roche Sequencing) (Belmont, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Next Insurance raises $29 million to create customized policies for small businesses 57 seconds ago by Catherine Shu Indonesia’s Uber rival Go-Jek raises $1.2 billion led by Tencent at a $3 billion valuation 58 minutes ago by Jon Russell Apple releases new job creation numbers, says it’s already responsible for 2 million U.S. jobs 1 hour ago by Catherine Shu WhatsApp back after worldwide outage 3 hours ago by Catherine Shu Crunch Report | Facebook Hires 3,000 People After Getting Disturbed 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Intel’s new Silicon Valley Autonomous Driving Garage is primed for partnerships 5 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Elon Musk reveals more details about the Model Y crossover 5 hours ago by Matt Burns Car2go puts safety in the hands of humans 7 hours ago by Kristen Hall-Geisler Apple started a $1 billion fund to create advanced manufacturing jobs in the US 7 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Here’s Google’s official statement on today’s fast-spreading phishing attack 7 hours ago by Greg Kumparak
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 04 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 04 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 bn Share Tweet Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 bn First invest­ment to be announ­ced later this month By AFP Published: May 4, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event. PHOTO: REUTERS SAN FRANCISCO: Apple chief Tim Cook on Wednesday announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do “advanced manufacturing,” kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. “We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund,” Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. “We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund.” Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the US last year — buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company’s devices and more. Apple reports surprise drop in iPhone sales Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more “in the future,” according to Cook. “A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values,” Cook said. “One of the thing you should do is give back.” Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. “To invest in the US, we have to borrow,” Cook said. “Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy.” Appeals court overturns $533 mn verdict against Apple The first investment of the new fund will  be announced later this month, according to Apple. Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. “Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things,” Cook said “You look to find common ground; if you don’t show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn’t do your cause any good.” Taiwan’s tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan’s SoftBank. Foxconn is the world’s largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple unveils updated iPad at lowest-ever price Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.” Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings — the vast majority held overseas — jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code — it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 per cent when repatriated. Read more: Apple , Tech , Tim Cook Recommended Stories Is Apple working on some sort of vaporiser? Apple submitted an application with the US Patent and Trademark Office detailing a peculiar vaporizer technology Apple CEO calls for more global trade with China Tim Cook expressed support for globalisation Apple eyes backing Hon Hai bid for Toshiba chip unit: report Apple hopes to secure stable supplies of the key parts by supporting Hon Hai's bid Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Fawad, Sadaf Khan drop jaws in latest photoshoot 2 People just can't stop cracking jokes about Priyanka Chopra's Met Gala trench coat 3 This code word could save you from being robbed in Karachi 4 Newlywed model found dead at Karachi hotel 5 Yasir Hussain and the career-ending blunder 6 Dawn Leaks notification: Govt ‘kills many birds with one stone’ 7 This 'Zaalima', 'Afreen Afreen' mashup is the best thing you will listen to today! 8 International journalists slam Maryam Nawaz for calling Panama Papers ‘crap’ 9 WhatsApp is down worldwide and everyone is freaking out 10 Atlas Honda launches new motorcycle for Rs160,000 Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyFacebook profit jumps as user base nears 2 billion © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Technology  |  Gadgets   Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 bn By AFP   |   04 May 2017   |   4:20 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more “in the future,” according to Cook. Apple Inc. PHOTO/ Bloomberg.com Apple chief Tim Cook on Wednesday announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do “advanced manufacturing,” kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. “We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund,” Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. “We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund.” Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the US last year — buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company’s devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more “in the future,” according to Cook. “A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values,” Cook said. “One of the thing you should do is give back.” Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. “To invest in the US, we have to borrow,” Cook said. “Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy.” The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. – Showing up – Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. “Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things,” Cook said “You look to find common ground; if you don’t show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn’t do your cause any good.” Taiwan’s tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan’s SoftBank. Foxconn is the world’s largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.” Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings — the vast majority held overseas — jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code — it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AppleDonald TrumpTim Cook You may also like Facebook adding 3,000 people to screen out violent content 2 hours ago  Technology Tesla revenues surge as it ramps for Model 3 launch 3 hours ago  Technology How banks drive state IGR through technology 1 day ago  Technology Firm partners Lagos State on digital library 1 day ago  Technology New mobile app redefines digital lifestyle 1 day ago  Technology MTN explains sack of 280 workers 1 day ago  Telecoms More   Latest Ten Nigerian medicinal plants proposed by NMC for standardisation 2 hours ago  Health Scientists step closer to designer babies 2 hours ago  Science Pastor writes minister, alleges inhumane treatment in South African prison 2 hours ago  News Reps adjourn abruptly to discuss 2017 budget 2 hours ago  Politics 300 Nigerians benefit from UNTH heart surgery programme 2 hours ago  News More   Communication Lagos State Government unrelenting, again pushes for Computer Village’s relocation 28 Apr   Mainone opens new chapter in data center project 28 Apr   Arogundade, Sidmach MD bags ‘Man of The Year’ Award 28 Apr   AfriOne boosts ‘Made in Nigeria’ mantra, unveils phone manufacturing plant 28 Apr   NCC, FIRS get joint revenue quality assurance committee for telecoms 28 Apr   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Consumer Electronics Macworld Podcast By Susie Ochs and Glenn Fleishman, Macworld | May 3, 2017 10:13 PM PT News Podcast 557: Pondering the Siri Speaker rumors and watchOS 4 Looking ahead to WWDC, a focus on improving Siri could benefit all of Apple’s platforms—and help break down the barriers between them. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Podcast 544: Unpacking Apple’s position on immigration Podcast 556: Uber my dead body Podcast 541: The iPhone turns 10 Video What happens to companies that depend on the iPhone? As we get closer to WWDC, it’s fun to imagine what Apple might unveil, how close the rumors will be to reality, and how indignant we can get when it isn’t exactly what we’d wanted. This week we wonder about the Siri speaker, as well as the next version of watchOS. The key to both is better Siri performance than Apple’s ever managed to pull off so far, but we’re excited about the possibilities. Elsewhere, everybody loves AirPods, malware’s gotta mal, and Kara Swisher absolutely demolishes Travis “Boober” Kalanick. Enjoy. Show notes Uber’s Travis Kalanick has canceled his Code Conference interview, by Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg for Recode Uber’s not alone in tracking users when apps are deleted, by Glenn Fleishman Apple’s AirPods: a Hit With 98% Customer Satisfaction, by Ben Bajarin for Tech.pinions 6 key takeaways from Apple’s Q2 2017 earnings call, by Jason Snell Google Maps and Amazon discontinue Apple Watch apps, but that’s not a bad thing, by Caitlin McGarry WWDC wish list: What we’d like to see from watchOS 4, by Susie Ochs Apple could finally launch a Siri speaker at WWDC, by Caitlin McGarry "Apple could finally launch a Siri speaker at WWDC" the source is good and a little birdie told me the same thinghttps://t.co/Ne55ZN42a6&mdash; Michael Gartenberg (@Gartenberg) May 1, 2017 It’s time for Apple to make a Siri Speaker—next year, by Dan Moren What if the AirPort Extreme becomes the Siri Speaker?, by Dan Moren [ Further reading: The best Ultra-HD Blu-ray players ] Talk to us! Tweet Glenn at @glennf, Susie at @sfsooz, or email podcast@macworld.com. Subscribe You can subscribe to the Macworld Podcast—or leave us a review!—right here in iTunes. Or you can point your favorite podcast-savvy RSS reader at: http://feeds.soundcloud.com/users/58576458-macworld/tracks To find previous episodes, visit Macworld’s podcast page or our home on Soundcloud. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Consumer Electronics Speakers Wearables WWDC Siri Apple Watch WatchOS You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | You may have to wait until early 2018 for the iPhone 8 You may have to wait until early 2018 for the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 is again in the rumor mill By: Chandrika Jana Published: Thursday, May 4, 2017, 10:45 [IST] Unless you are a huge Apple fan, by now you must have been tired with the endless number of rumors concerning the iPhone 8. Nonetheless, we will keep seeing more rumors and leaks about the 10th-anniversary model. Recently, a report suggested that the iPhone 8 launch may get pushed off to October or November due to some production related issues. Now, according to a new note from analysts at Deutsche Bank, the iPhone 8 may not even get launched in 2017. The note, which was found by Business Insider, says "key component shortages and technical challenges could delay the release of a high-end iPhone 8 device this fall." Also Read: Apple to directly sell locally assembled iPhone SE via its online store In addition to this, the research note also extracts quotes from a recently released report by Value Walk, which stated "Apple won't be releasing the iPhone 8 this year, based on an apparent lack of orders for packaging materials. The iPhone 7s, an incremental improvement on the iPhone 7 launched in 2016, will arrive on schedule in Autumn 2017." While previously many reports had hinted that the iPhone 8 launch would get delayed, we didn't think we would have to wait until early 2018 to get our hands on the device. However, Apple may unveil the phone in September itself but probably it won't go on sale until 2018. Last week, another report stated that Apple's component suppliers are finding it difficult to fit a range of parts including the OLED panels of Samsung and wireless charging unit, in the desired production schedule. The wireless charging board is still getting too much overheated. Moreover, they are failing to produce the tiny stacked motherboard as per the required quality and quantity. Source WHAT OTHERS ARE READING Read: Sony Xperia XZ Premium spotted on Geekbench; Results in promising performance Read: 10 things that can be done using Gboard for Android Apple iPhone 8 81,600 Specs Competitors Images +8 Read More About iphone 8 | apple | news | smartphones Other articles published on May 4, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... How one can lose weight by spending few bucks on Apple Watch? New ZTE phone with rear dual-camera setup spotted on TENAA Smartron to launch Sachin Tendulkar-branded srt.phone in India today Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Get iPhone 7 clone UMIDIGI G for just $80 Xiaomi introduces recycling of old electronics in India WhatsApp functioning normally again after few hours of outage Oppo F3 with dual selfie camera to launch today in India Smartron srt.phone first impression Alcatel Idol 5 hits GeekBench again; key specs revealed You may have to wait until early 2018 for the iPhone 8 Sony Xperia XZ Premium spotted on Geekbench 10 things that can be done using Gboard for Android Google Docs user faced phishing attack; Issue got resolved now Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Qualcomm reportedly seeks iPhone import ban in the U.S. The ongoing battle between Apple and Qualcomm is escalating further and may affect U.S consumers next. According to a latest report from Bloomberg, Qualcomm is reportedly seeking to ban the import of iPhones into the United States. “Qualcomm is preparing to ask the International Trade Commission to stop the iPhone, which is built in Asia, from entering the country”, said the report. Apple had sued Qualcomm in January this year saying that Qualcomm has been charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. Qualcomm responded to Apple suit over patent licensing and filed countersuit including charge of limiting performance of Qualcomm modem chips in iPhone 7. The ongoing dispute took a next step last week when Apple stopped paying iPhone royalties to Qualcomm. The United States International Trade Commission could potentially put a stop to iPhone shipments to the United States should the ITC side with Qualcomm. This could jeopardize the U.S. launch of the highly anticipated Apple iPhone 8. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 4, 2017May 4, 2017Categories iPhone, Qualcomm, USA Post navigation Previous Previous post: Google confirms Google Docs phishing attack; releases anti-phishing update for Gmail Next Next post: Facebook reports $8.03 billion in revenue, hits 1.94 billion MAUs in Q1 2017 Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Facebook reports $8.03 billion in revenue, hits 1.94 billion MAUs in Q1 2017 Qualcomm reportedly seeks iPhone import ban in the U.S. Google confirms Google Docs phishing attack; releases anti-phishing update for Gmail Rovio launches Battle Bay real-time online multiplayer game for Android and iOS globally WhatsApp back online after worldwide outage of about 2 hours Nubia Z11 miniS Giveaway Winner Announcement Xiaomi to launch its first Mi Home store in India in Bengaluru Smartron srt.phone launched, Huawei Nova 2 gets certified and more – FoneArena Daily Smartron srt.phone First Impressions Logitech Slim Folio keyboard case for 9.7-inch iPad with up to 4 years of battery life announced CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 1.2M 4.6K Menu Trending Donald Trump Congress Immigration Crisis Free Speech MSM Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Hidden growth opportunity with Apple? Posted on May 4, 2017May 3, 2017 by GS Early Views: 6 0 Shares A friend of mine is a software engineer by training but has been a serial entrepreneur for decades. I met him when he built a financial publishing company. It was an interesting business. While most publishing firms are built off individual gurus, he went the opposite way. He built algorithms for options trading services. Not only did he build out a robust platform for individual investors, but he also packaged it as a research tool for the trading desks at firms like Standard & Poor’s and Fidelity. Needless to say, it was a good business. At one point we ended up living in the same town and would talk, watch football or meet with potential start-ups in the local community. One thing he would always tell the start-up hopefuls was, “If you want to build an app or software package, check what Apple wants and build something they would buy.” One of his first businesses was software — before the internet was around. And his first big score was building software that Apple and its clients were interested in. From that point on, Apple was the Holy Grail for tech-related businesses. My friend is a very sharp guy and I completely get his view on Apple. Iterator or innovator? But I wonder whether Apple has stopped being the “it” company that it was 10 years ago. Now it seems like a typical huge tech firm that makes iterative rather than innovative products. Gone are the days of the iPod and iPhone being new. It’s now more a cult of personality. Sure, I get it. Tech for designers and design pros that’s easy enough for semi-computer literate people to use and pretend they’re “creators.” It has certainly worked, up to now. There’s no doubt that, right now, Apple is too big to fail. The same banks that built themselves up have done the same to Apple. Among Wall Street firms, banks, hedge funds and members of Congress, Apple is a top five holding. These are people with a vested interest not to see it fail. And that can be a good thing. Too big to fail For example, its recent earnings report shows earnings up and sales a bit slower than expected. For most companies, when their sales drop on their key product, the market buries them. Not Apple. The stock sold off slightly and is now back on its way up. The reason? Most analysts are saying the lack of sales is a good thing because Apple is coming out with its 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 in the fall. People are waiting until then to buy new phones, so sales are slack now. There’s also a lot of expectation for a huge Q4 because of this new launch. We have always believed Apple to be one of the top tech innovators out there. The challenge has now been laid out for Apple. Putting it all on the line A big launch for the iPhone 8 will put Apple back in the driver’s seat and buy it some more time to figure out what sector it wants to disrupt next. And, while Tim Cook is no Steve Jobs, he continues to deliver for customers and shareholders. But the stakes are high. The most recent concerning story from the Apple empire is the fact that it has stopped paying one of its main vendors, Qualcomm. Qualcomm makes the chipsets that are in virtually every mobile phone in world today. You don’t buy the chipsets, Qualcomm sells them to you with a licensing fee on top so that when they’re used Qualcomm gets a cut. You see, Qualcomm also sits on scores of patents related to mobile telecom and you have to license that technology to make your phones work. Its patent portfolio brings in about a third of Qualcomm’s revenue according to TechCrunch. While Apple is the first company to fight back, the Chinese and South Korean governments have gone after Qualcomm’s licensing structure previously. Qualcomm settled with them. The difference here is Apple is company, not a country, where Qualcomm wants to keep its business. This is different ballgame entirely. What’s more, Apple is continually using similar tactics with its smaller, more vulnerable partners, cutting production or walking away completely with little notice, leaving the companies shattered. Apple advocates say it’s simply the cost of business, and if you want to win, you have to use your elbows. Sharp products vs. sharp elbows But being tough with your vendors isn’t what is going to keep Apple on the top of the hipster heap. It’s cool devices. Apple needs a new “thing” to keep its empire healthy. Apple TV is nowhere to be seen. A driverless car is years away. The iWatch was a diversion. The answer might be Apple Services which includes iTunes and Apple Music, the App Store, iCloud, Apple Pay and so on. This business generated $7 billion dollars just last quarter. Most Fortune 500 companies aren’t as big as just Apple’s services business. $28 billion a year in revenue puts it almost in the Fortune 100, ahead of entire companies like John Deere, DuPont, Philip Morris, McDonald’s, Raytheon and Halliburton. How much Apple continues to grow its services business depends on device sales, which for the iPhone 8 might be blockbuster. The question is whether Apple is a mature tech firm that will throw off 14 percent a year (which it has averaged over the past five years) or if it is still an innovator and best-in-class consumer tech firm. If it’s the former, it’s going to have more rather than less competition in coming quarters. If it’s the latter, it’s time to show us the goods. There’s no reason to throw in the towel. Apple will remain a dominant consumer tech firm for decades to come. But Q4 is going to be a point of inflection. — GS Early This entry was posted in Featured. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← A night of terror in America’s heartland GS Early is editor of Liberty Investor Digest™ and managing director of Fresh Eyes Media, a media management and consulting firm that develops custom content and marketing solutions for financial businesses and publishers. Gregg has been a leader in the financial publishing business for two decades and has worked on content strategies with every major publisher in the industry, as well as organizations like CNBC, Morgan Keegan, Folio Investing and Moneyshow. He is an award-winning writer and editor and has built many of the top publications available to investors today. His specialties are emerging technologies (biotech, nanotech, robotics), defense and cybersecurity. He is a graduate of James Madison University. Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Do open borders lead to more gang violence? Do you believe President Trump has failed to deliver on immigration? Are you concerned about nuclear war? Has President Trump become a disappointment? Should government regulate social media? Do you believe journalists are... Do believe Russia really has the ability to brainwash masses of Americans with "fake news"? Do you believe the U.S. military-industrial complex wants a nuclear war? Do you have a preparedness plan in place to survive an attack on the U.S.? How important is it to you that President Trump delivers on the border wall? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ A night of terror in America’s heartland Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ GS Early: Hidden growth opportunity with Apple? John Myers: The Liberal Inquisition’s attack on free speech Brandon Smith: The real reasons why Trump has flipped on his campaign promises Bob Livingston: The resurgence of police power Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates How the omnibus became a Democratic wish list Chaffetz is out… but why? Bill introduced to halt unconstitutional ‘humanitarian’ bombing War weasels get giddy over Syria claims Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Ever wonder why hawks push a psychotic military agenda? Surprise! Afghanistan is still a mess More war drums, and a big Russian threat From ‘I love WikiLeaks’ to Assange in CIA crosshairs Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Snowflakes and the flag For Tax Day – taxing quotations Bloated tax code: IRS chief says agency is running out of room on 1040 Sometimes saving money is rocket science Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet A blueprint for government internet censors Washington Chatter: Here’s what to watch out for this week… Study: Journalists have America’s lousiest jobs Trump comparisons to Ronald Reagan aren’t always a good thing Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Republicans facing re-election adjust to an unpredictable president Trump’s election has mobilized a resistance like no other, but will the Democratic tea party turn on its own? Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights Trump to NRA crowd: ‘Assault’ on 2nd Amendment is over Nanny Bloomberg vows millions for assault on the 2nd Amendment Gun sales way up, accidents down Constitutional concealed carry bills introduced Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents Today’s cartoon Constitutional attorney: Trump’s America is a Constitution-free zone Bob Livingston: SCOTUS legalizes theft by police Bob Livingston: Amish farmer facing life in prison over herbal product labels On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations Kevin Michalowski: Put a little light on the subject Thomas Miller: Fast-track your preparedness with a trailer Gaye Levy: How to prepare for an electromagnetic pulse aka EMP Frank Bates: Self-reliance tools for a crisis Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics Bob Livingston: The marketing of Chelsea Clinton An update on Hillary Clinton and her lawyers Fair weather friends say goodbye to Clinton Here she comes again Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues A government shutdown would be the best thing for liberty I have seen the future, and the future is a free market Americans are being primed for war If Trump gets his NAFTA review right, it could define his presidency Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets GS Early: This is why I have been so bullish on gold Are we nearing the next financial danger point? GS Early: Robots – What’s inside is valuable and important GS Early: 2 worrisome spreads signaling recession? Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Donald Trump Congress Immigration Crisis Free Speech MSM Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Thursday, May 4, 2017 15:07 (GMT+8) Taipei 28°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: revenues Wireless networking Mobile devices Telecom service, infrastructure Mobile components Mobile content, software Article Comments (0) Related content Print Email Apple revenues, earnings increase in fiscal 2Q17 Rodney Chan, DIGITIMES, Taipei [Thursday 4 May 2017] Apple has reported on-year increases in both revenues and earnings for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. Revnues for the quarter came to US$52.9 billion and earnings per diluted share reached US$2.10, compared to revenues of US$50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of US$1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65% of the quarter’s revenues, said Apple. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter." Apple expects its fiscal 2017 third quarter to generate revenues between US$43.5 billion and US$45.5 billion; gross margin between 37.5% and 38.5%; operating expenses between US$6.6 billion and US$6.7 billion; and other income/(expense) of US$450 million. Apple also announced that its board of directors has authorized an increase of US$50 billion to the company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters. Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of US$300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of US$12.5 billion and returned over US$10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another US$50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, Apple said its board of directors has increased its share repurchase authorization to US$210 billion from the US$175 billion level announced a year ago. The board has approved a 10.5% increase to the company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of US$0.63 per share of the company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over US$211 billion to shareholders, including US$151 billion in share repurchases. Tweet Categories: IT + CE Mobile + telecom Mobile devices PC, CE Portable Tags: 2Q17 Apple iPhone revenues Related stories Apple announces new 9.7-inch iPad (Mar 22) Apple moves ahead production of planned new 10.5-inch iPad to March, say Taiwan makers (Mar 14) Apple sees record revenues in 1Q fiscal 2017 (Feb 2) Realtime news Taiwan market: Android Pay service to be available in June, says paper Mobile + telecom - Newswatch | 7min ago Taiwan IC design houses receiving short lead-time orders Bits + chips | 11min ago Xintec reports 7th consecutive quarterly loss in 1Q17 Bits + chips | 53min ago China market: Huami launches new fitness bracelet Mobile + telecom | 57min ago BizLink completes acquisition of Lenoi electronics business group IT + CE | 1h 10min ago Advantech reports decreased earnings for 1Q17 IT + CE - Newswatch | 1h 11min ago Innolux executives charged with breach of trust Before Going to Press | May 3, 21:50 Tatung enjoys profits of NT$93 million for 1Q17 Before Going to Press | May 3, 21:37 Pause  |  View more Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,491 Reviews & Articles | 55,078 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Qualcomm could block iPhone shipments into the US Qualcomm will reportedly ask the US ITC to ban imports of Apple products By: Anthony Garreffa | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 2 hours, 40 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA If you haven't heard about the current Qualcomm vs. Apple licensing problems, Bloomberg is reporting that Qualcomm is going to change the game with their next move.     According to their sources, Qualcomm is going to ask the US International Trade Commission to block Apple from importing their iPhones in both Asia, and the US - months before Apple will launch its next-gen iPhone.   The two mega tech giants are fighting over Qualcomm patents that it holds, giving it power to charge Apple for their iPhones as they use IP that Qualcomm holds. Apple is legally bound to pay for Qualcomm's technology, as Apple itself has patents and charges for them - and to make it worse, Apple stopped paying Qualcomm their owed technology license payments.   I reached out to my friend Anshel Sag, Associate Analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, who had the following to say about the Qualcomm/Apple battle: "The Qualcomm and Apple spat continues to potentially hurt both companies. I'm not sure that the ITC will block iPhones from being imported, but I do believe that this may actually being the two closer on the negotiating table. Apple and Qualcomm are not unfamiliar with large lawsuits, and both companies know what it's like to both win and lose such lawsuits. It would be best for both companies to eventually reach an agreement instead of airing more of each other's dirt". NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com Recommended for You Samsung and LG working on a display with 4 curved... ZTE launches Blade MAX 3: Available in the US for $... Google Pixel 2 devices to feature Snapdragon 835 Samsung making next-gen 4K mobile displays with 800PPI... >> NEXT STORY: 'Terminator 2' 3D re-release trailer morphs into view << PREVIOUS STORY: Apple spends $1 billion on manufacturing jobs in the US Related Tags Qualcomm Apple ITC Apple iPhone iPhone iPhone ban Qualcomm Apple Bloomberg Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Google: Uber created fake company to steal its secrets Blizzard rewards gamer who found StarCraft source code EVGA teases its GTX 1080 Ti SC2 Hybrid graphics card 'Terminator 2' 3D re-release trailer morphs into view Qualcomm could block iPhone shipments into the USView More News Posts Forum Activity I need website design Velocity Micro Raptor Z55 Gaming PC Review BIOSTAR Z270GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Outlast II Review: Be careful little eyes what you see custom x99 2011-v3 gigabyte bios help maybe??View More Forum Posts Press Releases Micron unleashes the full power of NVMe storage, unlocking unused capacity and performance ADATA SD700 external SSD wins Computex d&i 2017 Award Micron appoints Sanjay Mehrotra as President and Chief Executive Officer Razer unveils the Razer Lancehead wireless gaming mouse Synology introduces FlashStation FS2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 04, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Apple iPhone 8 could come with MacBook Pro-like Touchbar called function area: Report Apple’s 10th-anniversary iPhone 8 or iPhone X, as per leaks and rumours, is now expected to come with a MacBook Pro-like Touchbar called function area. The function area will take the space where the lower bezels of earlier iPhones were placed. tech Updated: May 04, 2017 09:22 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times The next Apple iPhone could just borrow a page from Samsung’s playbook to exclude more of the bezel area as well as removing the physical home button from the phone.(iDrop) Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8, rumoured to be called iPhone X, is now expected to come with a MacBook Pro-like Touchbar called function area, reports claimed. According to reports from KGI Securities’ Ming Chi-Kuo and iDrop news, Apple is indeed reducing the bezels on the iPhone 8 just like Samsung Galaxy S8. Pictures released by iDrop shows that the home button with TouchID is also not present in the front. Instead, there is a MacBook Pro-like Touchbar called function area which will keep changing as apps usage. This means that if the iPhone 8 comes at a size of 5.8-inches (as speculated), then the usable display real estate will be around 5.15-inches thanks to the function area. (iDrop) This means that if the iPhone 8 comes at a size of 5.8-inches (as speculated), then the usable display real estate will be around 5.15-inches thanks to the function area. The function area is expected to offer features such as dynamic buttons, similar to that of the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro. (iDrop) The function area is expected to offer features such as dynamic buttons, similar to that of the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro. For instance, the function area could show media controls, accept/decline buttons for calls, sharing options in Safari, and much more. The renders released by iDrop also shows things such as editing tools in the Photos app being moved to the function area. The renders released by iDrop also shows things such as editing tools in the Photos app being moved to the function area. (iDrop ) Interestingly, the Touch ID may be placed in the function area. More than anything, these renders show how well the nearly bezel-less design lends itself to the implementation of a function area. Several reports have earlier tried to hint what the next iPhone 8 will look like. tags Apple Apple iPhone 8 iPhone 8 news MacBook Pro Touchbar more from tech Google Docs email spam attack: Here is what to do if you already clicked the link May 04, 2017 08:15 IST Google Docs scam: Users spammed with malicious emails May 04, 2017 08:07 IST Is Your Couch Making You Cough? Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Apple iPhone 8: New concept video shows improved features, vertical dual camera and more Apple’s response to Trump: iPhone-maker to create $1 billion US advanced manufacturing fund Read more Your next Apple Watch, iPhone or MacBook may come with diabetes testing sensor iPhone 8 mystery: Leaked images show contradictory designs, vertical dual camera India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Baahubali a shining example of Make in India, says Venkaiah Naidu May 04, 2017 09:19 IST Mumbai bizman fights for his Rs 3.5 lakh used as bait to nail corrupt taxman May 04, 2017 09:09 IST While you were away: Top stories to bring you up to date May 04, 2017 07:53 IST 1,000 saints volunteer help in Kashmir to boost morale, take on stone-pelters May 04, 2017 07:28 IST Cabinet okays ordinance on amending laws to tackle bad loans in banks May 04, 2017 00:46 IST AIADMK leader Sasikala seeks review of SC order holding her guilty in graft case May 03, 2017 23:56 IST Delhi Police raid residence of woman accused of honey-trapping BJP MP May 03, 2017 23:09 IST US Army photographer catches her own death in mortar explosion on film May 04, 2017 08:05 IST Somalia minister shot dead in car after being mistaken for militant: Police May 04, 2017 00:49 IST US: 2 dead in suspected murder-suicide at Texas college May 04, 2017 00:21 IST Donald Trump vows to broker Israeli-Palestinian peace, offers no new policies May 03, 2017 23:20 IST New Indian faces likely in Britain’s House of Commons May 03, 2017 22:54 IST ‘Love locks’ on the block in Paris charity auction May 03, 2017 21:37 IST Iraqi painter quietly documented life under Islamic State May 03, 2017 21:04 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Mumbai man ‘seeks revenge’, uploads obscene videos of woman on porn website May 04, 2017 09:23 IST Shifu Sunkriti leader Sunil Kulkarni forged signature of girl he lured into Mumbai... May 04, 2017 09:11 IST Mumbai bizman fights for his Rs 3.5 lakh used as bait to nail corrupt taxman May 04, 2017 09:09 IST Jharkhand deep into opium cultivation . May 04, 2017 08:56 IST Nitish steps in to take up Jharkhand tribals’ cause May 04, 2017 08:51 IST Allow us to cut 5,099 trees for Andheri-Colaba Mumbai Metro line before rains, MMRC... May 04, 2017 08:51 IST Maha farmers suffer, politicians tour Australia, New Zealand and Singapore to study... May 04, 2017 08:40 IST Delhiites, brace yourselves: Mercury to touch 42 degrees this weekend May 04, 2017 07:06 IST Maoists attack security force’s protected vehicle in Maharashtra, 15 jawans inj... May 04, 2017 00:51 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Why is Niti Aayog working on a 15-year vision plan when India already has one? May 04, 2017 09:24 IST AAP is unravelling --- and its top leadership is to be blamed May 03, 2017 16:42 IST India must be cautious, the China-Pakistan corridor has a geopolitical subtext May 03, 2017 18:17 IST Open letter to Kejriwal from an AAP chronicler: Return to the drawing board May 03, 2017 18:57 IST Kolkata Knight Riders played courteous in-law to Aussie son-in-law David Warner May 03, 2017 13:37 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Juventus outclass Monaco in UEFA Champions League semi-final May 04, 2017 08:34 IST Neeraj Chopra can break into javelin’s 90m club: Australia coach Garry Calvert May 04, 2017 01:35 IST Europa League: Bertrand Traore scores brace as Ajax rout Olympique Lyonnais May 04, 2017 01:42 IST IPL 2017: Rahul Tripathi’s ‘see ball, hit ball’ tactics takes down Kolkata Knight... May 04, 2017 01:18 IST Mohammed Shami an automatic choice for Champions Trophy 2017: Sourav Ganguly May 04, 2017 01:35 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Baahubali a shining example of Make in India, says Venkaiah Naidu May 04, 2017 09:19 IST Indian TV shows Naagin, Devon Ke Dev Mahadev are a big hit in China May 04, 2017 09:17 IST Baahubali 2: How Rajamouli, producer Shobu went about planning their pan-India ... May 04, 2017 08:52 IST Shabana Azmi starrer The Black Prince awarded at film fest in Houston May 04, 2017 08:38 IST Lion actor Sunny Pawar chosen for Rising Star Award in the UK May 04, 2017 08:29 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Flexible, cottony and comfortable: Tips to find right nursing bra May 03, 2017 21:12 IST Coming soon: Lingerie vending machine in a Mumbai mall May 03, 2017 21:07 IST The stage is set for the seventh edition of Ananda: Hindi Natya Utsav May 04, 2017 08:10 IST An art form is at its worst when it’s imitated, says Sanjukta Wagh May 04, 2017 08:11 IST Masaba Gupta offered fake print in Lajpat Nagar, told it’s from a country called... May 03, 2017 19:23 IST Apple’s response to Trump: iPhone-maker to create $1 billion US advanced manufacturing fund May 04, 2017 07:10 IST ICICI Bank Q4 net profit jumps but lags estimates May 03, 2017 19:01 IST Standard Chartered favours Frankfurt as EU hub after Brexit May 03, 2017 18:48 IST Euro zone economy outperforms US with robust start to year May 03, 2017 18:29 IST Yum Brands profit driven up by Taco Bell sales, KFC revenues almost flat, Pizza... May 03, 2017 18:06 IST Facebook, Apple logos removed from Thai royal funeral statue May 03, 2017 17:06 IST $ 770 bn black money entered India between 2005 to 2014: Report May 03, 2017 16:59 IST Apple iPhone 8 could come with MacBook Pro-like Touchbar called function area: Report May 04, 2017 09:22 IST Google Docs email spam attack: Here is what to do if you already clicked the li... May 04, 2017 08:15 IST Google Docs scam: Users spammed with malicious emails May 04, 2017 08:07 IST Apple’s response to Trump: iPhone-maker to create $1 billion US advanced manufacturing... May 04, 2017 07:10 IST WhatsApp global outage for ‘a few hours’ fixed now, services resumed May 04, 2017 07:31 IST Facebook to add 3,000 workers to filter out violent content, says Zuckerberg May 03, 2017 21:11 IST Bored of Zomato, foodpanda? UberEATS launched in India: All you need to know May 02, 2017 17:26 IST Less theory, more hands-on: IIT Delhi to revamp curriculum to prevent suicides May 03, 2017 19:25 IST PG Medical admissions: HC gives split verdict on incentive marks for govt docs May 03, 2017 18:51 IST Telangana SSC results 2017: 84.15% students pass, check details here May 03, 2017 17:38 IST Telangana SSC exam results 2017 declared, check them here May 03, 2017 17:33 IST Mizoram boy, giving friend a haircut, had no idea he was HSLC 2017 exam topper May 03, 2017 17:25 IST Following the nomads home on the Mughal Road May 04, 2017 09:04 IST 19 years old and on top of the world: Miss Teen Universe 2017 Srishti... May 03, 2017 14:39 IST Odisha: Berhampur yatra comes to a close May 03, 2017 11:57 IST In pics | Grief, anger, respect at martyr’s funeral May 02, 2017 22:44 IST Soldiers mutilated in Poonch cremated with military honours May 02, 2017 18:34 IST Hindus should have ‘eight children’ to protect religion: Religious guru May 03, 2017 13:43 IST Delhi BJP Chief Manoj Tiwari’s house ransacked May 01, 2017 12:10 IST Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan arrives in India May 01, 2017 11:59 IST Kashmir’s video warriors Apr 30, 2017 09:27 IST The Parched South: Despair as farmer suicides rise, hope springs as women find solutions Apr 29, 2017 17:07 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 4, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple will need to up its innovation game for iPhone 8 Cantillon: iPhone sales slump as buyers await 10th anniversary model about 3 hours ago Buyers are holding off until launch of iPhone 8 in September. Photograph: Getty         Given the phenomenal success Apple has achieved in recent years it tends to come as something of a surprise when the company issues results that are less than spectacular. So it was the case this week when the tech giant posted earnings that were disappointing by Wall Street standards. Revenue of $52.9 billion would hardly be sniffed at by most companies, but given they were down on a Thomson Reuters estimate of $53.02 billion, it set tongues a-wagging and led to a drop in the company’s share value. Ironically, the latest results came out on the same day as Apple briefly hit a new market cap of more than $776.59 billion surpassing its previous peak market value of $774.91 billion. Shares in the company tumbled 1.9 per cent in after-hours trading late on Tuesday after it reported a 1 per cent surprise fall in iPhones sales for its second quarter with Apple selling 50.76 million smartphones versus 51.19 million a year earlier. The reason for the drop in sales is presumed to be because many customers are holding off buying a new smartphone in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition one, which is due in September. Analysts are expecting Apple to pull out all the stops for the forthcoming phone, not just because of the anniversary but also because many of its rivals, most notably Samsung, have upped their game with recent smartphone launches. If Apple fail to deliver the goods come September, the decline in sales is likely to become more than just a blip. Consumers have come to love the company for the giant leaps it has made in innovation in the past, but in truth there has been little of note of late. The last few iPhone upgrades have provided incremental benefits, such as better screen displays, but little to really wow anyone. The Apple Watch was put forward as a game-changer but has failed to win over either critics or consumers. Indeed, just this week it was revealed that the likes of Amazon, eBay and Google, have all quietly stopped supporting the wearable product. Meanwhile, there has been much talk of Apple moving into the world of self-driving cars, to which it is unfashionably late given the clamour of companies looking to win big in this space. And we are still waiting for Apple to show its hand in the Artificial Intelligence (AI) or Virtual Reality (VR) space, seen by many as the cutting edge of future tech development. Apple used to be a leader in pretty much every field it operated in, but whether it can be one again remains to be seen. One thing’s for sure though, it will need more than a better camera on the iPhone 8 to keep it in pole position.       Topics: Cantillon Read More AIB’s failure to comply with 2010 legislation is striking Vulture funds step up enforcement out of spotlight Will credit unions become big players in mortgage market? Denis Naughten embraces solar energy but on his own turf Kennedy Wilson Europe investors see profit build quickly Strengthening Ireland’s links to outside world Belfast to host two major cyber security conferences Karlin Lillington: Blockchain is less hype, more a transformative technology Facebook to add 3,000 workers to fight streaming of live violence Data Protection Commissioner may get two new privacy chiefs AboutCantillon A man with a profound understanding of how money is made and lost, Kerry-born economist Richard Cantillon (1680s-1734) is a fitting namesake for this long-running column. Since 2009, Cantillon delivers succinct business comment on the stories behind the news. Read the articles Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Cantillon Our take - your business Limp income tax baffles pundits Apple will need to up its innovation game for iPhone 8 Cybercrime a reality and one that is hurting Irish firms Denis Naughten embraces solar energy but on his own turf Will credit unions become big players in mortgage market? Get an email each morning from the Irish Times business desk briefing you on significant business news. Find out what has happened and what is going to happen during the day ahead. Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 4/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Thursday, May 4, 2017 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»The Latest News»Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1B Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1B 0 By The Manila Times on May 4, 2017 The Latest News, Today's Breaking News Tweet SAN FRANCISCO: Apple chief Tim Cook announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do “advanced manufacturing,” kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. “We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund,” Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. “We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund.” Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the US last year — buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company’s devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more “in the future,” according to Cook. “A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values,” Cook said. “One of the thing you should do is give back.” Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. “To invest in the US, we have to borrow,” Cook said. “Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy.” The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. Showing up Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. “Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things,” Cook said “You look to find common ground; if you don’t show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn’t do your cause any good.” Taiwan’s tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan’s SoftBank. Foxconn is the world’s largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.” Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings — the vast majority held overseas — jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code — it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. AFP AFP/CC Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Loading... Leave A Reply Cancel Reply you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2017 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Today at Apple will convert a fairly well-kept secret into a key promotional tool Yesterday AAPL: 147.06 -0.45 New drone footage shows landscaping & other work continue on Apple Park Chance Miller - May. 3rd 2017 8:53 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Park View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A new month means a new drone flyover video of Apple Park. This drone video comes courtesy of Duncan Sinfield, who has been consistently producing drone flyovers of Apple’s new campus since 2015. The video shows progress continue on Apple Park as landscaping and other touches are applied… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover As we noted during other recent drone footage, Apple Park still very much resembles that of a construction scene. While landscaping work continues, there’s still a considerable more amount of dirt than there is greenery. Furthermore, there’s still machinery everywhere you look. Nevertheless, there’s definitely progress being made. In this newest drone footage, we can see work continue on the spaceship design with the solar panel roof, as well as Steve Jobs Theater and more. Windows are being installed along the outside of the building, while work continues on parking and other areas. Last month, drone footage showed work on Apple Park continue into the night as final touches were applied. Apple originally announced that its new headquarters would be named Apple Park back in February, while the company also stated that the 1,000-seat auditorium would be named Steve Jobs Theater. While employees were expected to begin moving in during the month of April, it’s currently hard to tell if employees have moved in or are starting to move in, but it would be possible. Check out the latest drone video below and keep up with everything we know about Apple Park in our continually updated guide. What do you think of the newest drone footage? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) Dow 30 20,957.90 +8.01 (+0.04%) Nasdaq 6,072.55 -22.82 (-0.37%) Mark your calendar Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting LIVE on Yahoo Finance • May 6, starting at 10 a.m. ET The market isn't ready to embrace Apple's fastest growing business, analyst says Anita Balakrishnan CNBC May 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s services business is on track to become the size of a Fortune 100 company — but it's not yet big enough to truly catch the eye of Wall Street, one analyst told CNBC's " Power Lunch " on Wednesday. "I think people are not really looking at the services business — they're not really ready," said Timothy Arcuri, managing director at Cowen and Company. Apple reported mixed earnings on Tuesday night, as earnings beat expectations but revenue fell short as iPhone sales fell from a year ago. But the company's services business, which includes the App Store, digital content, AppleCare, Apple Pay, and licensing, grew revenue 18 percent year over year, remaining the fastest growing segment at Apple. Despite netting more than $7 billion in revenue during the quarter, the services business "is not really big enough yet to really do a true sum-of-the-parts [analysis]," Arcuri said. "I think probably a year from now, maybe even two years from now, people will be much more willing to value the services business on its own," Arcuri said. Because of this, Arcuri said the stock is "significantly undervalued." The stock was just slightly off of its all-time highs on Wednesday. "I think that everyone wants to hear about services," Arcuri said. "Services was great. They were very confident that they were going to grow services, basically almost double by 2020. I think that's great." Arcuri wrote in a note on Wednesday that the quarter turned out "fine," but that the next iPhone might face a 4-week to 6-week delay due to issues with the fingerprint readers. Still, Arcuri said, the next iPhone could feature perks like wireless charging, and is "going to look different than any phone you've seen out of Apple." "I think it's going to be huge," Arcuri said. "But I think there are questions of, 'What happens after that?'" Right now, Apple's earnings have been boosted by increasing prices of iPhones . While this quarter's shipments fell slightly from a year ago, the average selling price of an iPhone during the quarter was $655, compared to $642 a year ago. Hiking the prices of iPhones might become more difficult as Apple tries to penetrate markets like India, Arcuri said, where average per capita incomes are much lower than in the U.S. "The question I would ask him really is about hardware pricing power," Arcuri said. "Because if you look at the last five years, everybody would agree that the entire smartphone market is slowing down. Yet, Apple's iPhone prices have gone up. If you look at the mix right now, the mix is actually skewing a lot more toward this bigger phone that has a higher price." For more on Apple, watch CEO Tim Cook's interview on "Mad Money" on Wednesday at 6 p.m. ET. Watch: Does Apple still have room to run? More From CNBC Exclusive: Apple just promised to give US manufacturing a $1 billion boost Facebook's days of easy growth from the shift to mobile may be over Hulu's new live TV service is absolutely gorgeous Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next How Warren Buffett could make Berkshire Hathaway America's biggest company Yahoo Finance Microsoft HoloLens inventor: 'The phone is already dead' CNBC Apple's dilemma: what to do with $256 bn cash pile AFP Summer interns at Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google earn more than the average American CNBC.com The MacBook Air, once the 'world's thinnest notebook,' is now one of the thickest laptops Apple sells Business Insider Navy SEAL's book on the bin Laden killing shows the real reason photos of the body were never released Business Insider Korea expert: There's only one logical conclusion for Trump's 'tough talk' on North Korea Business Insider People have started a 'fire Colbert' movement because of his 'homophobic' Trump insult Business Insider No Gilead Sciences M&A Yet, but CEO Offers Hint of Deals to Come The Street Does Warren Buffett expect Berkshire to top the Fortune 500? Yahoo Finance Video Claims and productivity — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance People are furious that this craft brewer 'sold out' to Anheuser-Busch — here's why the founders say they're wrong Business Insider A huge crack in a 1,000-foot-thick Antarctic ice block has taken an alarming turn Business Insider Why elites worry about the future of truck drivers Yahoo Finance One million bucks just isn’t what it used to be CNBC.com Unbox with David Pogue: Samsung Galaxy S8 Yahoo Finance Video Venezuela Is Heading for a Soviet-Style Collapse First L: All your moron brain dead Bernie supporters take note- this is what happens when you try to expand the moochers and parasite class at the expense of taxpayers. WE will stop working for your benefit. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 126
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Technology News Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 billion (File Photo) Shares1 Thu, 4 May 2017-09:09am , PTI Apple said it has 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more in the future, Tim Cook said Apple chief Tim Cook has announced that the technology major is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do "advanced manufacturing," kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the US would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. "We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. "We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund." Cook pointed out that Apple spent more than $50 billion (nearly Rs ​3.33 lakh crore) in the US last year -- buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company's devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more "in the future," according to Cook. "A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values," Cook said. "One of the thing you should do is give back." Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. "To invest in the US, we have to borrow," Cook said. "Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy." The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. "Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things," Cook said "You look to find common ground; if you don't show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn't do your cause any good." Taiwan's tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan's SoftBank. Foxconn is the world's largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 billion Sci/Tech WhatsApp back online after global outage of 'a few hours' Sci/Tech After incidents of murders and suicides, Facebook to add 3000 people to monitor live videos Sci/Tech Another crack in Antarctic ice shelf. What next? A crack? Sci/Tech World's smallest 4G smart phone can fit into your coin pocket Sci/Tech China to launch own encyclopaedia to rival Wikipedia Next Article > Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | Javier Bardem vouches for 'on set' Johnny Depp Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) WI lead by 183 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | Javier Bardem vouches for 'on set' Johnny Depp Related Growing economy, faster 4G gives Apple hope despite slow start in India: Tim cook High-end iPhone pushes prices up for Apple, even as sales slow This is why Apple’s Tim Cook wanted to delete Uber from the App Store Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags Tim Cook United States Apple Donald Trump Foxconn CNBC California Japan Silicon Valley Softbank Sony Taiwan Corning Glass Japan Softbank SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maharashtra: One policeman dead, 12 injured in landmine blast by Naxals JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Girl dies as compound wall collapses in Thanjavur district Latur bandh called to protest extension of train till Bidar Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Calvert-Lewin signs a new five-year contract at Everton Entertainment May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? REVEALED: Shahid Kapoor wants baby Misha to read THIS book! Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Jim Cramer interviews Tim Cook: the complete transcript Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC 7 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple CEO Tim Cook says rumors hurt iPhone sales in China    8 Hours Ago | 13:02 Cramer interviewed Apple CEO Tim Cook on Wednesday about Apple's recent earnings report, plans to create U.S. manufacturing jobs, and more. This is a full transcript, lightly edited for clarity. Cramer: Tim, last year at this time we sat down, the stock was at $93, the headlines were all about how the company's best days were behind it. You said that "the customers loved the product, as long as they do, then I'm not gonna worry." Do you feel vindicated? Tim Cook: "You know, I didn't really worry about what people were saying then because I care very much about our users, and I strongly believe that if they're happy over the long term, other things will take care of itself. And so we had a lot of confidence and it's good to be here today. But we don't really look at the stock, you know? Because for us, it's about the long term. And so we're very much focused on long term shareholder value, but not the short term kind of stuff." But there has to be a sense, when you read that the company is dead, that it's a bit unfair. "Well, I just thought it was absurd." OK. "And people just not understanding the company." Do people understand the headlines today that it was a disappointing quarter even though every company in the world would kill for what you just did? "Yeah. I look at that, honestly, and we had a great quarter. If you get into the numbers just a little bit for a few minutes, the Mac grew 14 percent. This is huge. Services continued this really fast growth. It grew 18 percent year on year and we continue to be on target to be a Fortune 100 company this year with our services business. The watch almost doubled year on year. iPhone grew in revenue sense because the iPhone 7 Plus was just off the charts. It's so incredibly popular, so much more popular than we planned. We knew we had a killer product, but so many people love Portrait mode and the large, beautiful screen and all the other aspects of the phone, and it's become such an integral part of their life that a lot of people are loving that 7 Plus. And so we grew strongly in four out of five of the operating segments, of the geographic segments. We didn't grow in China, but we did remarkably better than we did over the second half of last year, which is what we expected, and it's what we delivered. And we feel that we'll do even better this quarter." Let's think about that notion of the consumer and what you care about. Let's say a consumer product company had 5 percent organic growth, 10 percent earnings per share, beat by $0.08, and at the same time had price increases when all consumer products companies are struggling with price decreases. I believe that you would sell at 24 times earnings, which coincidentally, is the same price-to-earnings multiple of Clorox, which is a bleach company. Do you find it somewhat ironic that the most basic commodity has a much higher price-to-earnings multiple than the greatest consumer product of all time? "You know, for us, we look at that and we say, you know, we can invest in our company and invest in our stock and we do believe it's undervalued. And so we're buying it back, and so from that point of view there's an opportunity in that as well. But over the long haul, I think it will, I strongly believe that it'll be at a fair value. And so, you know, that's how we look at it." But is it reasonable to think it's the greatest consumer product technology company as opposed to a razor blade that sells at 23 times earnings? "I think the iPhone is the best consumer product ever. That's what I feel about it. And it's become so integrated and integral to our lives, you wouldn't think about leaving home without it. It's- your health data is there, it's- you're paying with it from an Apple Pay point of view, you're messaging your friends, the community that you're a part of. It's your navigation system. It's your news. For many people, they've moved all of their video to watching on a mobile product. And, you know, the iPhone is at the center of that." Plus, clearly, is a cord-cutter. "Absolutely. Absolutely. And so there's so many of these things that it has, that- it's so integrated into all aspects of your life, that I think- I don't know that there is a consumer product that's made such a profound change in people. And with the ecosystem behind it, the fact that it's unleashed millions of developers to develop their passion and provide to customers something that they've been, maybe it's been a hobby for them, but now they're unleashing it around the world. And it's unbelievable." But on the conference call you mentioned two troubling issues. You talked about how we are working on getting China better. And then you also talked about the idea that yes, people are holding back. Some are waiting, perhaps because of a new phone. These were things you addressed. So I'd like to just flesh them out with the people who watch who own the phone who are confused by this. "I think the last one is kind of simple, honestly. It's that there are more rumors floating and more press articles and mentions of new things, and when that happens, a percentage of people delay. And so, yeah, we see a piece of that. That probably affects us more in China than other places because there's a tendency there to buy the latest thing, although I have to say, the 7 Plus has done extraordinarily well there, and it's up double-digit from the previous year, comparing to the previous generation product. But we didn't do as well on some of the previous generation iPhones there, and we're looking at why and trying to address that." Now, the 7 Plus, had you had enough, the quarter would've been a different-looking quarter. "No, I wouldn't say that, because I feel that we were in supply-demand balance at the beginning of the quarter. But when I back up from China, what I see is the Mac business grew 20 percent. You know, this is extraordinary. The Watch grew nicely. Services is just on a tear there. Chinese developers have really done a great job of delivering apps that people really want there. And so there's a whole set of things that's going well, and we just have to get them all to head. In the scheme of things, though, you know, if you back up from it, we're probably, we're one of the largest foreign companies there. And we're really proud to be there and serve the market, and we're going to keep working on it." You've mentioned the service revenue stream several times. I think, okay, so you have say 150 million, which is a conservative number, of subscribers who, like me, don't even look at the price of the bill like we do for Netflix and Amazon. I'm thinking, what else can you put in there? I know that you've been talking original content. I know there's the possibility of using some of the $256 billion you have to augment that stream. The stream is one that we are very excited about on Wall Street, and the consumer is excited about. Wouldn't it be a natural to put more money on that horse and bet that I could change the complexion of the company's valuation? "First of all, for this year, we think we can become a Fortune 100 company without adding something new, so that's looking at our existing sort of services. We've also said that we're going to double the services business. Our objective is to double by 2020. And, you know, that projection is a sum of new services and existing services. On video in particular, we see that the video world has kind of hit an air pocket. And where cord-cutting has been happening on some kind of basis, we think it's accelerating massively and that it's clear what the end story looks like here. The trajectory is a debate. But we'd like to play in this. Because we do think that the best experience for a customer is to view things when they want, the way they want, and have many different additional information around what they're watching, you know, not just the linear TV feed. And so we are working on some original content now. We're learning, and we'll see where this takes us." Now, is there a possibility that someone could say, "You know what? These numbers are great. Samsung had the fire phone, and now they've got a new edition." But meantime you've picked up a lot of your ecosystem. You've always talked about people switching to Apple. Are you concerned about people switching back to Samsung? "No, we don't see much of that. We don't want to see any of that, and we try really hard to retain people by giving them an experience that they really love. That's our objective. But generally speaking we measure that fairly closely, and we don't see very much of that. On the switcher side, we were very pleased that we set a record for switchers outside of China for the first six months of this fiscal year. As you know, we start in October and we just finished the first half in March. And we set a record there and we set a record for upgraders across the world. And so this felt really good." show chapters Exclusive: Apple just promised to give US manufacturing a $1 billion boost    8 Hours Ago | 12:09 Tim, let's talk about Apple's role in the world. You're a huge company. What are you doing to create jobs? "That's a good question. You know, a lot of people as me, 'Do you think it's a company's job to create jobs?' and my response is a company should have values because a company is a collection of people. And people should have values, so by extension, a company should. And one of the things you do is give back. So how do you give back? We give back through our work in the environment, in running the company on renewable energy. We give back in job creation. And so if you look at job creation in particular, we've now created two million jobs in America. Two million. And so let me give you a little bit of information on this – and this doesn't include the multiplier effect, by the way, that would make it a ton more. As you look around this campus, we now have 80,000 people in the United States, so about 25,000 are here doing R&D. but we have a huge facility in Austin as well that has 6,000 people that does everything from engineering to customer support to financial services, et cetera, and, of course, we have stores across the United States. In addition to this, we buy a lot from U.S. suppliers, and this includes things like we manufacture here, our suppliers manufacture here. Corning is an example of this. We buy the glass from iPhone and iPad from Corning. But there's many other examples. We buy adhesives from 3M. 3M manufactures in my home state of Alabama and many other places as well. And so we actually spent over $50 billion last year in this country. I mean, this is incredible. And then we have a developer community. And this developer community is almost 1.5 million people now. These are folks from really small businesses, a party of one, to larger companies, and they're writing apps that change the world. And we're giving them the platform, and we've created [an] incredible store that allows them to sell their product in 155 countries in the world. It's a really unbelievable, empowering experience as a new business. And so each of these areas, Jim, we ask ourselves: How can we increase it further? How can we create even more? We're not satisfied with just two million. And so you can bet we're going to be hiring thousands of employees in the future. Thousands more employees in the future. On the developer community, we're asking ourselves: How can we empower the next generation of developers? How can we touch even more people? How can we train more people to code so they can pursue their passion?" Would you ever put money behind that? "We would. We would and we will and you'll be hearing more about that across the summer. In the other category, manufacturing, we ask ourselves: How can we get more people to do advanced manufacturing in the United States? And I'm proud to tell you that we're creating an advanced manufacturing fund. We're initially putting $1 billion in the fund." This I did not know about. "Right, we're announcing it today. So you're the first person I'm telling. Well, not the first person because we've talked to a company that we're going to invest in already." But this is $1 billion of Apples $256 billion, putting it in. "It's $1 billion of our U.S. money, which we have to borrow to get, that's another whole topic, but yeah, we're really proud to do it. And by doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them. And we'll be announcing the first investment for this fund later in the month of May. And so we're really proud of this, and so you can see, we're really looking at this thing deeply. How do we grow our employee base? How do we grow the developer base? How do we grow manufacturing? And you will see us bring things to market in all of those areas across this year. We're really proud to do that." You know, when you do that, do you ever look at the government as perhaps saying, "Okay, look, Cook is putting $1 billion of his company to it. Let's get in," you know, President Trump's saying, "We've gotta give him a repatriation. Who knows what he'll do with all that money over there. We've gotta give 'em the tax break." Would you work closely with the president to get some of these things done so that you can do more job creation? "I think that repatriation- actually, I think comprehensive tax reform is the, is so important to this economy. If you think about it, many, many companies now sell globally. If you sell globally, you earn money globally. If you earn money globally, you can't bring it back into the United States unless you pay 35 percent plus your state tax. And you look at this and you go, 'This is kind of bizarre.' You want people to use this money in the United States to invest more. We are in a good position, but an unusual one. Our good position is we can borrow. And so to invest in the United States, we have to borrow. This doesn't make sense on a broad basis, and so I think the administration, you saw that they're really getting this and want to bring this back and I hope that that comes to pass." Now, Tim, your company stands for things. You've got closely held principles – human rights, civil rights. What happens if they clash with the president's views? "You know, my view on working with any government in the world is that there are things that you will agree upon and things that you will not. And you don't want to let the things you don't mean that you don't have any interface. Because what we want to do when we disagree is we want to say why we view the way we do – " Immigration. " – because we want to influence it. Yes, immigration is one of those, where you saw how we talked out about the executive order and how we felt about that. And I think that, you know, I think that most people, when you disagree, if you do so and you say why, and I think you have a good chance of influencing things. And so that's kind of the way we look at it." Sounds like the relationship with the White House is one of give and take, but getting something done. "You know, again, I think with each administration in every country in the world, there are things you disagree and things you agree, and you look to find common ground and try to influence the things you don't. If you don't show up, I think that's the worst scenario because then you're quiet and this doesn't do your cause any good or your point of view any good." Now, let's talk about you. You've come out with some phenomenal products, but we're still waiting for something. You know, iPad comes out and you change the world. We've got new products that advance the ball. Is there something coming our way that is just gonna knock us out, that we can't believe? A game changer that we never thought of that we just can't live without? "Jim, we always are working on an incredible number of things." Car? "I can't say, I can't say that." Health? "You know, the Watch has been an incredible move into health, in the wellness and fitness piece." For you too? "Yes, for me too. I've lost 30 pounds thanks partly to my watch." Because it prompts us. "Because it motivates you and it constantly gives you feedback, it constantly gives you rewards, and this makes a difference over time. And I'm getting calls and letters from so many people where the Watch has made a difference in their life, and this is why we are in business. We're in business to help people achieve their objectives, to empower them to do great things." But are there dating factors to a new product, the artificial intelligence, machine learning, where the phone just can't get you there because of the physical infrastructure around the world that we have to leapfrog that somehow? "I think AI is huge. We use AI in so much of what we do today, but we're going to be able to use it even more in the future because the processing and GPUs are getting so incredible, the capability so incredible, we're going to be able to do a lot more. I don't want to get into details, but there's a lot more there. AR, you know, I've said in the past, this is something we're really excited about." Still loving the job, still getting the people you want? "I love it. Yes. Yes. You know, there's no bigger privilege in the world than to work at this company at this moment in time. And to be able to work with all the great people I get to work with every day. It's, was beyond my wildest imagination and there's not a day that I don't go by that I thank God for it." Well, and do you feel that— there will be something that tells me maybe this year, because you haven't given us any date for the new phone, right? But can we get a date? Can we get a date because I want to get my daughter a new phone, I just need to know when. "No, no. If you want to get her a new phone, I would suggest you get her an iPhone 7 or an iPhone 7 Plus because they're extraordinary and, you know, I'm getting all these photos from people that are using Portrait mode on the 7 Plus and they're unbelievable. It's like we've all become professional photographers." Well, I do ask because every time the product is so good that I come back and say, "If it's so good, why do I need a new one?" Are you not your own worst enemy in some ways, Tim? "No, because it's always something that you didn't expect. You know, who thought you could—" Old battery? "--take a photo like a portrait mode—" Long battery? "You know, the-- the-- the current ones are better than the previous ones. And-- and, you know, the AirPods, I get so many emails every day about AirPods in terms—" But weren't they supposed to be the reason why we didn't buy? "Now people that are using them, they really love them. And I'm not exaggerating a bit, they really love them." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » '4G roll-out here fastest in world' H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal '4G roll-out here fastest in world'Anand J | TNN | May 4, 2017, 07.02 AM IST BENGALURU: Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the 4G roll-out in India is the fastest he has ever seen in the world and that it opens a great opportunity for Apple to grow in the country over the next few years. Apple sales in India, Cook said, grew at double digits and set a new record in the March quarter. In an earnings call with investors after the announcement of the quarterly results, Cook said the company has been investing money and energy in the country , encouraged by the 4G network growth. "The 4G network investment really began rolling in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year.But they are moving fast. They're moving at a speed that I have not seen in any other country in the world once they were started, and it is truly impressive," Cook said. With sales slowing for Apple in the US and China, investors are looking to see if growth in India can compensate for this. Apple, one of the world's most valued companies, sold 50.76 million iPhones globally in the first quarter of the calendar year, down from 51.19 million it sold during the same period of the previous year. In India, sales have been surging, and in the premium smartphone segment (Rs 30,000 and above), it has been battling Samsung for the top slot. In the January-March quarter, Samsung replaced Apple as the top premium smartphone vendor with a 48% marketshare, up from 31% in October-December, according to Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple's share dropped to 43%, from 62%. Cook said India's young demographic and rising income levels are making the company hopeful about growth in India. "We have been investing quite a bit. We have a ton of energy going into the country on a number of fronts, the demographics of the country is why we're putting so much energy there," he said.Apple is setting up a manufacturing plant in Bengaluru. It also has an R&D facility in Hyderabad focused on developing Apple's maps. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing It WebMD Have You Seen These New 2017 SUVs? Top SUVs Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Al Pacino urges daughter to drop surname - Times of India The cancer that killed actor Vinod Khanna From the Web More From The Times of India Take an Arts, Culture and Cooking Getaway in ConnecticutConnecticut Tourism Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear…The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com Microsoft Office 365 Education - Free For Teachers & Stude..Microsoft Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Indian-American man jailed for 5 years; loses US citizenship Natural ways to get bigger breasts Bipasha, Karan upset for not getting movie offers Salman Khan’s shirtless picture goes viral! ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Blood trail proves Pakistan army personnel killed and beheaded Indian soldiers: India With BrahMos' success, Army perfects long-range strike capability Israel shows off F-35 stealth fighters for first time 4 Best Balance Transfer Cards Ad: The Simple Dollar Cabinet clears National Steel Policy 2017 for more capacity The Cabinet approved a new policy that envisages Rs 10 lakh crore investment to create more capacity in the steel sector. 'The Cabinet approved the National Steel Policy 2017,' a source privy to the development said. MakeMyTrip raises $330 million in fresh funding MakeMyTrip, India's largest online travel operator, has raised $330 million in a fresh round of funding, through a mix of private placement of shares and from issuing fresh stock to existing investors CTrip and Naspers. MakeMyTrip founder Deep Kalra talks to ET Now on the same. From around the Web Wilson’s Heart, A Thriller Not For The Faint Of Heart Oculus Rift Businesses Loans | searchnow.com SearchNow Huge Selection of Mother's Day Gifts She'll Love - Shop Now The Bradford Exchange The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Read MoreTim CookSamsungCookApple Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Cos must make `experience' their biz: Adobe's Narayen BPL parts ways with Flipkart, to sell products on Amazon Preference for Indian steel in govt contracts Centre to sell three ITDC hotels to states 1'4G roll-out here fastest in world' 2Cos must make `experience' their biz: Adobe's Narayen 3BPL parts ways with Flipkart, to sell products on Amazon 4Preference for Indian steel in govt contracts 5Centre to sell three ITDC hotels to states Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Pradeep Kumar TS 10th results 2017 TTV Dinakaran Modi in Urrakhand Live: Sultan Azlan Shah Cup Sensex KKR vs RPS Live Score TS SSC Results 2017 Kumar Vishwas Bahubali 2 Collection Day 4 Bahubali 2 Collection Day 3 Bahubali 2 Collection Day 5 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Arvind Kejriwal Infosys TS SSC Results 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Tollywood News Kollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Amanatullah Khan IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table BCCI Donald Trump Baahubali 2 Collection xXx Justin Bieber India Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #RealEstateAct #Baahubali2 #VinodKhanna # BabriMasjid #H-1B #Dinakaran #VijayMallya #KulbhushanJadhav #IPL2017 #Sunday Features Home / Business / Apple eyeing to tap India’s huge potential, says Tim Cook Apple eyeing to tap India’s huge potential, says Tim Cook — By Yoshita Singh | May 04, 2017 08:22 am FOLLOW US: New York :  Bullish on India, Apple CEO Tim Cook has said that the US tech giant was bolstering its presence in India’s “underpenetrated” market to tap the huge growth opportunities in the fast-growing economy amidst improving 4G network infrastructure. “We set a new March quarter record for India, where revenue grew by strong double digits. We continue to strengthen our local presence across the entire ecosystem, and we’re very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young, and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network infrastructure,” Cook said in the second quarter results earnings call on Tuesday Cook, 56, was asked whether the California-based company is underpenetrated in India and if it needs to work with the government to have Apple-owned stores or production given the great opportunity in the country. “We think it’s a great opportunity too, and so we’re bringing all the things that we brought to bear in other markets that we’ve eventually done well in, and that’s from channel to stores to our ecosystem and so forth,” he said. Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller was in India opening a developer centre last quarter. “And so there are a ton of things going on there (India). And we agree that we are underpenetrated there. Our growth rates are good, really good by most people’s expectations, maybe not mine as much,” he said. Cook, who visited India last year and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi, said the iPhone maker is putting a “lot of energy” in India, just like Apple has in other geographies that eventually wound up producing more. “So I’m very excited about it,” he said. Cook emphasised that the 4G network investment began rolling in in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year in India, which is the third largest smartphone market in the world today behind China and the US, reports PTI. “But they are moving fast. They’re moving at a speed that I have not seen in any other country in the world once they were started, and it is truly impressive,” he said. Apple has been “investing quite a bit” in India and has a “ton of energy” going into the country on a number of fronts. Share this Post: « Previous Article Humans of Indore: His heart bleeds for suffering of cancer patients Next Article » ‘$770 bn black money entered India in 2005-2014’ Tagged with: 4G network apple CEO Tim Cook JUST ARRIVED IPL 2017: We can still finish in top-two, says confident Chris Woakes Star Wars Day 2017: May the fourth be with you! Bilkis Bano case: Bombay HC rejects CBI’s plea seeking death for convicts Things to do in Mumbai today In Pictures: Akshay Kumar, Sonam Kapoor shine at National Awards EDITOR’S PICK Tough times for Indians seeking jobs overseas Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s unsuccessful telephonic conversation with his Australian counterpart Michael Turnbull to cajole him to review the scrapping… The war over e-payments and digitisation There is an unspoken war within the government. Everybody wants to take charge of e-payments and digitization, but no one… Pakistan army cocking a snook at Sharif From General Raheel Sharif to General Qamar Javed Bajwa, as far as India is concerned the Pakistan army has gone… Serious infighting in Karnataka BJP unit The deepening fissures in the BJP in Karnataka are threatening to nullify the advantage that the party has due to… Take the Pakistani bull by the horns Pakistan has again resorted to the mutilation of the bodies of two Indian soldiers who they killed after sneaking 250… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Qualcomm reportedly may try to block iPhone imports into the U.S. Aaron Pressman, Fortune May 3, 2017 8:12 PM Above: The back of the iPhone SE. The Apple logo is cast in stainless steel. Image Credit: Jordan Novet / VentureBeat The escalating legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm may hit U.S. consumers next. Qualcomm is preparing to ask the agency that polices U.S. imports to block iPhones from entering the country, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing an anonymous source. The International Trade Commission has the authority to restrict imports of goods that violate intellectual property rights. Apple had some older Samsung phones blocked by the agency in 2013, for example, over alleged infringement of two patents. Although the iPhone is designed by Apple, it is manufactured in Asia and must be imported to reach U.S. consumers. Apple and Qualcomm declined to comment when contacted by Fortune. The dispute between the two titans of the mobile business broke out after Apple started using modem chips from Intel in about half of new iPhones last year, instead of buying all its chips from Qualcomm. Apple sued Qualcomm in January, saying Qualcomm’s royalties, imposed on iPhones both with and without Qualcomm’s chip set, were excessive. Qualcomm counter-sued on April 10, accusing Apple of harming its business and breaching deals between the two companies. If Qualcomm seeks to have iPhone imports stopped, the move would follow Apple’s decision to completely stop paying royalties to Qualcomm for the wireless technologies included in the device. Qualcomm disclosed last week that Apple was withholding the disputed fees, which total about $500 million for the second quarter. Over the previous three quarters, Apple had withheld only a portion of the fees, totaling $1 billion. Shares of Qualcomm have lost 16% so far this year, as the dispute with Apple and various regulators around the world have threatened the company’s business. Qualcomm invented many core technologies over decades that are now used in wireless networks and smartphones. The chip maker charges royalties for a portion of the value of every phone sold, whether it contains communications microprocessor chips made by the company or by its rivals, arguing that some of its inventions must be referenced in every chip. But Apple and regulators claim Qualcomm is abusing a dominant market position to extract excessive payments. Qualcomm’s royalty agreements are with Apple’s contract manufacturers like Foxconn, not directly with Apple. Apple has said it had been trying unsuccessfully to negotiate a direct licensing agreement with Qualcomm for more than five years. During a call with analysts on Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook explained Apple’s reasoning for withholding the royalties. “You can’t pay something when there’s a dispute about the amount–you don’t know how much to pay,” Cook said. “I don’t believe anyone is going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that,” he also noted, referring to the possibility that Qualcomm might seek to have iPhone sales blocked. “I think that there’s plenty of case law around that subject, but we shall see.” This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest Last group of Taiwanese fraud suspects deported from Turkey Taiwan shares close up 0.12% Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwan dollar Air quality mixed around Taiwan Thursday Taiwan recorded one new cancer case every 5 minutes, 6 seconds in 2014 Politics Infrastructure bill remains stalled in Legislature Tsai tweets in Japanese to promote Taiwan's WHA participation Envoy promotes Taiwan's 'New Southbound Policy' in Philippines President keeping tabs on French presidential runoff Vice president, WTO representative elected to NAS Cross-Strait Taiwan protests blockage of its delegation by Chinese at Perth meeting President calls for new model in development of ties with China Chinese delegation criticized for 'disgusting' behavior Detained Taiwan activist's wife solicits overseas assistance SEF head hints about new cross-strait policy Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.12% Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwan dollar U.S. dollar higher in Taipei trading Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan to legislate on corporate social responsibility: Vice president Entertainment & Sports American pop star Britney Spears to rock Taiwan Hurdler Chen Chieh 'surprised' by AAA Grand Prix win Taiwan's Tai Tzu-ying wins Badminton Asia title (update) 4 Taiwanese films awarded at Houston international film festival Taiwan to hold its first space out competition in October Science & Technology Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Qualcomm, Microsoft mulling investment in Taiwan: MOEA Tang Prize winner delivers speech at EB 2017 in Chicago Culture Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' MND-organized seminar on Taiping Island comes to a close Book launched in Taiwan to promote Israeli food, culture Taiwan's press freedom improves, remains best in Asia Society Last group of Taiwanese fraud suspects deported from Turkey Air quality mixed around Taiwan Thursday Taiwan recorded one new cancer case every 5 minutes, 6 seconds in 2014 Disclosing dead writer's name is legal: Taipei City government Winning numbers of Wednesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest Last group of Taiwanese fraud suspects deported from Turkey Taiwan shares close up 0.12% Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwan dollar Air quality mixed around Taiwan Thursday Taiwan recorded one new cancer case every 5 minutes, 6 seconds in 2014 Politics Infrastructure bill remains stalled in Legislature Tsai tweets in Japanese to promote Taiwan's WHA participation Envoy promotes Taiwan's 'New Southbound Policy' in Philippines President keeping tabs on French presidential runoff Vice president, WTO representative elected to NAS Cross-Strait Taiwan protests blockage of its delegation by Chinese at Perth meeting President calls for new model in development of ties with China Chinese delegation criticized for 'disgusting' behavior Detained Taiwan activist's wife solicits overseas assistance SEF head hints about new cross-strait policy Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.12% Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwan dollar U.S. dollar higher in Taipei trading Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan to legislate on corporate social responsibility: Vice president Entertainment & Sports American pop star Britney Spears to rock Taiwan Hurdler Chen Chieh 'surprised' by AAA Grand Prix win Taiwan's Tai Tzu-ying wins Badminton Asia title (update) 4 Taiwanese films awarded at Houston international film festival Taiwan to hold its first space out competition in October Science & Technology Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Qualcomm, Microsoft mulling investment in Taiwan: MOEA Tang Prize winner delivers speech at EB 2017 in Chicago Culture Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' MND-organized seminar on Taiping Island comes to a close Book launched in Taiwan to promote Israeli food, culture Taiwan's press freedom improves, remains best in Asia Society Last group of Taiwanese fraud suspects deported from Turkey Air quality mixed around Taiwan Thursday Taiwan recorded one new cancer case every 5 minutes, 6 seconds in 2014 Disclosing dead writer's name is legal: Taipei City government Winning numbers of Wednesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities Last group of Taiwanese fraud suspects deported fr... Taiwan shares close up 0.12% Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwa... Air quality mixed around Taiwan Thursday Taiwan recorded one new cancer case every 5 minute... Thursday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Economics Back to list Taiwan shares end slightly higher ahead of 10,000 points 2017/05/03 17:59:14 Taipei, May 3 (CNA) Shares in Taiwan closed moderately higher on Wednesday on reduced turnover as many investors chose to stay on the sidelines amid fears over a possible pullback ahead of the key 10,000-point mark, dealers said. Market sentiment also turned cautious to cap the upturn on the main board before the U.S. Federal Reserve wraps up a two-day policymaking meeting later in the day, while select high-tech heavyweights extended gains from the previous session to push up the broader market, they said. The weighted index on the Taiwan Stock Exchange ended up 14.06 points, or 0.14 percent, at 9,955.33, after moving between 9,937.99 and 9,979.91, on turnover of NT$79.13 billion (US$2.64 billion). On Tuesday, the main board closed above the 9,900 point mark, up 0.70 percent. The market opened up 0.16 percent and rose to a day's high in the early morning session on follow-through buying from the previous session with market heavyweights, in particular "Apple concept stocks" moving higher, dealers said. Although the main board encountered some selling to leave the weighted index closer to the previous closing level for most of the session, buying emerged in the last few minutes to give a boost at the close of the session, they said. "Thanks to the major suppliers to Apple, the local main board closed higher today. It seemed that investors ignored the U.S. consumer electronics giant's disappointing results for the January-March period," Mega International Investment Services Corp. analyst Alex Huang said. Apple reported US$52.9 billion in sales for the three month period, below an earlier market forecast of US$53.02 billion with iPhone shipments at 50.8 million units, lower than the anticipated 52 million units. At the same time, Apple's earnings per share stood at US$2.10, beating a market estimate of US$2.02. "Continued buying in these Apple concept stocks showed investors have shifted their attention to the next generation iPhones and expect new products to boost Taiwanese suppliers' shipments in the second half of this year," Huang said. Among the gaining Apple concept stocks, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC, 台積電), the most heavily weighted stock on the local market, which is believed to supply processors for iPhone production, gained 0.76 percent to close at NT$198.00, with 25.72 million shares changing hands. Shares in Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. (鴻海), an assembler of iPhones and iPads, rose 0.50 percent to end at NT$100.50, while Largan Precision Co. (大立光), a smartphone camera supplier to Apple, added 0.40 percent to close at NT$5,020.00, remaining the most expensive stock in Taiwan. In the old economy sector, shares in textile maker Far Eastern New Century Corp. (遠東新) rose 0.59 percent to close at NT$25.45, while Nan Ya Plastics Corp. (南亞) ended unchanged at NT$72.80. "Today's reduced turnover showed caution as the weighted index has been moving closer to 10,000 points. Many investors fear strong technical resistance ahead of that level will affect share prices," Huang said. "In addition, the market is waiting for a conclusion to be reached by the Fed later in the day," Huang said. "While few expect a rate hike by the Fed today, the market is watching closely to see what the U.S. central bank says after the meeting." (By Frances Huang) enditem/ AW/ Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 05/04 13:47 Taiwan shares close up 0.12% 05/04 12:54 Japanese yen dips to over 1-year low against Taiwan dollar 05/04 10:13 U.S. dollar higher in Taipei trading 05/04 09:07 Taiwan shares open higher 05/03 22:07 Taiwan to legislate on corporate social responsibility: Vice president Most Viewed 05/01 20:13 Taiwan's labor conditions making headway: president 04/30 20:59 Action artist walks semi-naked in Kaohsiung 05/02 17:48 American pop star Britney Spears to rock Taiwan 05/01 13:41 Reuters 'embarrassed' over Tsai interview: MOFA 04/30 22:55 Migrant workers rally for better labor rights Photos Video Taiwanese pole dancer wins US event Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Technology News Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 billion (File Photo) Shares1 Thu, 4 May 2017-09:09am , PTI Apple said it has 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more in the future, Tim Cook said Apple chief Tim Cook has announced that the technology major is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do "advanced manufacturing," kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the US would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. "We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. "We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund." Cook pointed out that Apple spent more than $50 billion (nearly Rs ​3.33 lakh crore) in the US last year -- buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company's devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more "in the future," according to Cook. "A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values," Cook said. "One of the thing you should do is give back." Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. "To invest in the US, we have to borrow," Cook said. "Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy." The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. "Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things," Cook said "You look to find common ground; if you don't show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn't do your cause any good." Taiwan's tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan's SoftBank. Foxconn is the world's largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 billion Sci/Tech WhatsApp back online after global outage of 'a few hours' Sci/Tech After incidents of murders and suicides, Facebook to add 3000 people to monitor live videos Sci/Tech Another crack in Antarctic ice shelf. What next? A crack? Sci/Tech World's smallest 4G smart phone can fit into your coin pocket Sci/Tech China to launch own encyclopaedia to rival Wikipedia Next Article > Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | Javier Bardem vouches for 'on set' Johnny Depp Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) WI lead by 183 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | Javier Bardem vouches for 'on set' Johnny Depp Related Growing economy, faster 4G gives Apple hope despite slow start in India: Tim cook High-end iPhone pushes prices up for Apple, even as sales slow This is why Apple’s Tim Cook wanted to delete Uber from the App Store Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags Tim Cook United States Apple Donald Trump Foxconn CNBC California Japan Silicon Valley Softbank Sony Taiwan Corning Glass Japan Softbank SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maharashtra: One policeman dead, 12 injured in landmine blast by Naxals JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Girl dies as compound wall collapses in Thanjavur district Latur bandh called to protest extension of train till Bidar Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Calvert-Lewin signs a new five-year contract at Everton Entertainment May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? REVEALED: Shahid Kapoor wants baby Misha to read THIS book! Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
BREAKING NEWS: Oil eases, near weakest since late March on small US stocks decline … 'No cause for alarm' after rumours over Queen Elizabeth II … Juveniles Behind Bars in Sierra Leone … BMW sees forecasts in reach after Q1 profit boost … Adidas keeps eye on objectives after Q1 profits leap … PPP set to hold protest in Lahore … Yasir Shah eyes to overtake Abdul Qadir … WhatsApp still inaccessible in parts off world … HSBC first-quarter pre-tax profit falls 19pc … Poverty of what? … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Industries & Sectors » Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1bn Industries & Sectors Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1bn Imaduddin May 4th, 2017 08:23 0   SAN FRANCISCO: Apple chief Tim Cook on Wednesday announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do "advanced manufacturing," kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. "We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. "We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund." Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the US last year -- buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company's devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more "in the future," according to Cook. "A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values," Cook said. "One of the thing you should do is give back." Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. "To invest in the US, we have to borrow," Cook said. "Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy." The first investment of the new fund will  be announced later this month, according to Apple. - Showing up - Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. "Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things," Cook said "You look to find common ground; if you don't show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn't do your cause any good." Taiwan's tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan's SoftBank. Foxconn is the world's largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a "pause" in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed "reports about future iPhones." Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple's success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple's quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings -- the vast majority held overseas -- jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code -- it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated.   Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017  Tags : AppleTim Cook Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Dollar builds on gains but Asia markets struggle Next Trump to ease restrictions against religious groups Related Posts Apr 17th, 2017 16:58 Apple to design self-driving automobiles, the iCars Feb 11th, 2017 16:14 Tech firms must do more against 'fake news' Feb 3rd, 2017 12:53 Apple to build iPhone in India this year Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 47° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Sunny. High 82F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 54F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) AP Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers May 3, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago 0 Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Technology Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Production Facilities Corporate News Smartphones Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Hiring And Recruitment Personnel × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults New leash on life: Michigan group finds old pets new homes Abbas says talks with Trump positive, if short on specifics Minnesota prof's coloring book pokes fun at college life What to know as Texas nears passing 'sanctuary city' law More on this topic 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults New leash on life: Michigan group finds old pets new homes Abbas says talks with Trump positive, if short on specifics Minnesota prof's coloring book pokes fun at college life What to know as Texas nears passing 'sanctuary city' law Most Popular Spirit day sparks backlash at Twin Falls High Our View: Twin Falls fights back Report: Tired bus driver caused Lincoln County crash Prosecutors will not seek death penalty in Twin Falls teen's drive-by murder M. Rupert's trouble Business Directory Latest Local Offers Gem State Roofing Gem State Roofing offers discounts to all veterans and service men and women! Call us today to schedule your free estimate! 208-941-4579 Updated 12 hrs ago Center For Physical Rehabilitation FREE Athletic Injury Screening at The Center for Physical Rehabilitation! Click here for more information! Updated 12 hrs ago Currents Southern Idaho Entertainment Celebrity couples who have called it quits in 2017 +3 Election 2016 Live Fact check: Claims about Trump's tax plan don't hold up Pets The most popular tiny dog breeds in America Today’s top pics: Harley and Sailor Jerry launch collaboration and more Your daily 6: Mississippi rising, a 1-eyed Derby contender and those topless Kate pix Today's Birthdays, May 3: Christina Hendricks Today In History, May 3: Kentucky Derby Samardzija throws gem, Giants beat Dodgers 4-1 in 11 innings Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Silfverberg scores in OT as Ducks top Oilers 4-3 in Game 4 Spurs rebound to beat Rockets 121-96, but lose Parker Latest Local Offers Are you in dire need of septic tank services? Idaho Hydro Jetting specializes in Septic Tank Pumping. Call today to learn more - 208-539-5060 Idaho Hydro Jetting specializes in pipe and drain cleaning. Idaho Hydro Jetting, Inc. 185 East 100 South, Jerome, ID 83338 208-539-5060 Currently Open Ads Gem State Roofing offers discounts to all veterans and service men and women! Call us today to schedule your free estimate! 208-941-4579 Gem State Roofing has been offering high quality, professional residential and commercial ro… Gem State Roofing 417 Remington St. , Garden City, ID 83714 208-736-9437 Ads SAVE $$$ on your next Kitchen Tune-Up! Click for specials or Call Kitchen Tune-Up today: 208-736-1036 Our Specials: Kitchen Tune-Up Serving the Twin Falls area, Sun Valley, Jerome County and Gooding County, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-736-1036 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO J.K. Rowling roasts Trump's third-person tweet New revelation in Alton Sterling case Don Lemon on press briefing: Better than 'SNL' Leaving Russia to come out Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Apple plans to borrow for its new "advanced manufacturing" fund despite having money overseas, because of the tax it would pay if it brought profit home, said CEO Tim Cook (R) Photo: AFP/File tech Apple starting U.S. tech manufacturing fund with $1 bil Today 11:40 am JST 0 Comments By Josh Edelson SAN FRANCISCO Apple chief Tim Cook announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the U.S. to do "advanced manufacturing," kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. "We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. "We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund." Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the U.S. last year -- buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company's devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the U.S. and plans to hire thousands more "in the future," according to Cook. "A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values," Cook said. "One of the thing you should do is give back." Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. "To invest in the U.S., we have to borrow," Cook said. "Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy." The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. "Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things," Cook said "You look to find common ground; if you don't show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn't do your cause any good." Taiwan's tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan's SoftBank. Foxconn is the world's largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a "pause" in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed "reports about future iPhones." Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple's success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple's quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings -- the vast majority held overseas -- jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the U.S. tax code -- it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. © 2017 AFP Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More Bringing new ideas to life in Tokyo An enjoyable lifestyle in an elegant modern residence. A true international community welcomes you warmly. MORI LIVING View More Tech Today 06:10 am JST 11 Comments Apple's dilemma: What to do with $256 bil cash pile Today 05:35 am JST 3 Comments Google Docs warns customers about spam with malicious links View all Popular Trump would be 'honored' to meet N Korea's Kim, if conditions right 76 Comments Japan's envoy urges S Korea to remove 'comfort woman' statues 52 Comments Abe unveils plan to amend Constitution, put it into force in 2020 50 Comments Japan wrestles over smoking ban as Olympics loom 54 Comments American passenger arrested for assaulting ANA employee 47 Comments View all National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers Microsoft Windows 10 vs Apple macOS Sierra By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 4, 2017 12:40 PM Early this week, Microsoft has unveiled yet another version of its current desktop operating system, the Windows 10 S. This now brings the total version count to three; the Windows 10 Home, Professional, and 10 S. While the new operating system is inherently different from the other versions, some actually ask if this strategy from Microsoft is all but necessary. For years, Mac users have come to know just one operating system, the Mac OS. Throughout the years, there have been multiple revisions of the OS, however, users still refer to it as the Mac OS. With the macOS Sierra 10.13 release looming on the horizon, many are still asking which of the two PC operating systems works the best in today’s computing world. Different flavors It is not really a big deal now to know that Microsoft released different versions of its operating system. Based on the kind of user, each version will have its own limits and capabilities set by Microsoft. To some non-technical individuals, this is always a struggle. Getting the best type of Windows operating system can sometimes lead to frustrations and most often ending in choosing the professional edition just to make sure everything is covered. Now that the Windows 10 S has entered the fray, the situation is a tad more complicated than before. As for the Mac, that is just it, the macOS Sierra. No other version, only upgrades to the previous iteration. This is quite simplistic especially for someone who does not want to be bothered with the intricacies of choosing the perfect operating system. Features Features support is not an issue with a Mac. Every macOS Sierra released has the same features across the board. On the Windows OS however, features are locked depending on the version that is being used. Windows 10 versions (via microsoft.com) For instance, in order to use more advanced administrative features for the Windows 10 OS, one must have access to a professional version of the OS. And as mentioned earlier, the introduction of the Windows 10 S only makes it a bit more complicated. For Windows 10 S, only apps coming from the Windows Store are allowed to run on the system. Anything that is not in the said store is not permitted and must upgrade to a professional version to run the application in question. In the macOS Sierra, apps that come from the App Store are treated the same as apps downloaded from the Internet. In hindsight, Microsoft’s new scheme for the Windows 10 S is a bit more secure since applications will need to be registered with Microsoft before it gets installed into a system. This means that Microsoft can check whether an app has malware codes within the app itself. Application support There is no denying that when it comes to apps, a Windows system is the king. Compared to Apple, Microsoft has far more developers making apps for the Windows 10 operating system. Because of this, there is a corresponding application for pretty much anything that is needed by a Windows user. The same cannot be said for the macOS Sierra. Although, throughout the years, Apple has invested a lot on its developers for the Mac ecosystem. Since the release of the first Mac many years ago, Apple has generated thousands of apps for the Mac OS. Windows 10 home screen (via microsoft.com) In addition to this, Apple has made the macOS Sierra even more palatable to users by including its suite of office applications with any Mac system. Although one can say that users are actually paying for the said apps since Apple charges a huge premium for its products. Updates Software updates are very important to a computer. It prevents malware and other computer viruses from wreaking havoc on a user’s computer. However, Microsoft somehow still has not perfected the way it does the updates. More often than not, every time a Windows computer boots, there is a high likelihood that it will update on the spot. Apple, on the other hand, has managed to make system updates less frustrating to its users. There are far fewer software updates on the macOS Sierra that will require a system reboot. Security Since the dawn of time, the Windows operating system has been plagued by thousands of viruses, malware, adware, and other malicious programs. This is why for anyone using a Windows PC, an anti-virus software is a must have. However, in recent years, with the introduction of the Windows Defender, Windows security has increased drastically. Nowadays, one can survive without a third-party anti-malware software just by being really careful. Nevertheless, the Windows ecosystem is still swarming with many nasty programs that have nefarious intentions towards its victims. On the other hand, the macOS Sierra has been relatively safe against the same issues that plagued Windows. There are not a lot of Mac systems that have third-party anti-virus software. Apple has a similar app for the Windows Defender and it is called the Gatekeeper. macOS Sierra home screen (via apple.com) The Gatekeeper is macOS Sierra’s malware checking app. It was introduced with the Mac OS X Mountain Lion back in 2012. Just like the Windows Defender, it filters applications downloaded from the Internet from harming the macOS ecosystem. Unfortunately, due to its increasing popularity, researchers have discovered that malware and viruses for the Mac has increased by more than 700 percent over the course of several years. While this may be true, it still does not warrant a third-party anti-virus software for a macOS Sierra system. Robustness Between the two operating systems, the macOS Sierra has been known to be quite robust and stable. This is perhaps one of the best selling points of the operating system. However, it is undeniable that Microsoft has progressed so much when it comes to improving the Windows 10. Users are experiencing fewer crashes and system freezes. At the end of the day, it all boils down to preference. It would take a macOS Sierra user a huge amount of effort to switch to the Windows 10 operating system. The same can be said for a Windows 10 user. Both operating systems have their own weaknesses and strengths and users will use those in choosing what is best for them. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Apple Siri Hardware Expected to be Unveiled During WWDC 2017 Microsoft Windows 10 vs Apple macOS Sierra May 4th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, macOS Sierra Details, Windows 10 Details, Windows 10 vs macOS Sierra Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Mobile Now Rolling Out On Adroid Ahead Of May 11 Release Date Overwatch Leak: Insider Claims Three New Heroes In 2017, Huge Event On May 24 [Rumor] Darksiders 3: Features It Should Borrow From The First Games Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 Mobile Now Rolling Out On Adroid Ahead Of May 11 Release Date In a surprising move, the Injustice 2 mobile game has now soft launched on Android... Little Nightmares Review: Frantic Horror, Haunting And Engaging From Start To End Little Nightmares is hauntingly mysterious and enjoyable from start to end. I jumped in... Horizon Zero Dawn Review: After Hype Impressions Guerilla Games’ Horizon Zero Dawn borrows plenty of features from the best of the... Final Fantasy 15’s MMO-Like Updates Have Brought In Cheaters Final Fantasy 15’s new online leaderboard function is currently plagued with cheaters. This MMO-like... Darksiders 3 Gameplay: What To Expect After years of waiting, fans of the Darksiders series have finally seen the third... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple steps up efforts to emphasize its economic impact It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs Post to Facebook Apple steps up efforts to emphasize its economic impact It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2p7yv8r {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple steps up efforts to emphasize its economic impact Michael Liedtke and Christopher S. Rugaber, Associated Press 10:06 p.m. ET May 3, 2017 On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. (Photo: Eric Thayer / Getty Images) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE San Francisco — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the fund in an interview on CNBC, but didn’t say how the fund will invest that money or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple’s billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire “thousands of employees, thousands more in the future” in the U.S., although he didn’t specify how quickly that will happen. Apple’s U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. Threats To Apple Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple’s costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. “They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.,” said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. “So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won’t be a good example.” Cook isn’t the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company’s hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. “There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States,” Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives “do not want to show up in a tweet.” Apple In The States Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of glitzy reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report followed years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company’s major contractors in China. The Wednesday report is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company’s Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple’s second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple’s decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. “It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people.” Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. App Economy The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple’s iPhone “ecosystem.” That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such “spillover” effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute, for instance, only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire “app economy” — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2p7yv8r TOP VIDEOS Rossetti architects design Ashe Stadium's retractable roof 4:58 Utica schools students study science in 3D 1:21 Innovative Vehicle Design Challenge 1:01 Crash test dummies brought to life at Humanetics 3:04 Mary Barra on the next generation Volt 13:47 Mary Sue Coleman says universities should be 'innovators' in economy 8:18 MSU plant geneticist explains his work 1:50
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 4 May 2017 | MYT 9:00 AM Seven reasons to get an iPhone now by nisha t. naidu By getting the iPhone (PRODUCT)RED, you will be contributing to a worthy cause. — Apple The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus arrived on our shores a few months ago but they are still two of the best smartphones to get. Not only do they feature cutting edge tech but you get to pick from over two million apps on the Apple App Store, making them the perfect tools for professionals, students and just about anyone.  If you are still sitting on the fence then we give you seven reasons why you need to get your hands on an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus now. 1. Get it in RED If you have yet to get your hands on an iPhone 7/7 Plus yet, now is the perfect opportunity to do so as you can grab the device in the special (PRODUCT)RED edition. The (PRODUCT)RED version of the iPhone introduced in late March is likely going to be the most unique iPhone users can purchase, at least for now. While this version of the iPhone is priced the same as a regular iPhone 7/7 Plus, every purchase of the (PRODUCT)RED iPhone contributes to the Global Fund to fight HIV and AIDS. So you wouldn’t just be getting a top-end device, you’d also be contributing to a worthy cause. 2. Two is better than one Apple’s new dual camera setup is exclusive to the iPhone 7/7 Plus, and allows users to take superb portrait photos.— Apple The iPhone 7 Plus comes with a longer battery life and bigger screen size but the most amazing feature yet is the dual camera setup. The iPhone 7 Plus features an f/1.8, 28mm wide-angle lens and an f/2.6 aperture 56mm telephoto lens on the back, allowing users to zoom in on their subject. The lenses are also optically stabilised so you don’t have to worry if you have shaky hands. Apple has also taken the dual lens setup a step further by allowing you to shoot photos with the popular bokeh effect where you get the subject in focus but the backgrounds are nicely blurred out, a feature previously only available on DSLR and digital cameras. 3. Home button With the iPhone 7 the usual home button has been replaced with a virtual button with haptic feedback which can be customised (so your finger feels like it’s still pressing a real button). This virtual button adds a new interactive experience to your iPhone as the haptic feedback comes into play during other events in your phone, such as refreshing your Facebook feed or pulling down your notification center. It also eliminates the possibility of a physical home button giving up on users. 4. Water resistant The new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus also has great news for users prone to butter fingers. Dropping your phone into water will not be a cause for worry thanks to the new IP67 rating. What exactly does the IP67 mean? The number six on the first digit indicates that it is totally protected against dust, while the seven on the second digit means that it is protected from immersion in water between depths of 15cm and 1 meter for up to 30 minutes. 5. Tax incentives You are eligible for a tax rebate when you buy a smartphone. — 123rf.com From 2017, spending your hard earned cash on a smartphone like the iPhone 7/7 Plus could actually get you cash back, thanks to the lifestyle tax relief announced in Malaysia’s Budget 2017 speech. The lifestyle tax relief of RM2,500 annually covers items such as purchase of printed newspapers, gymnasium membership fees and Internet subscriptions, as well as smartphones and tablets, and you can use the savings to get even more gadgets. 6. Stereo speakers The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now feature stereo speakers which are 50% louder than the previous models. You can now enjoy sharing videos with your friends without having to cup the speakers with your hand.  7. Zero Interest Installment Plan Let’s face it – a device like the iPhone 7 is not cheap but that doesn’t mean you have to break the bank to get one. U Mobile’s UPackage plan gives everyone a chance to own the latest iPhone 7 at RM88 per month and the iPhone 7 Plus for RM108 per month for the first 12 months with no interest or deposit required. Along with the device installment plan, UPackage comes bundled with a monthly postpaid plan for you to enjoy with your new iPhone. Users can choose between the i90 and i130 iPlans. Both plans come with free unlimited data for Facebook, Instagram and Twitter (App-Onz), music streaming (Music-Onz) and Waze. Additionally, the i90 comes with with 7GB for video streaming while the i130 comes with unlimited data for video streaming (Video-Onz). Both plans come with unlimited calls (Call-Onz). For more information on Upackage, click here. This article is brought to you by U Mobile. Tags / Keywords: Sponsored content Related Stories Related Stories The best of Korean wave How to use the P9 to get that Leica look The Art of Leica: Huawei P9 Get more mileage from roaming plans Huawei meets Hollywood with latest P9 smartphone You May Be Interested Tesla executives listed as officers at materials recycling firm Microsoft unveils Windows 10 S for its Surface laptops Can an AI burglar alarm predict break-ins before they happen? Bukit Gasing trees partially sawn by vandals, pose a danger Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Bitcoin soars above US$1,400 to all-time high Others Also Read Kicking out the jams for a blast All Blacks likely to target Itoje on Lions tour - Gatland The art of reimagining Kuala Lumpur advertisement Latest News Tesla plugs older Model S as new buyers turn to Model 3 Apple to create US$1bil US advanced manufacturing fund Germany sees rise in cybercrime, but reporting rates still low Spam campaign targets Google users with malicious link Kings and dragons drive Apple in China, even as iPhone sales stall Most Viewed in Tech Bitcoin soars above US$1,400 to all-time high Spam campaign targets Google users with malicious link Tesla plugs older Model S as new buyers turn to Model 3 Kings and dragons drive Apple in China, even as iPhone sales stall Apple to create US$1bil US advanced manufacturing fund Early PlayStation 5 to counter Xbox Scorpio: report Germany sees rise in cybercrime, but reporting rates still low Bethesda teases two new games for E3 2017 Islamic State militants developing own social media platform Why Netflix is winning the online piracy wars Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Security Printers Network Storage Cloud & Services Hardware Business Software Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Security Printers Network Storage Cloud & Services Hardware Business Software Home Hardware News Apple joins 'Made in America' trend with $1 billion fund to promote U.S. manufacturing Apple CEO Tim Cook announced the new initiative on CNBC’s "Mad Money" with Jim Cramer. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Susie Ochs Executive Editor, Macworld | May 3, 2017 7:40 PM PT Credit: CNBC.com More like this 6 key takeaways from Apple’s Q2 2017 earnings call What to expect from Apple’s Q4 2016 earnings call next week Tim Cook at D10: In his own words Video Is Snapchat building the iPhone killer? Manufacturing jobs (any jobs, really) are a hot-button topic these days, and our President has made no secret of his desire for big companies, and Apple in particular, to make more products here. In a Wednesday interview with Jim Cramer on CNBC’s Mad Money, Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that Apple is creating a fund to promote advanced manufacturing in the United States, and seeding it with $1 billion to start. CBNC.com has the video and a complete transcript of the wide-ranging conversation, and it’s worth a watch. These are the points that most piqued our interest—OK, and one that just made us laugh. On creating jobs Cramer asked Cook straight up, “You’re a huge company. What are you doing to create jobs?” Cook responded that Apple had created 2 million jobs in the U.S., a stat he’d also mentioned in Tuesday’s Q2 earnings call. But this time he broke it down, and naturally those workers aren’t all wearing Apple logos on their shirts. Still, a lot of them are: Cook spoke of 25,000 employees doing R&D; 6,000 at Apple’s facility in Austin, Texas; plus all the employees at Apple’s retail stores. That’s nowhere near 2 million, but Cook also counts U.S. suppliers who make components here, like Corning glass and 3M adhesives used in iPhones and iPads. Cook also gave Apple credit for its huge developer community. “And this developer community is almost 1.5 million people now,” he said. “These are folks from really small businesses, a party of one, to larger companies. And they’re writing apps that change the world. And we’re giving them the platform. And we’ve created an incredible store that allows them to sell their product in 155 countries in the world. It’s a really unbelievable empowering experience as a new business.” Apple already invests in the developer community in different ways, from its new developer center in India to smaller gestures like offering WWDC scholarships and letting newbie developers tinker with Xcode before paying for the Developer Program. Cook also told Cramer that Apple would be putting more money behind teaching people to code, with announcements to come this summer. (Bet on WWDC.) But Cook went on: “In the other category, manufacturing, we asked ourselves, ‘How can we get more people to do advanced manufacturing in the United States?’ And I’m proud to tell you that we’re creating an advanced manufacturing fund. We’re initially putting $1 billion in the fund.” The fund will invest in small American companies manufacturing products here. Cook said Apple would announce the first investment from the fund this month. Apple could focus on companies that make components, but we selfishly hope the fund’s investments leads to more advanced accessories for our favorite Apple gadgets, like smart bands for the Apple Watch, new kinds of HomeKit devices, or wireless charging accessories. On taxes When Cramer pointed out the $1 billion in seed money is a small slice of Apple’s $256 billion cash reserve, Cook pointed out that to get $1 billion in cash in the U.S., Apple would have to borrow some of it. “It’s $1 billion of our U.S. money, which we have to borrow to get. That’s another whole topic,” he said. The other topic, of course, is taxes. Most of Apple’s cash reserves are held overseas, and Trump has spoken about a deal to let American companies in a similar position bring some of that cash home while getting a break on the taxes. Cramer continued, “You know, President Trump’s saying, ‘we’ve got to give him repatriation. Who knows what he’ll do with all that money over there. We’ve got to give them the tax break.’ I mean, would you work closely with the President to get some of these things done so that you can do more job creation?” Cook’s response was affirmative, of course. “I actually think comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy. If you think about it, many, many companies now sell globally. If you sell globally, you earn money globally. If you earn money globally, you can’t bring it back into the United States unless you pay 35 percent plus your state tax. And you look at this and you go, ‘this is kind of bizarre.’ You want people to use this money in the United States to invest more.” “We are in a good position, but an unusual one,” Cook continued. “Our good position is we can borrow. And so to invest in the United States, we have to borrow. This doesn’t make sense on a broad basis, and the administration, you saw that they’re really getting this, and want to bring this back. And I hope that that comes to pass.” Hinting at new products? Apple doesn’t talk about products in the pipeline, but that doesn’t stop every interviewer from asking anyway. Cramer asked about everything. Tim demurred every time. “Car?” Cramer tried. “I can’t say,” Cook replied. “I can’t say that.” When Cramer asked about Health, Cook mentioned losing 30 pounds with the help of his Apple Watch, then Cramer quickly moved on to artificial intelligence. Cook: “I don’t want to get into details, but there’s a lot more there.” Cook himself then brought up augmented reality, but only to give his vague stock answer: “This is something we’re really excited about.” Cramer even played the Dad Card, pleading with Cook for the release date of the next iPhone, “because I want to get my daughter a new phone. I just need to know when.” (Nice try, Cramer—does any parent really want to get their kid a new phone? Or did he mean he wants his own new phone and will give his old one to the kid?) Cook told him to get an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Hardware Business Government Apple Tim Cook Susie is an Apple-obsessed writer and editor, thrill seeker, and burrito enthusiast. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
lifehacker Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Gear How to Clean Up and Optimize Your Sluggish Mac Thorin KlosowskiYesterday 1:30pm Filed to: mac tips macos apple os x downloads 83 9 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink GIF Illustration: Elena Scotti/GMG, photo: Shutterstock Your Mac is running a little slow these days. It takes forever to boot up. You have to delete something just to download that file attachment from Carla in accounting. Any time you stream a video it seems to lock up for a few seconds. Let’s fix all that. Update Your System Software Before we do anything, let’s make sure your Mac is up to date. Click the Apple icon > App Store, then click the Updates tab. Install any software updates you see here, including macOS updates. This might include security updates or small performance improvements for whatever version of macOS you’re running. Advertisement Of course, Apple’s operating systems have been free for the last several iterations, so if you want to also update to Mavericks, Yosemite, El Capitan, or Sierra, you can usually do so without any knock on your Mac’s performance. This is completely optional and up to you, but make sure you are at least running the most recent version of whichever operating system you’ve landed on. Get Rid of Old Apps GIF Generally speaking, cleaning up your Mac is often about deleting all the cruft you’ve accumulated over the years that causes your storage space to fill up. If you’re low on space or folders just feel too cluttered, it’s time to delete old junk. Personally, I like to start by removing apps and then move onto deleting files. It’s very easy to glance at a list and know whether you still use an app or not. Advertisement Open up your Applications folder, then sort the apps by size, with the largest at the top. If you have a huge application installed that you never use, like iMovie or Garageband, get rid of them. Remember, you can always download anything you got from the Mac App Store again. If you purchased software from a developer, make sure you still have the license key somewhere before you delete it, just in case you need it again at some point in the future. We’re all trained to uninstall Mac apps by dragging an icon into the trash from the Applications folder, but doing so tends to leave random files associated with that app across your system. These orphan files are rarely substantial in size, but it’s clutter nonetheless. Instead, it’s best to use a utility that’ll also track down that orphaned files. I like App Cleaner for this because it’s free and easy to use. Click and drag an application you want to delete into the App Cleaner window, then App Cleaner hunts down and removes any files associated with that application. Clear Out Your Storage Space GIF Chances are, once you clear out a bunch of dumb old apps you no longer use, you’ll have a lot more storage space. That’s not the end of the process though.If you’re working with small storage, you need to be more vigilant. Next up, it’s time to dig around for weird old files you no longer need. Sponsored If you’re running macOS Sierra, you can easily find and remove large files using the built-in storage manager. If you’re not on Sierra, I like the $10 hard drive analyzer, DaisyDisk. DaisyDisk analyzes your system, finds massive files, then lets you delete those files right from the app. Launch DaisyDisk and it shows you a graph with all your files based on type. This way, you can track down anything that’s suspiciously large, like some random video you needed one time, then delete it. DaisyDisk is idiot-proof and automatically hides system files. Since you can preview files in the app, it’s pretty hard to remove an important file on accident. Even still, before you do this, make sure you have backups of any important files. Go through your very large files and delete anything you no longer need. Depending on how you tend to store files or if you have different backups, this might be a few downloads you forgot about, or it might be entire directories of files you no longer need. For example, as you can see in the GIF above, I can follow a trail of storage hogs all the way down to my email application’s hidden attachments folder. If you don’t want to shell out the $10 for DaisyDisk and you’re not using macOS Sierra, Disk Inventory X is free and does the job as well, it just doesn’t look nearly as pretty as other options. Clean Your Cluttered Hard Drive with macOS Sierra's New Storage ManagerClean Your Cluttered Hard Drive with macOS Sierra's New Storage ManagerClean Your Cluttered Hard Drive with macOS… One of the new, handy features in macOS Sierra takes care of something you probably don’t think…Read more Read more Optimize Your System Next up, it’s time to clear up all the random cache files, histories, and other junk that’s wasting space and slowing down your system. Historically, we’ve long been fans of OnyX for this task. Advertisement When you first open up OnyX, it’s a bit confusing because you’ll see multiple tabs with a lot of different check boxes. Most of us don’t need to worry about the majority of this though. For a quick cleansing and optimization of your Mac, click the Automation tab. The default settings here are pretty safe for everyone, though some people may want to uncheck the box next to Web browser cache and history if you don’t want to lose specific data from your browser. When you’re happy with your selections, click the Execute button. If you prefer a more manual approach, click the Cleaning tab instead of Automation, then select the specific data to purge. If you don’t like OnyX for whatever reason, CCleaner does a similar thing and is easier to use. They’re both functionally the same, but OnyX has far more options for advanced users and can do everything for free out of the box without any additional purchases. Clean Up Everything Else Finally, let’s clear out a few other places the above options might have missed. Advertisement Empty your trash: You do empty your trash now and again, right? If not, Ctrl-click the trash can in the dock and select Empty Trash. Clear out your Downloads folder: Most browsers save every file you download to the appropriately named Downloads folder. You should clear that out sometimes. Open up Finder, then head to username/Downloads. Take a look at all the files in here, delete anything you don’t need, and move everything you do want to keep to a safer place. Clean up your desktop: Do you have a lot of files on your desktop? First off, you’re a monster. Second, that’s probably slowing down your computer. Clean it up. Find folders for those files to live in and delete files you don’t need. Remove old disk images: Macs use disk images to install files, which makes for easy installation, but also means that some of us tend to have random disk images all over the place. Open up Finder, click on All My Files, then type “disk manager” into the search box to locate any of those DMG files hidden throughout your Mac. Clear out old Mail downloads: If you use Apple Mail, attachments and other random files can fill your hard drive up fast without you realizing it. Open up Spotlight (press Command+Space), then type in “Mail Downloads.” Tap Enter on the folder that pops up. This folder might have hundreds of items. These are all the various attachments Mail has downloaded over the years. Assuming you’re not using a POP email server, which doesn’t retain old copies after they’re downloaded, you can safely delete every file inside this folder and they will remain on email server. Clean up your login items: If your Mac is slow to start, it might be because it’s attempting to launch 20 apps at once. Open System Preferences, then select Users & Groups. Click the Login Items tab, then remove anything that you don’t need or want to launch at startup. Consider an SSD (if you don’t have one already): If you have an older Mac with a hard drive, then you’ll see the biggest performance gains from installing a solid state drive. SSDs allow for much faster data transfer, which improves boot time and application launch speed. It’s seriously very easy to do and with a MacBook Pro you can typically replace an old SuperDrive that you likely no longer use with the SSD, giving you two types of storage. If you’re unwilling or unable to do all this stuff on your own, there’s CleanMyMac, which for $40 does pretty much everything I listed above all in one app. CleanMyMac can fully remove apps, do general performance maintenance, and it’ll track down a variety of large files for easy removal. CleanMyMac tends to have a mixed reception amongst users, but How-To Geek and Macworld both give it the okay. Personally, I prefer the a la carte methods listed above though. Recommended Stories How to Make a Bootable macOS Sierra USB Install Drive Should I Upgrade to macOS Sierra? In Defense of the Clean Install Thorin Klosowski thorin@lifehacker.com @kingthor Senior Writer, Lifehacker Reply83 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker 5 Ways Not to Hate Your Husband After Kids Yesterday 11:21am Gizmodo Wow, Brad Pitt Is Paranoid as Fuck Yesterday 11:55am Lifehacker Clean Your Cluttered Hard Drive with macOS Sierra's New Storage Manager 9/26/16 1:00pm Recent from Thorin Klosowski 1 26 34.2K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski How to Opt Into YouTube's New Look, Including the New Dark Mode Tuesday 12:44pm 35 43.7K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski The Carry-On, Pencil and Pen Lovers Bag Monday 8:00pm 3 12 23.7K Lifehacker · Thorin Klosowski The Best Tools to Archive Web Pages Monday 3:30pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Home Weather 62° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Apple to invest $1B in U.S. manufacturing fund Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY , KHOU 8:47 PM. CDT May 03, 2017 Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, visits an Apple store where third grade children from PS 57 James Weldon Johnson Leadership Academy are learning how to code through Apple's 'Hour of Code' workshop in New York City. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SAN FRANCISCO — Apple CEO Tim Cook says his company will invest $1 billion in a U.S. manufacturing fund to boost American jobs, the latest Silicon Valley company to attempt to build bridges to the new administration by responding to President Trump's call to put America first. Trump criticized Apple during the presidential election for manufacturing the iPhone and other products overseas. Amazon pledged to create 100,000 U.S. jobs over the next two years. Intel said it would invest $7 billion in an Arizona chip-making plant. Cook told CNBC in an interview Wednesday that the new fund’s first investment would be in a U.S. venture later this month. He did not name the venture. "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them," Cook said. The investment would be the first of several to come from Apple this year, which include increasing the size of Apple's U.S. employee base by thousands and propelling the creation of more mobile apps by teaching people to code, Cook said. Earlier this year Apple said it was investing $1 billion in the SoftBank Vision Fund,  a new fund that will work on developing new, strategically important, technologies. "I think with each administration in every country in the world, there are things you disagree and things you agree, and you look to find common ground and try to influence the things you don't," he said. "If you don't show up, I think that's the worst scenario because then you're quiet and this doesn't do your cause any good or your point of view any good." During the interview with CNBC, Cook also urged the Trump administration to hand tax breaks to companies that repatriate cash from overseas. Apple currently has $239 billion overseas. "To invest in the U.S. we have to borrow. This doesn’t make sense on a broad basis," he said. © 2017 USA TODAY CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS KHOU Live Web Desk Fatal accident shuts down I-45 at Cypresswood Wednesday morning forecast HPD: Father opens fire on home invasion suspects Deacon accused of child sex abuse Why aren't there tornado sirens in Houston? Verify: Is Joanna Gaines leaving TV? Warning about the 'Bass Pro Challenge' Family stuck in flooded truck meets hero who saved baby's life Shuttered hospital attracts vandals, thieves More Stories UT stabbing victim recovering at home in Katy May. 3, 2017, 5:22 p.m. Muslim city council candidate feels targeted online May. 3, 2017, 10:53 p.m. Father of man accused in racially-motivated attack… May. 3, 2017, 6:27 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Motorcyclist struck by vehicle suffers 'serious injuries' Wednesday Wednesday May 3, 2017 at 7:23 PM May 3, 2017 at 9:25 PM Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker APPLE VALLEY — A motorcyclist suffered serious injuries after being struck by a vehicle on Wednesday evening, authorities said. Reports of a crash involving a motorcycle and a vehicle at the intersection of Central and Powhatan roads were first received at 6:14 p.m. Wednesday. Details are still scarce, but Apple Valley Sheriff’s Sgt. Jeff Allison said the motorcyclist was taken to a trauma center for treatment. Allison said deputies arrived within minutes of receiving the report and found that a person riding a Harley Davidson motorcycle had been struck by a Honda sedan. The exact circumstances of how the crash occurred are still unknown. Apple Valley Fire Protection District Chief Sid Hultquist said the motorcyclist suffered “serious injuries” from the crash. The motorcyclist was airlifted to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment. No other injuries were reported. Allison said several sheriff’s units are still out on scene investigating the crash. The intersection of Central and Powhatan roads was briefly blocked for the investigation. This story is developing and more information will be updated as it is received. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
May 3, 2017 | 78° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact Associated Press Posted May 03, 2017 May 3, 2017 Updated May 3, 2017 4:19pm ASSOCIATED PRESS Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. in October. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. SAN FRANCISCO >> Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. Today, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the fund in an interview on CNBC, but didn’t say how the fund will invest that money or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple’s billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire “thousands of employees, thousands more in the future” in the U.S., although he didn’t specify how quickly that will happen. Apple’s U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple’s costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. “They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.,” said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. “So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won’t be a good example.” Cook isn’t the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company’s hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. “There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States,” Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives “do not want to show up in a tweet.” APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of glitzy reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report followed years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company’s major contractors in China. Today’s report is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company’s Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple’s second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple’s decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. “It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people.” Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple’s iPhone “ecosystem.” That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such “spillover” effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute, for instance, only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire “app economy” — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Celebrated former Wahine volleyballer to join UH coaching staff Dueling votes kill rail funding bill Men’s volleyball moves on to face Ohio State in the semifinals Ige rejects 4 mayors’ request to extend legislative session to deal with rail Phony concert promoter gets 8 years in prison Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with $1 bn By Afp Published: 22:37 EDT, 3 May 2017 | Updated: 22:37 EDT, 3 May 2017 e-mail Apple plans to borrow for its new "advanced manufacturing" fund despite having money overseas, because of the tax it would pay if it brought profit home, said CEO Tim Cook (R) Apple chief Tim Cook announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do "advanced manufacturing," kicking it off with a billion dollars. Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year. "We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC. "We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund." Cook pointed out that apple spent more than $50 billion in the US last year -- buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company's devices and more. Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more "in the future," according to Cook. "A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values," Cook said. "One of the thing you should do is give back." Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform. "To invest in the US, we have to borrow," Cook said. "Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy." The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple. - Showing up - Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements. "Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things," Cook said "You look to find common ground; if you don't show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn't do your cause any good." Taiwan's tech giant Foxconn in January announced a $7 billion investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan's SoftBank. Foxconn is the world's largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony. Apple this week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a "pause" in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed "reports about future iPhones." Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. It is a sign of Apple's success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple's quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings -- the vast majority held overseas -- jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code -- it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Take that, haters! Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation after body shamers attacked her Hitting back Pregnant Beyonce looks exhausted while furniture shopping in LA with mini-me daughter Blue Ivy as she prepares for the arrival of her twins I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Starting afresh 'I lick Nutella off a loaded teaspoon': Melanie Sykes, 46, shows off her rippling abs in an extreme plunging cut-out bikini for fitness photoshoot Entire Queen's household is called to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today as speculation mounts over reason Mark Wright lands massive TV role in the US... as his wife Michelle Keegan prepares to jet off for up to eight months to film new scenes for Our Girl Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two Inside the flight from hell that ended their marriage: Angelina Jolie told Brad Pitt to 'sober up' and 'secretly sent kids to a hotel' after jet landed Blue bloods! Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out and about in NYC The sisters were heading out to dinner in the Big Apple Working the bump! Beyonce shows off her growing baby belly in new video on Instagram Beyonce would like to remind the world she is pregnant with twins She's got some front! Busty Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage as she steps out in Hollywood... after revealing she has trust issues after Paris robbery 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later 'They moved in together': Kristen Stewart 'shacks up' with model Stella Maxwell after five months of dating Sharing an apartment Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry bears striking resemblance to 'inspiration' Kylie Jenner as she shows off her VERY full pout in Instagram snap   star in a new selfie. Peep show! Ariel Winter flashes cleavage in eye-popping dress for Modern Family screening Season Eight finale screening 'I think about having children': Naomi Campbell, 46, discusses her desire to welcome a baby 'with the help of science' as she recalls addiction issues 'It can never be the same again!' Megan McKenna and Chloe Meadows clash in TOWIE season finale... while she flirts with ex Pete Wicks 'Celebrating her life': Scott Baio reunites with Happy Days cast at Erin Moran memorial after controversially attributing her cancer death to drugs Roxanne Pallett dramatically leaves musical The Wedding Singer and 'flees the country'... four months before the UK tour is scheduled to end 'Until next time': Pregnant Serena Williams highlights her growing baby bump in grey dress as she leaves NYC after stunning at Met Gala Jennifer Garner treats son Samuel to a healthy snack... as estranged husband Ben Affleck moves out of the family home after filing for divorce Pregnant Danielle Lloyd dons plunging mini dress as she links arms with fiancé Michael O'Neill on her way to Megan McKenna's restaurant launch Bumper party! Lingerie-clad Ashley Graham twerks booty-to-booty with male friend in BTS Snapchat video She's an outspoken advocate for curves 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later Is he in-Zayn? Perrie Edwards' footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain lets slip that he is a 'fan' of her ex fiancé's music Likes One Direction  Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour for a sushi date with a colorful Hailey Baldwin in New York City They're two of fashion's current It girls She's heavenly! Kourtney Kardashian looks gorgeous as she joins friends at a late night church meeting in Hollywood Met up with friends Susanna and Piers are eating up their rivals in the battle for breakfast TV: Presenting duo credited with helping Good Morning Britain soar past 1m viewers Three Musketeers! Kate Wright poses with TOWIE co-stars Amber Dowding and Georgia Kousoulou for her last ever filming snap in VERY busty swimwear Diamonds, trips to Paris, and chocolate in bed: Kirk and Anne Douglas recount Elizabeth Taylor's love story with Mike Todd in their new memoir All back on the Orient Express! Remake of the classic has a stellar cast including Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dame Judi Dench and Sir Kenneth Branagh  Kim Kardashian is on the hunt for a new member of her glam squad...as she launches reality television competition Looking for talent 'Venice is not for us...!' Sam Faiers turns her nose up at $2.3m property in Mummy Diaries... as she reveals Hollywood Walk Of Fame ambitions On the attack! Rob Kardashian compares sister Kylie Jenner, 19, to an 88-year-old grandmother in latest dig at the reality princess Becks' birthday feast: David shares picture of his gammon, mushy peas, chips and pineapple as marks his 42nd birthday with his 'dinner of choice'  United front! Hilary Duff has friendly outing with her ex Mike Comrie as she hugs him during lunch with their son Luca in Los Angeles Cute and casual  TOWIE star Megan McKenna sports a silky figure-enhancing trouser suit as she's supported by best pal Amber Turner at the launch of her restaurant  She's still got IT! Helena Christensen is gorgeous in sexy off-the-shoulder black dress at NYC charity gala Looking youthful Sofia Vergara rocks stunning black and white dress as she shows off her enviable body at Modern Family screening Looked ravishing  'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Lea Michele talks finding hope in new music four years after death of love Cory Monteith Tragic passing 'F*** it!' Chelsea Handler tells fans she skipped her workout before hitting the red carpet in a revealing silk dress Late night host  'Back in LA!': Svelte Tara Reid celebrates returning home by flashing the flesh in a revealing bikini snapsnot  Looking good Bet he always draws first slice! Sylvester Stallone shows off Rambo physique at 70 as he boasts eating pizza is a 'pretty good habit' Jeepers peepers! Evan Rachel Wood wears dramatic eye make-up as she shows off toned midriff while coordinating with fiance Zach Villa 'Not long now!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley flaunts washboard stomach in bikini throwback snap... as she counts down the days until summer 'They have a mutual love for each other': Ed Sheeran performs private concert for adoring 10-year-old superfan with a rare brain condition 'Get your s**t together': First trailer for Defenders sees Luke Cage, Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist unite to take on Sigourney Weaver Gamora and Drax! Zoe Saldana sizzles in sheer-paneled dress as she cuddles up to Dave Bautista at New York screening of Guardians Of The Galaxy 'What the heck is tartear sauce John?' Masterchef judge's bizarre pronunciation of condiment baffles the internet Unimpressed Those are some kinky boots! Chrissy Teigen wears racy thigh-high footwear as she dines al fresco with her mom in Beverly Hills 'My cellulite does not define my worth!': Model Ashley Graham poses NUDE for V Magazine as she reveals she was 'disgusted' with her body as a teen Kate Moss' daughter Lila Grace lands first fashion campaign at 14 despite her supermodel mother's extreme lengths to shelter her from the limelight 'Blink and you'll miss her!' Upset Kate Wright fans slam TOWIE producers for 'not giving a f**k' that she's leaving the show... as she only appears in ONE scene  Rihanna flashes some skin in kinky boots and oversize trench coat as she visits Roc Nation headquarters in NYC Opted for an understated look after the Met Gala 'This isn't a fight, it's a grudge': Bethenny Frankel skips Ramona Singer's surprise 60th birthday party on RHONY Tensions continue She's two faced! Rita Ora steps out in New York wearing a bizarre ensemble including a baggy jumper with the image of HERSELF plastered across it 'He did well there!': Niall Horan congratulates 1D bandmate Liam Payne for welcoming baby Bear with 'beautiful' girlfriend Cheryl 'It was like death': Brad Pitt admits drinking too much in run-up to 'self-inflicted' divorce and says he's an 'emotional retard' who 'hit the lottery' but threw it away 'James Bond is part of the fabric of our society': Orlando Bloom reveals he'd love the chance to take over from Daniel Craig as 'very English' 007  Kim Zolciak makes crude Twitter joke offering up daughter Brielle, 20, for sexual favours in exchange for meeting John Legend Don't Be Tardy star 'Every body is beautiful': Model Iskra Lawrence puts on a busty display as she shows off her curves in racy un-retouched underwear pictures American shine story! Selma Blair looks ready for summer in short dress and straw hat in Beverly Hills Summer hasn't officially started but it feels like it Adele's wealth surges by £40m in just one year: Release of third album helps singer boost her worth to £125m  Big fortune James Stunt backfires with another £900,000 loss for his art-dealing company Stunt Acquisitions... which is now worth £1.89 million, Loss of profits It's raining men! Blac Chyna gets close to hot guys while showing off bra in lace outfit in Miami... as Rob Kardashian is nowhere to be seen Dancing Queen: Professional dancer Shirley Ballas 'selected for second Strictly audition after becoming favourite to replace  Len Goodman' They're pretty Little Foxes! Laura Linney and Cynthia Nixon wear colorful frocks at Tony Awards nominees reception in NYC Clashing prints 'I grew up with a learning disability': Social media star Olivia Palermo reveals secret childhood struggle made it harder for her to become fashion's 'It' girl Looking fur a wave! Liam Hemsworth bares his chest and a tuft of hair as he walks to Malibu beach before suiting up for a surf in the California sun . 'What do you feed those arms?!': Chris Hemsworth flexes his MASSIVE guns during a training session while filming the new Avengers movie EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Prince William's comparison of Kate's topless pictures and Diana's death seems uncomfortable now Alanis Morissette's ex-manager gets SIX YEARS in prison for stealing $7million from the 'Ironic' singer and other stars Ex-business manager 'I did get close': Ryan Seacrest reveals he has never popped the question as Kelly Ripa grills him about being a serial bachelor Host was grilled 'So proud!': Jersey Shore vet Snooki shares photo of her daughter Giovanna, two, heading to her first day of school with brother Lorenzo All grown up Babymoon in paradise! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shows off her small bump in black bikini as they soak up the sun in Maui PICTURED: Kendall Jenner gets cosy with new man A$AP Rocky as she rests on his lap inside the Met Gala... before dancing up a storm with Bella Hadid 'I'm shaking': Nervous Michelle Heaton publicly unveils hysterectomy and C-section scars as she bravely sports bikini live on Loose Women Emotional moment No A-Rod, no smile! Jennifer Lopez does not look amused as she puts in long hours on Shades Of Blue after weeks of hot dates with new beau 'That's close to being in the womb': Geoffrey Rush, 65, jokes over footage of his 27-year-old self as a clown Flashback to his younger years Age-defying Salma Hayek looks fabulous at 50 as she showcases her curves in fitted lace dress to promote How To Be A Latin Lover in Mexico City 'Bear is a splendid name and I'm delighted to have a new viewer!' Judge Rinder thirlled that Cheryl and Liam Payne have been watching his show Hollywood lets its hair down: Braless Halle Berry, twerking Gisele and gyrating Emily Ratajkowski show what REALLY goes on inside the Met Gala Facing the music! Danny DeVito and Jeff Goldblum team up for Amazon sitcom about a rock duo forced to reunite Once iconic music duo EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Sober Brad Pitt works through the night on art project as he attempts to rebuild life after it was 'ripped apart' by his 'boozing' Don't rain on her parade! Victoria Beckham doesn't let the drizzle cramp her style as she arrives in Paris... with her umbrella-carrying bodyguard How Britain got its own Bomb - thanks to a Labour government: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV   Britain's Nuclear Bomb  Ouch! Blac Chyna fails to realize breast implant scar is visible as she shows off underboob in tiny pink bikini top during Miami break Under the knife PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 'It wasn't as straight forward as first thought': RHOC star Dawn Ward is guided out of hospital by husband Ashley after hysterectomy 'This woman has a questionable background': Drake denies getting a former porn star pregnant during a fling in late January Mel B 'secures five-year restraining order against former nanny Lorraine Gilles... after accusing German beauty of harassing her' Legal action 'The editor of this magazine is an idiot': Sofia Vergara hits back at cover story that claims she is divorcing Joe Manganiello Lashing out Kendall Jenner was paid $250,000 for a single Instagram - but no-one ordered toilets until last month: Inside the bad planning of the Fyre Festival EXCLUSIVE 'My boobs don't define me sexually': Ashley James on THAT slut-shaming incident, her battle with body image and why she's 'tragically single' 9021-0UT! Eden Sassoon says she 'feels free' as she announces she's leaving The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Moving on 'I was a piece of sh**': Chris Rock confesses he was not a 'good husband' to wife of 20 years Malaak and it took time to recover from divorce Just swan-ning around! Love Island's Olivia Buckland wears eye-popping white bikini with fiancé Alex Bowen in Cape Verde... before indulging in sweet kiss 'You're forced to believe in it': Kendra Wilkinson says Marriage Boot Camp therapy helped her relationship with her estranged mother  . Where did they all Go-mez? Selena is the last one left sitting with beau The Weeknd as they nearly clear the table mid-meal at Met Gala 'Happy mama!' Selena Gomez's mom gives new boyfriend The Weeknd her approval saying the couple are the picture of 'equal love' . Baby joy! Joseph Gordon-Levitt steps out with pregnant wife Tasha McCauley as they prepare to welcome second child Not long to go Back in the dating game! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen with Lady Nadia Essex outside Catch in LA Keira Knightley is the picture of sophistication in black slip dress and gold heels as she cosies up to husband James Righton at Chanel Cruise 2018 show  'I'm in agony!' Lauren Goodger takes to Snapchat to reveal her pain at intense training regime in quest to reach size 'small' Training woes Explicit drama Versailles is set to shock with ANOTHER graphic sex scene as Madame de Montespan strips off to romp with King Louis XIV One's on Facebook! She's 91 but Royal author BRIAN HOEY reveals the Queen sends texts, has smart phone and iPad - and social media account Coordinated couple! Joe Jonas and Game Of Thrones beauty Sophie Turner match in double denim while arm-in-arm in New York Young love Liv Tyler's adorable children Lula Rose and Sailor strike a pose they join Candice Swanepoel's son Anacã in fun new shoot for fashion giant Gap 'Hi, 13 Reasons Why!' Amy Schumer reminisces about teenage bullying and her seriously 'sweaty' Met Gala gown Had 'curly bangs' Going for laughs! Joshua Jackson has a mystery woman in fits of laughter as they hug it out after low-key lunch date  New friend  Back to work! Mila Kunis wears holiday apron on Bad Mom's Christmas set as she makes first film since welcoming son Dimitri five months ago Controversy on the catwalk: Met Gala honoree Comme des Garçons is criticized for not using a single black model in over TWENTY years Jennifer Lopez and Katy Perry to be featured in James Corden's Carpool Karaoke primetime special Head to head Vin Diesel wishes co-star Dwayne Johnson a happy 45th birthday following on-set 'feud' last year Said rift was 'blown out of proportion' Emmerdale's controversial rape scene sparks 99 Ofcom complaints following criticism that it was 'too disturbing' to air pre-watershed 'She has so much f*****g courage': Hugh Jackman proclaims love for wife of 21 years in a gushing interview - just months after shutting down divorce rumors Camel-flage! Jennifer Lawrence shoots scenes for Russian spy film in tan coat, a tight black polo neck and a blonde wig at London Heathrow Airport Trailer for Becoming Cary Grant documentary unveils never-seen footage of the late star who used LSD to combat childhood trauma When the wind gets in the way! Dakota Johnson's hair whips in her face as she models chic black suit while leaving NYC hotel Windswept Moray Watson who starred alongside Catherine Zeta-Jones in Darling Buds of May has died aged 88  Played the Brigadier in the 1990s drama Something to smile about! Mad Men vet Elisabeth Moss beams in colorful mini as news breaks her show The Handmaid's Tale has been renewed 'We're together when it counts': Mariah Carey admits she is close to ex Nick Cannon for sake of kids... amid rumors of romantic reunion Her Hero Springing into brunch! Reese Witherspoon flashes her legs in denim skirt and bright top after morning workout session Think pink Fans go wild as cheeky reality star Stephen Bear Photoshops snap of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son Bear  Bears a resemblance Dressed to kill: Jo Whiley on her wardrobe treasure and her fashion faux pas BBC Radio 2 DJ spills the beans about her dress sense  Kate reveals she and William keep a menagerie of animals including a lamb and FIVE chickens as she joins inner-city kids at a farm in Gloucester Silly Sarah! Miss Silverman flashes her black bra in semi-sheer baby doll dress with thigh highs as she hits Hulu Upfronts in NYC Quirky Spring blues? Kaley Cuoco looks strained as she carries a mini dress into NYC hotel while holding hands with beau Karl Cook Sports casual Lovely in lace! Zoe Saldana dazzles in sheer white top as she stops by NYC radio show ahead of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 release Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth and TOWIE's George Harrison show off their sensational figures in VERY skimpy bikinis as they live it up by the pool in Barcelona She's a real team player: Footie fans Princess Charlene and Prince Albert don matching scarves as they cheer on Monaco in UEFA semi-final 'We've been friends for years': Hailee Steinfeld keeps it casual cool as she DENIES dating Justin Bieber in radio interview No romance here 'Being called fat and ugly hurts': Ed Balls reveals he's been a victim of body shaming... as he admits he's 'thickened out' since Strictly 'I couldn't ask for a more perfect man!': Coronation Street's Sonia Ibrahim is engaged to long-term boyfriend following romantic proposal  Cara Delevingne undergoes ANOTHER transformation as she dons pink wig for latest movie... after showcasing shaved head at the MET Gala 'The response has been absolutely incredible': Hulu announces The Handmaid's Tale with Elisabeth Moss has been renewed  'He was excited and positive': Home movies show Heath Ledger was in a happy place in days before his death, documentary maker reveals  'I've never felt so stupid in my life': Chris Rock told Michelle Obama she could join The View or Housewives of Atlanta after leaving the White House Rising star Ellie Bamber oozes glamour in chic top and saucy thigh-high split skirt as she leads arrivals for Chanel's era-defining Cruise show in Paris A star is born! Paris Jackson to make her film debut alongside Joel Edgerton in 'untitled' project directed by actor's brother Nash Model family! Supermodel Doutzen Kroes steps out in a laid back look with her stylish husband and children for casual stroll Family fun Who says blondes have all the fun? Amber Rose looks unrecognisable as she swaps signature buzz cut for glossy brunette curls at NYLON party Give us a wave! Youthful Tom Cruise looks windswept as he dazzles fans with a cheeky grin on set of Mission Impossible 6 in Paris 'I was so touched': Siobhan Fahey admits she burst into tears when she was asked to join Bananarama's reunion tour 30 years after she quit the band Alexa Chung cuts a casual figure in a belted trenchcoat as she enjoys a solo stroll after romantic 24 hours with boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard at Met Gala 'My biggest remaining goal is to be a mother': Single actress Lily Collins, 28, shares her desire to have children Phil Collins' daughter wants a family Now THAT's a megawatt smile! Hailey Baldwin copies Katy Perry by adding TOOTH jewelry to her pearly whites in advance of this year's Met Gala Will Young's 'X-rated images' surface online after singer admits to sharing intimate snaps of his manhood... and Twitter goes wild Viral Lena Dunham 'recuperating at home' after ER visit due to endometriosis Golden Globe winner was forced to leave the Costume Institute Ball  'All hell will be unleashed': Idris Elba's mysterious Gunslinger is on a desperate quest to save humanity in the first official trailer for The Dark Tower Back to her ripped jeans! Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure during solo shopping outing in NYC after looking like a bombshell at Met Gala Storm-y seas! Tallia turns heads in racy fishnet bodysuit and towering heels as she heads to Jersey boat show hand-in-hand with little brother Johnnie Hitting the town in brown! Zoe Saldana stuns in body-clinging chestnut midi for GMA appearance in New York Looked gorgeous in a chestnut colour Ivanka Trump accessorises her leg-baring outfit with heels and a handbag from her own line - after insisting she will NOT use her role to promote her book Don't cha wish you were partying with me? Nicole Scherzinger keeps her look casual chic in cropped vest and wide-legged trousers for girls' night out 'I am not interested in female characters that are objects': Jessica Chastain reveals her desire to play roles that are 'the subject of a script' 'It's become a thing': Kendall Jenner says the annual star-studded bathroom selfie is her favourite Met Gala moment  Above all the glamour Met be love! Joe Jonas cheekily grabs girlfriend Sophie Turner's bottom as they step out after PDA-packed appearance at star-studded Gala Such an honor: Singer Michael Buble set to receive award from Canada's National Arts Centre... following son Noah's cancer treatment 'Happy one year, I love you!': Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle celebrates anniversary with beau Michael Kopech by posting gushing tributes The morning after: Alexa Chung and beau Alexander Skarsgard haul their luggage through NYC after their glam date night at the Met Gala 'Me in a bikini is not evil': Saira Khan reveals sexual abuse she suffered at 13 drove her to strip off for unairbrushed Loose Women shoot  'Momo or Bean?' Hilary Duff adopts a new pug chihuahua mix puppy and asks fans what to call the adorable fur baby  New pup 'He is just truly amazing!' Kim Zolciak updates fans on son Kash's recovery after he was attacked by a dog and needed surgery 'Very traumatic injuries' 'She is determined to have a happy and healthy child': Pregnant Ferne McCann 'taking time out' after ex Arthur Collins is charged over nightclub acid attack 'I have so many body issues': Nadia Sawalha 'snuck off to the pub' during unairbrushed shoot... and admits her daughter's reaction left her in tears Sports Illustrated's Joy Corrigan sets pulses racing as she strips down to skimpy bottoms for sizzling topless shoot on Miami beach Swimsuit model 'Love is everything!' Olivia Culpo packs on the PDA with her NFL beau Danny Amendola during romantic New York City stroll Loved up Alec Baldwin dances with daughter Carmen on Ellen... before reuniting with Ireland for family Disneyland trip He and his princess began bouncing Two ill-fated romances, one chart-topping boy band and a VERY public mental breakdown: As the Mickey Mouse Club returns, what became of the child stars? Suits you! Queen Letizia looks professional in charcoal grey as the former news anchor attends a journalism seminar in Spain  Tennis ace Novak Djokovic's pregnant wife Jelena shows off her burgeoning baby bump in tight floral dress as she watches him train in Spanish sun Robbie Williams' builders told to pay nearly £5k for making too much noise at star's £17m mansion after Led Zeppelin guitar great Jimmy Page complained Caught in his web? Tobey Maguire looks in high spirits as he enjoys day out with mystery leggy blonde... six months after marriage split  'Wow, this is a tough business!': Jessica Biel dishes about the challenge of running her kid-friendly restaurant Au Fudge a year after its debut Jessica Chastain showcases her incredible curves in plunging green figure-hugging wrap dress as she attends Miss Sloane photocall in Spain REVEALED: Barack Obama 'desperately proposed TWICE to his white girlfriend before Michelle - and still kept seeing her while dating former First Lady' 'F is for all the f***ing we do': What Obama's girlfriend wrote to him after 'passionate' sex with future president who liked to party with pot and COCAINE Anything Kim can do... Paris Hilton tries to retake the sexiest socialite crown by showing off her amazing figure in VERY racy lingerie shoot 'Fuming to say the least!' Twitter goes wild as devastated fans demand third series of Peter Kay's Car Share after 'unsatisfactory' finale Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in pretty dress as she celebrates with boyfriend JP and BFF Ollie Locke at ANOTHER baby shower for MIC She's earned her stripes! Christina Milian flashes her cleavage in busty blue ensemble as she leads the glamour at 2nd annual Art For Life event Glad you didn't go? Eddie Redmayne looks fresh faced as he steps out with wife Hannah... after being 'refused entry to Rihanna's Met Gala afterparty' in NYC Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry strips off during RAUCOUS food fight before showering with on-off beau Marty McKenna... as viewers brand antics 'childish'   Fashion over function! After Emma Roberts, Olivia Culpo and Lea Michele step out in button details, FEMAIL rounds up 30 stylish options for YOU to shop Jamelia provokes fury as she bemoans a lack of ethnically diverse dolls in toy stores - prompting This Morning viewers to say SHE is being racist Leggy Bella Thorne flashes a hint of toned tum in a silver mini and cropped tee as she leads the glamour at NYLON party Wild child Lisa Rinna's model daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her svelte frame in a white floral bralet and mini as she steps out with sister Amelia Gray EXCLUSIVE Nigel Farage parties with scantily-clad birthday girl Lizzie Cundy (and a tribe of other Z-list pals) after bonding over their 'shared humour'  Zoe's menopause tip... have more sex: Radio 2 DJ reveals she is going through the change at 46 Zoe has now vowed to 'have more sex'  Perfect Illusion! Lady Gaga belts out a song for 'screaming fans' as she and Bradley Cooper shoot scenes for their upcoming movie remake A Star Is Born Let them eat... burgers! Inside Rihanna's epic post-Met Gala bash where famous friends like Kendall Jenner chowed down on fast food He's back! Brad Pitt does his first magazine shoot since Angelina Jolie split as he stars on THREE GQ covers Returning to the spotlight with style Sophie shows her tough side! The Countess of Wessex dons camouflage as she visits British Army troops in Estonia Brigade Training Wing A sunny disposition! Imogen Thomas flaunts her ample assets and sensational curves in TINY yellow bikini as she frolics on Spanish beach with daughter Siera All by my selfie: Solo Kim Kardashian breaks her strict diet for pizza as she poses for snaps with sister Kylie Jenner after first Met Gala without husband Kanye Kate Hudson's estranged father's business associate 'threatened to publicly smear actress and her brother Oliver after failed film venture' Ouk-hellou boys! TOWIE's Yazmin flaunts her cleavage in a plunging vest as she celebrates her birthday with boyfriend James Lock 'I'm just sick of it!' The Walking Dead star Josh McDermitt quits social media after revealing he has received death threats over character Eugene Porter Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick coos over baby Devereaux in Central Park as she's pictured with Rolling Stones frontman's eighth child for first time Margot Robbie puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts as she enjoys a lunch date with her mum Sarie Kessler Hollywood actress has home at heart 'It's phenomenal!' Joanna Lumley is set to be honoured with revered BAFTA Fellowship in honour of her stellar 50 year career Svelte Claire Sweeney shows off her TINY waist and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging midi dress at Lizzie Cundy's birthday bash Yo-yo dieter Back to reality: Grimacing Katie Price puts her surgically-enhanced curves on display in a tiny blue bikini as she films for new TV show in Miami Blonde ambition! Cody Simpson's singer sister Alli stands out from the crowd in quirky ensemble at Nylon Young Hollywood party   Knows how to stand out  That'll Garner some attention! Ex-MIC star Kimberley shows off her incredible figure in barely-there white bikini for sizzling swimwear shoot  Kendall Jenner goes braless under sheer lace slashed mini before changing into glamorous Gothic gown as she cuts a regal figure on the cover of VOGUE India Ellie Goulding catches the eye in thigh-skimming multi-coloured minidress as she celebrates the launch of new Burberry accessory 'That lipo bellybutton!' Charlotte Crosby denies having surgery after followers accuse her of sporting 'bizarre stomach' in racy snap Hitting back Ben Affleck has 'moved out' of his home with estranged wife Jennifer Garner... but is 'living close by' to be near their three kids They were living together Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Huawei Overtakes OPPO to Become the Number One Smartphone Company in China in 2017Q1, says IDC Press Release Huawei Overtakes OPPO to Become the Number One Smartphone Company in China in 2017Q1, says IDC 03 May 2017 SINGAPORE, May 4th, 2017 – According to International Data Corporation (IDC), 104.1 million smartphones were shipped to China in 2017Q1. This was a mere 1% year-on-year (YoY) growth, in part the result of high inventory from the previous quarter. 2017Q1 was also relatively quiet aside from a few product launches like Huawei’s new P10, P10 Plus, and Honor V9. This, along with strong momentum for the Honor brand, helped Huawei reclaim the top position from OPPO. “Despite a soft first quarter in China, the second quarter should pick up sequentially given not only JD.com’s June promotions, but also activity around a number of new products like vivo with its Y53, Xiaomi with its Mi 6, Meizu with its E2, and Gionee with its M6S Plus,” says Tay Xiaohan, Senior Market Analyst with IDC Asia/Pacific’s Client Devices team. “Apple has been seeing double-digit YoY declines for the fifth quarter in a row, but we believe that Chinese consumers are holding out for the launch of Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone at the end of the year, and this will help Apple to see a rebound in the China smartphone market,” according to Tay. These are some key highlights in the China smartphone market in 2017Q1 and some points on what we can expect to see for the coming year:     The top five smartphone companies now dominate 70% of the market. We expect their share to continue to rise and to see more consolidation from the smaller companies in the coming year. We also do not expect to see any new smartphone companies entering the market that will be able to make a significant difference to the smartphone scene in China. Android ASPs continued to increase QoQ and YoY. This was largely due to the top Chinese smartphone companies Huawei, OPPO and vivo seeing an increase in their ASPs, as consumers seek to purchase their key flagship models. Consumers are also seeking to upgrade their smartphones to seek a better user experience, and these companies offer models that can meet their needs. Additionally, with key flagships by these Chinese companies having more upgraded specifications such as dual cameras and OLED screens, the price of smartphones has continued to increase. Huawei’s Honor 8, OPPO’s R9s and vivo’s X9 were the popular models from these companies in the quarter. Apart from the continued reliance in celebrity endorsers for these models, one other common factor these models share is the strength of the phones’ cameras which was clearly highlighted across all their advertisements. These models also had batteries with the capacity of around 3000 mAh, highlighting the importance of phones having a powerful camera and strong battery life. Smartphone companies will be focusing more on their offline retail expansion. Huawei has committed to opening more experience stores in key cities while OPPO will be opening more stores in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. Xiaomi, who used to focus on its online channel, has targeted to open 1,000 Mi Home stores in the next 3 years across China. “Having one star flagship model that is marketed successfully is sufficient to significantly propel a company’s shipments in the right direction. This can be aptly exemplified in OPPO’s key flagship R9s which comprised close to half of its overall shipments. In light of the foregoing, whilst the Chinese companies can continue to innovate and try to outshine one another in the coming year, they can also consider focusing their resources on one or two key models with clear key messages than to stretch themselves thin and try to diversify their portfolio,” ends Tay. Notes: Data is preliminary and subject to change. The “Company” represents the current parent company (or holding company) for all brands owned and operated as subsidiary. For inquiries on this tracker research, please contact your IDC account manager or Shari Jane Jansen at sjansen@idc.com. For media inquiries, please contact Tessa Rago trago@idc.com or Alvin Afuang aafuang@idc.com. – Ends – About IDC Trackers IDC Tracker products provide accurate and timely market size, company share, and forecasts for hundreds of technology markets from more than 100 countries around the globe. Using proprietary tools and research processes, IDC’s Trackers are updated on a semiannual, quarterly, and monthly basis. Tracker results are delivered to clients in user-friendly excel deliverables and on-line query tools. The IDC Tracker Charts app allows users to view data charts from the most recent IDC Tracker products on their iPhone and iPad. About IDC International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC’s analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world’s leading technology media, research, and events company. To learn more about IDC, please visit www.idc.com. Follow IDC on Twitter at @IDC. All product and company names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Contact For more information, contact: Theresa Rago trago@idc.com +65 91593053 Alvin Afuang aafuang@idc.com +63917 7974586 Xiaohan Tay xtay@idc.com +65 6829 7760 CategoriesUncategorized TagsTracker Press Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Country Garden’s Forest City welcomes its first residents Next PostNext Cardiac Event Monitor Market to Reach $4.8 Billion During 2017 – 2023 Says a Research Report at ReportsnReports.com Search Recent Posts CVS Health Offering Hepatitis A Vaccine to Hawaii Residents Following Recall of Contaminated Fish Community Bank of the Bay Announces 2017 First-Quarter Results UMNPA Expands Outreach Program to Digital Media Halcón Resources Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Agile Therapeutics to Present Additional Phase 3 Data at the 2017 Annual Clinical and Scientific Meeting of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, May 04, 2017 3:02 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple to create US$1b advanced US manufacturing fund Thursday May 4, 2017 09:47 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Chile’s magical Torres del Paine The Edit: 10 of Shanghai’s best eateries The Edit: This is when Ed Sheeran will perform in KL The Edit: Jay Chou apologises for yelling at security during concert Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage to deliver his keynote address at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco June 8, 2015. — Reuters pic SAN FRANCISCO, May 4 — Apple Inc plans to create a US$1 billion (RM4.32 billion) fund to invest in US companies that perform advanced manufacturing, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said on yestersday, the iPhone maker's latest effort to show how it is creating US jobs. The Cupertino, California company will announce the fund's first investment later in May, Cook said during an interview on CNBC. Cook also said Apple plans to fund programmes that could include teaching people how to write computer code to create apps, and will release more details about the effort this summer. The announcements were the latest in a series of disclosures to highlight how Apple, the world's largest company by market valuation, contributes to job creation in the United States. Apple came under fire from President Donald Trump during his campaign because it makes most of its products in China. In February during the company's annual shareholder meeting, Cook said Apple spent US$50 billion in 2016 with its US suppliers, which include firms like 3M Co and Corning Inc, the first time Apple has disclosed the metric. Cook reiterated that point during the CNBC interview, along with Apple's claim that it has created two million jobs in the United States, 80,000 of which are directly at Apple and the rest coming from suppliers and software developers for the company's app ecosystem. Apple is highlighting its US presence at the same time lawmakers consider a major tax proposal by Trump that would let Apple, along with other large companies, bring back accumulated profits from overseas at potentially lower tax rates. Ninety-three per cent of Apple's US$256.8 billion cash is held overseas. Cook, who met with lawmakers in Washington earlier this year to discuss tax policy and technology issues, said that Apple would have to borrow the cash for its US manufacturing investment fund and said he was hopeful Trump administration would address the repatriation issue. Cook stopped short of saying Apple would bring some of its cash back into the United States if Trump's tax proposal was enacted. “To invest in the United States, we have to borrow. This doesn't make sense on a broad basis. So I think the administration, you saw they're really getting this and want to bring this (cash) back. And I hope that comes to pass,” Cook said in response to a question about tax reform. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa opens lower on investor caution Ringgit opens lower on mild profit taking Apple to create US$1b advanced US manufacturing fund Asian stocks retreat, US dollar holds gains on hawkish Fed statement Bursa lower at mid-morning Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years KL’s largest urban entertainment, F&B and retail hub to be ready by 2018 Standard Chartered rolls out 20-week maternity leave in Malaysia Bank Negara’s dollar borrowing in swaps market hits record high Most Watched Now Week Epic ‘Dark Tower’ trailer unleashed Netflix unveils official trailer for ‘The Defenders’ Things get gory in new TV spot for ‘Alien: Covenant’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Apple posts surprise dip in iPhone sales, shares fall (VIDEO) Apple touts greater use of recycled metal in gadgets China targets lives-streaming apps in new Apple encroachment (VIDEO) Apple considers bidding for Toshiba’s chip business Apple aims for more control, less cost as it accelerates in chip design Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, May 04, 2017 3:02 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple Store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open soon Thursday May 4, 2017 09:53 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Chile’s magical Torres del Paine The Edit: 10 of Shanghai’s best eateries The Edit: This is when Ed Sheeran will perform in KL The Edit: Jay Chou apologises for yelling at security during concert Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The facade, dubbed ‘Apple Loves the Little Red Dot’. — TODAY picSINGAPORE, May 4 — Nearly a year and a half after news of its arrival first leaked, the Apple Store along Orchard Road appears ready to open its doors for business. Yesterday, the barricades outside the store at Knightsbridge Mall were taken down — revealing a white facade with its store name “Apple Orchard Road”. Three large red icons — consisting of a red apple, a heart, and a red dot — adorn the storefront. The icons have been dubbed “Apple Loves the Little Red Dot”, according to a press statement from the company today. In addition, there are 12 smaller icons, representing local photographers, film makers, musicians, illustrators, developers and entrepreneurs who will be conducting a series of educational sessions. These sessions will be open to customers at Apple Orchard Road once it is open. TODAY understands that the store is opening soon, though no specific date has been announced. A CNBC report last week, citing unnamed sources, said the opening date would be on May 22. Apple Orchard Road could occupy four floors of the Knightsbridge Mall — from Basement 1 to Level 3 — according to construction plans that were placed at the storefront’s barricade previously. In October 2015, news of the upcoming Apple Store first leaked when a former tenant at the mall, Pure Fitness, sent e-mails to its members saying it was closing to make way. In November 2015, Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group said it was providing the Apple Store with 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations. Apple’s current corporate office at One North is also entirely powered by solar energy, making the company the first in Singapore to run exclusively on renewable energy. — TODAY                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week WhatsApp back online after global outage of ‘a few hours’ Google Docs phishing scam doused after catching fire Apple Store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open soon Facebook adding 3,000 people to screen out violent content (VIDEO) WhatsApp faces worldwide outage, says is fixing it Cyberattacks involving extortion are on the up, says Verizon What to expect from Microsoft’s May 2 event Taking steps to avoid phishing scams Hackers exploited Word flaw for months while Microsoft investigated Microsoft's silver lining: Surface loses, but Windows wins Most Watched Now Week Epic ‘Dark Tower’ trailer unleashed Netflix unveils official trailer for ‘The Defenders’ Things get gory in new TV spot for ‘Alien: Covenant’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump For Apple, surprise hunger for big phones leaves money on table Apple to roll out redesigned online store app with recommendations Spotify hits out at Apple after updated app for iPhones rejected Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access CSOM CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close ​Advanced Russian attackers zero in on Mac users Liam Tung (CSO Online) on 04 May, 2017 06:29 0 - - - - print email A group of skilled Russian hackers who’ve exclusively targeted specific Windows users appear to be preparing an attack for Mac owners. Dutch security firm Fox-IT has raised an alarm over a Mac variant of a strain of Windows malware it says is a “complex malware framework for targeted attacks”. The reference to targeted attacks means most users are likely not in any danger, however the Windows variant suggests Macs used by government institutions, military and large corporates could soon be. The Windows malware in question was tagged as "Turla" by researchers at Kaspersky, but is also known Uroburos and Agent.BTZ, once used against US military networks. Its other name is Snake, and according to Fox-IT, an NCC Group company, its code is “significantly more sophisticated” than the malware used by Fancy Bears, the presumed Russian hacker group blamed for recent US political hacks and leaks about Olympic athlete medical records. “The framework has traditionally focused on the Windows operating system, but in 2014 the first Linux variant was observed. Now, Fox-IT has identified a version of Snake targeting Mac OS X,” the security company notes. Fox-IT expects that the "attackers using Snake will soon use the Mac OS X variant on targets.” The hackers responsible for Snake have ported its Windows malware to macOS (OS X) and are using mutated versions of an Adobe Flash Player installer to trick Mac users to install a backdoor on their systems. Notably, the corrupted installer has been signed with a valid, but likely stolen, Apple ID developer certificate, which would allow it to bypass Apple’s default controls enforced by its Gatekeeper wall. The checks are run unless and until Apple invalidates the certificate, which would cause the certificate to trigger a security notification to users. Read more Shodan search engine launches botnet hunting service The malicious installer was signed on February 21, which Fox-IT takes to mean that the Mac version of Snake isn’t actually in use it. Fox-IT says it has informed Apple of the issue and requested it revoke the certificate. Mac malware remains rare relative to its Windows counterparts, however attackers do exploit Apple’s reliance on validated digital certificates as a trust mechanism. If software is signed by a valid Apple developer certificate, macOS (OS X) considers it trustworthy and won’t raise a security alarm. Security firm Check Point last week revealed Mac malware dubbed OSX/Dok, which also was signed with a valid developer certificate. Apple revoked the certificate on Sunday, according to Kaspersky’s Threat Post. Fox-IT's alert is meant to warn Mac users in targeted sectors to be extra cautious of phishing emails in coming weeks and months. Read more The week in security: Cybercriminal gets record prison term; new IoT botnet grows “Though Snake is typically spread using spear-phishing e-mails and watering hole attacks Fox-IT has not yet observed this sample being spread in the wild,” Fox-IT said. For organizations Read more: ​New Mac malware can intrude on Gmail and online bank connections Non-tech businesses are becoming cloud providers – CSOs must pivot to keep up More from Cisco Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hackersFox-ITMac OS XNCC GroupAdobe Flash playerphishingmalwareAppleMacstargeted attacksCheckpointkasperskyOS X More about AdobeAppleCheck PointKasperskyLinuxMacs Read next Google's Chrome will soon start warning you more about HTTP pages ​Establish An Audit Trail for Access Management ​How to set up a threat hunting program Cisco Live: Innovation Day Anticipate 2016 CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, ... Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers Everything You Need to Know About Cyber Threats But Were Too Afraid To Ask Cisco 2017 Annual Cybersecurity Report Cyber Resilience: Safeguarding the Digital Organisation Editor's Recommendations ​So what exactly is Threat Hunting? ​Privacy, Trust and Transparency – the Unbroken Link ​Training the next generation or abolition of the Australian 457 visa Solution Centres Enterprise Mobility Resource Centre Security Intelligence Network Security Zone Stories by Liam Tung ​Advanced Russian attackers zero in on Mac users Shodan search engine launches botnet hunting service ​New Mac malware can intrude on Gmail and online bank connections ​Got any HTTP page with a search field? Chrome will soon label it ‘Not Secure’ Latest Videos CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, Virgin Australia Group CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, Virgin Australia Group Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow 2017 Showreel CSO Perspectives Roadshow 2017 Showreel Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Jeff Lanza, Retired FBI Agent (USA) CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Jeff Lanza, Retired FBI Agent (USA) Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Mark Loveless "Simple Nomad" Senior Security Researcher at Duo Security CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Mark Loveless "Simple Nomad" Senior Security Researcher at Duo Security Play Video ​Panel Session sponsored by VMware, Application Security: Does moving your applications to the Cloud mean reduced risk or just relocated risk? ​Panel Session sponsored by VMware, Application Security: Does moving your applications to the Cloud mean reduced risk or just relocated risk? Play Video More videos Blog Posts Are all proxies actually security assets? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Market Place Emerging Cyber Threat Summit | Cybersecurity strategy for business leaders in the digital age | 6-8 June | Sydney | Get the agenda AusCERT2017 | 16th Annual AusCERT Cyber Security Conference | May 23-26, 2017 | Surfers Paradise Marriott | REGISTER NOW Security Exhibition & Conference | Intelligent Strategies for Australia’s Security Industry 26-28 July 2017 | ICC Sydney, Darling Harbour | Find out more Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 53-60 We set you thinking Thursday 4 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Learning Minds Special Health & Wellness Special newstream Lifestyle Why is beer yoga a thing? 1493881008 Business Oil eases, near weakest since late March on small U.S. stocks decline 1493880605 Sports Chinese club Guangzhou fined S$31,500 for fans' "Annihilate British Dogs" banner 1493880480 Entertainment Ed Sheeran to perform in Singapore in November 1493871240 World US army photographer captured fatal blast that took her life 1493880360 World Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts 1493880257 MMA: UFC to introduce new featherweight category for women fighters 1493879400 World No cause for alarm about Queen Elizabeth and Philip after royal staff called to meeting: source 1493878348 World Iraqi army advances on Islamic State's Mosul enclave from northwest 1493878051 World Malaysians launch petition to ban physical punishments in school 1493878007 Business French bank SocGen settles dispute with Libyan Investment Authority 1493877233 Sports ‘Tai chi can be used in combat, but...’: Jack Ma speaks up over tai chi-MMA debate raging in China 1493876520 World Syrian armed opposition to return to Astana peace talks: RIA 1493876509 World Thai rights lawyer faces up to 150 years in prison for royal insult 1493876043 Business Asian stocks retreat, dollar holds near six-week high on hawkish Fed 1493875886 Singapore Runner who collapsed in Stanchart Marathon in December died of heart attack due to natural causes 1493875800 World U.S. coaxes Mexico into Trump plan to overhaul Central America 1493875560 Singapore Woman dies from burn injuries in Jurong warehouse fire 1493859060 World Malaysia issues do’s and don’ts advisory for chat admins 1493870760 Singapore Man jailed 4 weeks for attempting to bribe Traffic Police officer with S$30 1493874709 Voices Why does Albirex Niigata have voting rights in FAS election? 1493841720 Entertainment Fox launches streaming service in Singapore 1493817660 World HK's next leader pledges to heal divisions, put city back on 'normal course' 1493871638 China&India North Korea media warns China of ‘grave consequences’ 1493871409 World Like Trump, China makes an overture to Duterte 1493868710 World Brazil pension reform clears hurdle, faces tough approval path 1493867697 World South Korea’s presidential favourite signals warmer ties with Kim 1493866910 World VOA suspends reporters over live stream of Chinese tycoon's graft accusations 1493865865 Singapore 9 drugs to be subsidised, rationale made public for the first time 1493841720 World Macron, Le Pen clash on euro, terrorism, in French pre-election TV showdown 1493851980 China&India Evolution of kung fu: From hired killers to soldiers, the mafia, and finally an esteemed sport 1493862060 Tech Google Docs phishing scam doused after catching fire 1493862710 Singapore Apple Store along Orchard Road to open soon 1493862709 Business Herbalife CEO talks about obesity, vindication at Milken Conference 1493862308 World U.S., China talk firmer U.N. response to North Korea's missiles: diplomats 1493861366 Voices Mitigate job loss owing to labour cost factors 1493861511 World Squeezed by global powers, South Koreans seek 'Korea first' in new leader 1493860117 World Trump vows to broker Israeli-Palestinian peace, offers no new policies 1493859543 Business Apple to create $1 billion U.S. advanced manufacturing fund 1493858851 World Wary mood in Kabul as notorious former warlord set to return 1493858037 Singapore Downtown Line hit by 7-hour disruption, longest delay on network to date 1493781780 Business Morgan Stanley drops Vanguard mutual funds 1493857346 World Argentine prosecutor threatened and found tied up in his office 1493856272 Business Tesla plugs older Model S as new buyers turn to Model 3 1493856213 Tech WhatsApp back online after global outage of 'a few hours' 1493853960 World U.S. needs to balance foreign alliances: Tillerson 1493855378 Business Facebook shares dip from high as investors fret over costs, future profit 1493854309 World OAS meeting on Venezuela could 'change the situation': Peru minister 1493854159 Commentary Singapore’s future, and lessons from Boston 1493841720 Commentary Asean, China need reality check on South China Sea issue 1493841720 Tech Apple Store along Orchard Road to open soon The facade, dubbed “Apple Loves the Little Red Dot”. Photo: Apple mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:40 AM, May 4, 2017 Updated: 9:50 AM, May 4, 2017 SINGAPORE — Nearly a year and a half after news of its arrival first leaked, the Apple Store along Orchard Road appears ready to open its doors for business. On Wednesday night (May 3), the barricades outside the store at Knightsbridge Mall were taken down — revealing a white facade with its store name “Apple Orchard Road”. Three large red icons — consisting of a red apple, a heart, and a red dot — adorn the storefront. The icons have been dubbed “Apple Loves the Little Red Dot”, according to a press statement from the company on Thursday. In addition, there are 12 smaller icons, representing local photographers, film makers, musicians, illustrators, developers and entrepreneurs who will be conducting a series of educational sessions. These sessions will be open to customers at Apple Orchard Road once it is open. TODAY understands that the store is opening soon, though no specific date has been announced. A CNBC report last week, citing unnamed sources, said the opening date would be on May 22. Apple Orchard Road could occupy four floors of the Knightsbridge Mall — from Basement 1 to Level 3 — according to construction plans that were placed at the storefront’s barricade previously. In October 2015, news of the upcoming Apple Store first leaked when a former tenant at the mall, Pure Fitness, sent e-mails to its members saying it was closing to make way. In November 2015, Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group said it was providing Apple’s operations in Singapore — including the Apple Orchard Road store — with 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations. Apple’s current corporate office at One North is also entirely powered by solar energy, making the company the first in Singapore to run exclusively on renewable energy. mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Singapore READ COMMENTED “Good progress” made in containing oil spillage after recent collisions “Bedding-in” period of several months to be expected for DTL2: Khaw ‘Zero tolerance’ for religious preaching that fans violence: Shanmugam ‘You have made Singapore very proud today’: PM Lee to Yip Pin Xiu ‘Wrecked dorm’ videos an isolated incident: SCDF ‘Ageing workforce, tech disruption could bump up jobless rate’ WP town council flagged for potential criminal offences Workers need to know where jobs are: Union leaders Woman who filmed females in gym changing room gets 30 weeks’ jail Woman run over by husband’s car was ‘well-loved’ MOM officer Woman dies from burn injuries in Jurong warehouse fire Wild monkey that terrorised Segar Road residents finally caught Water price hike to temporarily push inflation up Warm days, thundery showers expected in first half of May Uber banking on innovation to stay ahead of the pack Inside Today World US army photographer captured fatal blast that took her life Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts No cause for alarm about Queen Elizabeth and Philip after royal staff called to meeting: source Iraqi army advances on Islamic State's Mosul enclave from northwest Malaysians launch petition to ban physical punishments in school Business French bank SocGen settles dispute with Libyan Investment Authority Asian stocks retreat, dollar holds near six-week high on hawkish Fed Oil eases, near weakest since late March on small U.S. stocks decline Herbalife CEO talks about obesity, vindication at Milken Conference Apple to create $1 billion U.S. advanced manufacturing fund Sports Chinese club Guangzhou fined S$31,500 for fans' "Annihilate British Dogs" banner ‘Tai chi can be used in combat, but...’: Jack Ma speaks up over tai chi-MMA debate raging in China Evolution of kung fu: From hired killers to soldiers, the mafia, and finally an esteemed sport Totti to retire at end of season: Roma How the race for Europe is stacking up Entertainment Ed Sheeran to perform in Singapore in November The Art of Charlie Chan Hock Chye tops Eisner Award nominations Fox launches streaming service in Singapore Mediacorp bags 12 awards at New York Festivals Awards China’s all-girl pop band crushes hopes of besotted female fans About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,491 Reviews & Articles | 55,078 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Business, Financial & Legal Apple spends $1 billion on manufacturing jobs in the US Apple is Making America Great Again By: Anthony Garreffa | Business, Financial & Legal News | Posted: 5 hours, 16 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple is Making America Great Again by spending $1 billion on a new fund that will promote advanced manufacturing positions in the US, something Apple CEO Tim Cook announced on Mad Money today.     Cook said: "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them".   Apple will start announcing the beneficiaries of its $1 billion fund later this month, with the company looking to train developers and help more people coding, with more details on this coming in the summer.   Cook continued: "We're really looking at this thing deeply. How do we grow our employee base? How do we grow the developer base? How do we grow manufacturing? You will see us bring things to market in all of those areas across this year".   Personally, I think this is great - Apple is pushing for a huge leap in manufacturing capabilities in the US, but we're not far away from total automation in factories. Apple's main manufacturing partner, Foxconn, has a huge robotic presence - and is spending more and more on robotics for manufacturing.   This is all without artificial intelligence stepping in, which will go hand-in-hand with robotics and manufacturing. Is Apple preparing for this future, by training new coders and engineers to build these systems and technologies, with the manufacturing being done in the US.   Imagine a future Apple product that says "Made in the USA" on the back... #MAGA NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com, Cnbc.com Recommended for You Smartphone market flourishes: Chinese manufacturers... Samsung to pay $11.6 million to Huawei over patent... Tesla's quarterly report shows record deliveries HMD Global wants Nokia in the top 3 phone manufacturers... >> NEXT STORY: Qualcomm could block iPhone shipments into the US << PREVIOUS STORY: COLORFUL details its GTX 1080 Ti with the LCD display Related Tags Apple Donald Trump Apple manufacturing manufacturing in the US Foxconn Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Google: Uber created fake company to steal its secrets Blizzard rewards gamer who found StarCraft source code EVGA teases its GTX 1080 Ti SC2 Hybrid graphics card 'Terminator 2' 3D re-release trailer morphs into view Qualcomm could block iPhone shipments into the USView More News Posts Forum Activity I need website design Velocity Micro Raptor Z55 Gaming PC Review BIOSTAR Z270GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Outlast II Review: Be careful little eyes what you see custom x99 2011-v3 gigabyte bios help maybe??View More Forum Posts Press Releases Micron unleashes the full power of NVMe storage, unlocking unused capacity and performance ADATA SD700 external SSD wins Computex d&i 2017 Award Micron appoints Sanjay Mehrotra as President and Chief Executive Officer Razer unveils the Razer Lancehead wireless gaming mouse Synology introduces FlashStation FS2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) AP Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers May 3, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Technology Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Production Facilities Corporate News Smartphones Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Latest in section Minnesota prof's coloring book pokes fun at college life What to know as Texas nears passing 'sanctuary city' law Top Kansas court to revisit death penalty in Wichita murders Teen's shooting first high-profile case for new Dallas DA Rivers start to drop, but flood crisis isn't over yet More on this topic Minnesota prof's coloring book pokes fun at college life What to know as Texas nears passing 'sanctuary city' law Top Kansas court to revisit death penalty in Wichita murders Teen's shooting first high-profile case for new Dallas DA Rivers start to drop, but flood crisis isn't over yet Most Popular on nwi.com Floating water park coming to Lake Michigan beach Five arrested at Kankakee Valley High School prom 3 in FBI custody after missing S'ville-area teen found in Cincinnati Four injured in BP Whiting Refinery accident Couple arrested after kids found riding in car trunk Currents World News 49 countries that are getting healthier Lifestyles Six Mother's Day gift ideas she's sure to love Food and Cooking From whiskey to champagne: Every U.S. president's favorite drink Today’s top pics: Harley and Sailor Jerry launch collaboration and more Your daily 6: Mississippi rising, a 1-eyed Derby contender and those topless Kate pix Today In History, May 3: Kentucky Derby Today's Birthdays, May 3: Christina Hendricks Silfverberg scores in OT as Ducks top Oilers 4-3 in Game 4 Mariners rally with 4 runs late to beat Angels 8-7 Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Contreras, Szczur lead Cubs comeback over Phillies, 5-4 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses The Duke Of Oil 449 Ridge Rd, Munster, IN 46321 Center For Visual & Performing Arts 1040 Ridge Rd, Munster, IN 46321 Accurate Hearing 551 East 4th St, Hobart, IN 46342 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant 701 East Clark Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Stevenson and Fairchild OMS Stevenson and Fairchild OMS Now Has 2 Offices To Better Serve You! Call (219) 462-9599 for Valparaiso and (219) 736-1401 for Merrillville. Updated Apr 27, 2017 Allstate - Elaine Morris Teenage drivers in your home? Call Elaine Morris with Allstate for a Car Insurance Quote that will fit your budget. Call today at 219-928-0135 Updated Apr 27, 2017 Brad's Designs & Jewelry Create a beautiful, one-of-a-kind piece for her or him! ~ Brad's Designs & Jewelry Updated Apr 27, 2017 Culligan Water of Lake County Get a Free Basic Water Test. Call Culligan Water of Lake County 219-769-6666 Updated Apr 27, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 49° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 41F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Haverhill news featured First responders fall ill investigating unattended Haverhill death +4 By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 3 hrs ago Netflix series prompts concern among educators Explore downtown Haverhill on 'First Fridays' Andover will be pretty in pink again Youth anti-tobacco group recognized for efforts Three dead in crash at Billerica auto auction Better Block festival held Saturday Library book sale is this week Mitchell on school visit: 'I just followed the leaders on the team'  Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Sports League looses control in Red Sox, Orioles feud Chris Mason CNHI Sports Boston 45 min ago Fenway players, fans respond to taunts at Orioles' Jones Guidance from Sachs gives boost to Londonderry ace Nelson Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Timberlane volleyball and Lawrence softball North Andover set to face No. 2 Franklin in rematch of last spring's state semifinal Area Games Sports in a minute: Knights making plays Fisher Cats no-hit until the seventh in loss Merrimack Roundup: Men's lacrosse advances to semis Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Community Calendar Apr 30, 2017 Club News Reunions Reunions Club News Community Calendar Club News Community Calendar Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Letters To The Editor Censorship of conservative speakers at colleges a problem 10 hrs ago Trump doesn't pay attention to details of his administration, and neither should you Sound Off Democrats need serious reform plan Sound Off Vintage Republican doesn't recognize her party these days Sound Off Improve your faith? A college degree might help your religiosity There aren't enough chances to sign up for organ donation Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers May 3, 2017 Updated 26 min ago SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Technology Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Production Facilities Corporate News Smartphones Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Labor Economy Economy Mobile Media Media Government And Politics Locations United States North America China Greater China East Asia Asia California We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +4 80 Ocean Boulevard, Seabrook, N.H. By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: 3 officers need to escort Pelham man from Tens Methuen mother charged after son dies in July car accident Suspended Central Catholic staffers identified Central Catholic suspends two staff members UPDATE: Police find body in Merrimack River Italian Kitchen serves up its final crispellis  Fired Central Catholic administrator under investigation for alleged rape Suspended Central Catholic staff members identified Methuen couple to head to Fatima on 100th anniversary of reported apparition Central Catholic sex abuse demonstration will unveil new allegations from 1960s incidents Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ח' אייר תשע"ז  -  כ״ג בעומר   |   Thursday, May 4, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Stocks Dip As Media, Health Care Companies Fall; Banks Jump Stocks Dip As Media, Health Care Companies Fall; Banks Jump Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 9:37 pm | ז' אייר תשע"ז NEW YORK ( AP) - U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as media and health care companies took losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, but bond yields and banks rose as investors felt rates will increase soon. First-quarter results for most companies have been good, but stocks were lower all day as a few big-name companies disclosed shaky results. Media companies tumbled after Time Warner said its advertising revenue fell. Apple slipped after iPhone sales came in lower than investors expected, but the stock recovered nearly all of its losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates where they were, but also said it expects the economy to start growing at a faster pace. That could set the stage for the Fed to boost interest rates in June. Bond yields and interest rates rose after the Fed made its statement. That sent bank stocks higher, which narrowed the market’s losses. The dollar also got a bit stronger. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 3.04 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,388.13. The Dow Jones industrial average added 8.01 points to 20,957.90. The Nasdaq composite sank 22.82 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,072.55. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, declined 8.44 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,390.92. Apple’s first-quarter iPhone sales and projections for the current quarter weren’t quite as good as analysts hoped. Apple stock struggled in late 2015 and for much of 2016 as iPhone sales slowed down and then fell for the first time. But they’ve climbed 27 percent this year and the stock closed at an all-time high Tuesday. It fell as much as 2.2 percent early Wednesday, but finished down just 45 cents at $147.06. Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.32 percent from 2.29 percent and banks climbed. U.S. benchmark crude added 16 cents to $47.82 a barrel in New York. On Tuesday U.S. crude oil closed at its lowest price since mid-November. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 33 cents to $50.79 a barrel in London. Wireless spectrum license company Straight Path Communications continued to soar. It said it’s received an all-stock offer worth $135.96 per share from an undisclosed buyer. AT&T had agreed to pay $95.63 per share. The company said it informed AT&T that the new offer is superior, and AT&T will have three days to decide if it wants to raise its offer. Vehicle parts maker Delphi Automotive surged after it said it will spin off its power-train systems business into a separate publicly traded company. Investors often applaud such transactions, which are tax-free, because they can help fast-growing businesses concentrate on expanding. Delphi’s stock added $8.56, or 10.9 percent, to $87.01. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Heating oil stayed at $1.47 a gallon. Natural gas rose 3 cents to $3.23 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.50 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 29 cents to $16.55 an ounce. Copper dropped 9 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $2.54 a pound. The dollar rose to 112.64 yen from 112 yen. The euro slid to $1.0906 from $1.0928. The British FTSE 100 retreated 0.2 percent and France’s CAC 40 lost 0.1 percent. The DAX of Germany rose 0.2 percent. Markets in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea were closed for a holiday. Filed under: Dow Jones, Nasdaq, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related Technology Companies and Banks Take Stocks Higher U.S. Stocks Jump as Apple Pulls Tech Companies Up Again U.S. Stocks Catch Cold as Health Care Companies Fall Stocks Shed Early Gain as Energy And Consumer Companies Fall Stocks End Lower as Health-Care Companies Decline More in Business Business Briefs – May 3, 2017 American Cuts Coach Legroom in New 737s Arriving Later This Year Iowa’s Last Major ACA Insurer Just Threatened to Pull Out JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to EU Offices on Brexit Staples Revamps Marketing in Bid to Shed Retail-Industry Baggage OP-ED How the U.S. Can Stop Hungary’s Descent Into Authoritarianism Overbooking and Over the Top All Eyes on France Introducing the ‘New, Improved’ Hamas An Impossible Pretzel A Pashute Yid? Populism on pause A Nationwide Chessed The Past 100 Days Have Been a Disaster — for Democrats The Risks of Businesses Learning How Consumers Think A Persistent Insanity Infects a Local Election The Good Tidings Let ‘So-Called Judges’ Work in Peace Trump Is Skillfully Navigating Washington’s Budget Realities Features This Day In History 8 Iyar/May 4 Nichum Aveilim 8 Iyar/May 4 Nosh on Nachos Making the Perfect Pancake, With Some Healthy Twists A Diet That’s Beneﬁcial to Everyone but Used by Few Editorial Cartoon – May 4, 2017 Sudoku – May 4, 2017 Indirect Approach Nichum Aveilim 7 Iyar/May 3 Fathers Days This Day In History 7 Iyar/May 3 Four Corners Sudoku – May 3, 2017 This Day In History 6 Iyar/May 2 Weather » Brooklyn 52°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,072.55 -22.82 (-0.37%) S&P 500 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9179 GBP 0.7766 ILS 3.6233 CHF 0.9944 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Las Vegas Sun May 4, 2017 Currently: 77° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” Associated Press Wednesday, May 3, 2017 | 6:29 p.m. SAN FRANCISCO — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the fund in an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the fund will invest that money or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of glitzy reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report followed years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China. The Wednesday report is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. Most Popular Viewed Trending Flush with cash, Fertittas launch investment firm Ice Cube, president of Raider Nation, embraces move Ex-Las Vegas stripper who ran drug ring gets 17 years in prison Rebels legend Mark Wade heading to UNLV Hall U.S. company turned blind eye to wild behavior on Iraq base Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Music: Find the full lineup for EDC 2017 Dining: Carbone's flashy take on old-school Italian Comedy: Chatting up Jim Gaffigan Featured Galleries Ride On For Red Nose Day Alvarez and Chavez Jr. Presser Journey Unveils Memorabilia Ahead of Hard Rock Residency More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 4 Thu 5 Fri 6 Sat 7 Sun 8 Mon Industry Thursdays Sapphire Gentlemen's Club Pool Jerry Tiffe Boulder Station Hotel and Casino All events on Thursday » The Growlers Vinyl La Movida Latin Nights at the Cancun Room Cancun Room at the Fiesta Reventon Latin Night at Gonzalez Y Gonzalez at NYNY Gonzalez Y Gonzalez All events on Friday » Mezzanotte late night dining Ferraro's Restaurant 'Centerfolds of Magic' Plaza Hotel and Casino DB Live! Double Barrel Roadhouse | 11 p.m. All events on Saturday » Defending the Caveman The D Leela James & Daley House of Blues | 8:30 p.m. to 11 p.m. Hypnotist Anthony Cools Paris Las Vegas All events on Sunday » Beatleshow Orchestra Saxe Theater The Black Box Soul Sessions The Artisan Hotel Karaoke XXX Red Label Lounge All events on Monday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Posts Q2 2017 Financial Results Denisse Moreno International Business Times May 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple sold more than 50 million iPhones in the first three months of 2017, the company reported in its second quarter financial results Tuesday. Apple reported a net profit of $11 billion on revenue of $52.9 billion for the quarter, or $2.10 per diluted share, up from the $1.90 per diluted share in the year-ago quarter. The revenue figure was up 5 percent from the comparable quarter last year, with international sales making up 65 percent of the total. Read: Siri Speaker: There's An 'Over 50% Chance' Apple Will Announce Device At June's WWDC “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (Product)RED Special Edition, and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter.” The reported revenue was less than the $53.02 billion estimated by Thomson Reuters analysts. iPhone 7 Sales Apple sold 50.76 million iPhones, fewer than it did in the year-ago quarter when it sold 51.19 million. Cook admitted Apple had some trouble handling the high demand for the iPhone 7 Plus. “One of the things we didn't get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Demand was much stronger towards iPhone 7 Plus than we expected,” he said in the company’s earnings call Tuesday. “Took us a little while to adjust all the way through the supply chain, to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which finally occurred early in this quarter. Every time we launch something, we learn something, and we brush up our models, and apply everything we learn for next time.” Read: Apple Vs. Qualcomm: Apple Ceases Royalty Payments Amid Lawsuits, Qualcomm Stock Price Plummets Apple sold 8.9 million iPads, down 12 percent year-over year, and sold nearly 4.2 million Macs, slightly more than a number of units the company sold a year ago. Here’s a breakdown by product: apple q2 2017More Apple Q2 2017 Unaudited Summary Data. Photo: Apple Here’s a breakdown by region: apple q2 2017More Apple Q2 2017 Unaudited Summary Data. Photo: Apple In Apple’s conference call, Cook boasted about the company’s latest environment report, its new campus and the recently opened Apple Store in Dubai. Related Articles Apple Watch 3 Can Track Food Nutrition Data? These Apps Are No Longer Available For The Apple Watch Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech This sophisticated phishing scam has the entire internet terrified BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech This is the stupidest thing on Microsoft’s new laptop BGR News Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Pogue's Basics: How to forward a text message Yahoo Tech This gadget can turn an ordinary surface into a smart controller Yahoo Tech Jeff Bezos describes one change some Amazon employees hated Yahoo Tech Nature throws humanity a softball, provides bugs that digest plastic BGR News Pogue’s Basics: How to speed up YouTube playback with a keystroke Yahoo Tech Jeff Bezos: Nobody asked for one of our most popular services Yahoo Tech The 20 highest-paying tech companies in America Yahoo Tech SanDisk’s insanely fast portable SSDs are discounted on Amazon BGR News The disruption of workers by robots is about to take a giant leap forward Yahoo Tech The best ways to stream live TV without cable Yahoo Tech
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Classifieds Jobs Rental_map Yardsale_map Openhouses Place your own Ad Legal Notices Homes Business Directory Read the e-edition Sign up for Email Alerts Really Big Deals Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber Services Manage your Subscription Start a Subscription Make a Payment Enter a Vacation Stop Subscriptions Sections 62° Pocatello, ID (83204) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 42F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Search News Local State World Business Community Entertainment Morning National Sports ISU Local ISJ Preps Prep Stars National Sports Stars Outdoors Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Family Fun Day Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Reader's Choice Contests Breaking Southeast Idaho mom believes hunter shot out car window Pocatello police still investigating after bloody jacket found Otter: No federal disaster aid for 5 Idaho counties Idaho man falls into northwestern Montana river and drowns Home Blackfoot Journal Close 1 of 2 Eric Risberg FILE - This Thursday, May 19, 2016, file photo shows the Apple logo on the side of the Apple Union Square store, in San Francisco. Apple reports earnings Tuesday, May 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) AP Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers May 3, 2017 Updated 47 min ago (…) Eric Risberg FILE - This Thursday, May 19, 2016, file photo shows the Apple logo on the side of the Apple Union Square store, in San Francisco. Apple reports earnings Tuesday, May 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. Story continues below video × Advertisement CEO Tim Cook first described the fund in an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the fund will invest that money or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of glitzy reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report followed years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China. The Wednesday report is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute, for instance, only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" -- and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Technology Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Production Facilities Corporate News Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Smartphones Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Labor Economy Economy Mobile Media Media Government And Politics Locations United States North America China Greater China East Asia Asia California loading... loading... Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Latest E-Edition Idaho State Journal Read the latest edition of the Idaho State Journal in our e-edition format, which combines the familiarity of the printed-paper format with the convenience of reading on your phone, tablet or desktop computer from anywhere. Trending Today Articles Articles District 25 reeling from tragic loss of Jefferson Elementary School Principal Jason Winward Psychologist accused of using his job to get sex from patients Man arrested after high-speed pursuit in Bannock County School bus driver accused of DUI Taysom Hill prepares for life in the NFL Boy says twin brother suspected in shooting of teen girl was angry Pastor Thomas gets ball rolling on new location for Big Momma's House Local man charged with misdemeanor for allegedly allowing young son to stray from home Officials: Man found after tornado died of drug overdose Court documents: Attack that killed toddler was 'very violent' Video Highlights Visit Idaho State Journal's profile on Pinterest. $59,900 View more Listings Poll Do you support the proposed expansion of the Bannock County jail? You voted: Vote View Results Back ISJ Webcam Click here to control and for traffic cams Images are generated every 10 minutes. More Latest Classifieds Help Wanted Restaurant/Lounge ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS for All Positions Apply in person at Bargain Basement Curved Shower Rod with new curtain $40.00 233-0773 Bargain Basement Hot Tub $250.00 208-775-3231 Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID 83204 208-232-4161 newsroom@journalnet.com Call us at 208-232-4161 or send an email Subscribe Today! Manage your subscription Report a delivery issue Pay your bill Vacation stop Sign up for our daily email alerts Get in touch with the Journal Common Submissions Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Milestones Announcements Birthdays Missionary Eagle Scout Engagements/Weddings Anniversaries Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News Belgrade News Lone Peak Lookout West Yellowstone News © Copyright 2017 Idaho State Journal, 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 69° Full Menu 69° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - This Thursday, May 19, 2016, file photo shows the Apple logo on the side of the Apple Union Square store, in San Francisco. Apple reports earnings Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Eric Risberg AP Photo National May 03, 2017 10:56 PM Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN FRANCISCO Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” Marcio Jose Sanchez, File AP Photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 2 months ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 2 months ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View More Video National Disgraced preacher, child sex abuser Tony Alamo dies Police say a teacher took field trip money to buy heroin and had needles in her purse Stephen Colbert responds to #FireColbert backlash on ‘Late Show’: ‘I would do it again’ In Ivanka Trump’s new book, she quotes a lot of people. One isn’t happy about it. Texas Legislature passes ban on so-called 'sanctuary cities' National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register May 4th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact Poll Do you think disgraced Senator Don Meredith should be expelled from Canada’s Senate? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Michael Liedtke And Christopher S. Rugaber, The Associated Press on May 3, 2017. FILE - This Thursday, May 19, 2016, file photo shows the Apple logo on the side of the Apple Union Square store, in San Francisco. Apple reports earnings Tuesday, May 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) SAN FRANCISCO – Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the fund in an interview on CNBC, but didn’t say how the fund will invest that money or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple’s billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire “thousands of employees, thousands more in the future” in the U.S., although he didn’t specify how quickly that will happen. Apple’s U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple’s costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. “They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.,” said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. “So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won’t be a good example.” Cook isn’t the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company’s hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of glitzy reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report followed years of complaints about labour practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company’s major contractors in China. The Wednesday report is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company’s Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple’s second biggest employment centre is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple’s decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. “It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people.” Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Tech Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple posts fifth quarter of sales drop in greater China, hurt by Huawei, Oppo and Vivo  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech Earnings reports Apple Apple Apple posts fifth quarter of sales drop in greater China, hurt by Huawei, Oppo and Vivo iPhone maker’s combined revenue in Hong Kong, Taiwan and mainland fell 14 per cent in the March quarter to US$10.7 billion PUBLISHED : Thursday, 04 May, 2017, 8:03am UPDATED : Thursday, 04 May, 2017, 9:04am Comments:   Bien Perez Meng Jing Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple More on this story Tech What’s hot and what’s not among China’s gadgets and apps 6 Jan 2017 China Tech Oppo and Vivo vault ahead in China’s smartphone market 25 Oct 2016 Tech China’s Oppo Electronics pledges HK$115m towards handset factory in India 20 Jun 2016 Companies Oppo aims new flagship at China smartphone market 24 Sep 2013 China Tech Chinese brands dominate India’s booming smartphone market 25 Jan 2017 Related Articles Leaders & Founders Apple phone sales fall, but buyers look ahead to iPhone 8 3 May 2017 Social & Gadgets The next iPhone may be much slower than the Galaxy S8 26 Apr 2017 Companies Opinion: There is life after a scandal for the atoning miscreant 26 Apr 2017 Apple reported its fifth consecutive quarter of revenue decline for its greater China business, buffeted by the strong US dollar and intense competition from Chinese smartphone brands led by Huawei Technologies, Oppo and Vivo. The world’s most valuable company reported a 14 per cent decrease in combined first-quarter revenue from mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan to US$10.7 billion, compared with US$12.5 billion a year ago. “Our March quarter results were in line with our expectations, and similar to the year-over-year performance we experienced in the December quarter,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook told analysts in a conference call. “We continue to be very enthusiastic about our opportunity in China.” He also indicated that Apple’s Mac computers and services, which include digital content, iCloud and AppleCare warranties, saw “strong double-digit revenue growth” in greater China. In addition, Cook said total store revenue on the mainland was up 27 per cent year on year for the quarter. The greater China market accounted for roughly a fifth of the US$52.9 billion total revenue of Apple in its fiscal second quarter ended April 1, behind the Americas and Europe. Sales of iPhones made up about 63 per cent of that global turnover. “While competition was tougher [last quarter] with companies like Huawei, Oppo and Vivo in the highly competitive Chinese market, Apple maintained a good dynamic throughout the quarter,” said Thomas Husson, a vice-president at Forrester Research. Cook pointed out that Apple’s financial results on the mainland over the October to March period were “much better” than in the same six-month period in the previous fiscal year on the back of solid iPhone 7 Plus sales. “We sold the highest number of Plus models in the first half than ever before [on the mainland], compared to 6s Plus or the 6 Plus,” he said, without providing figures. He added, however, that “[Apple’s] performance continued to be weak in Hong Kong, which has been hit a bit harder as the tourism market continues to slump”. Total first-quarter smartphone sales in greater China were estimated at 11 million units, down from 13.3 million a year ago, according to Neil Shah, a partner at Counterpoint Research. Data from Counterpoint showed that Apple shipped 50.8 million iPhones worldwide in the first quarter, against 82.8 million Android smartphones from Huawei Technologies, Oppo and Vivo in the same period. “I won’t be surprised to see a big rebound for Apple in China after the iPhone 8 launches [in the second half of this year],” said Bryan Ma, vice-president for devices research at IDC. “We’re seeing a lot of pent-up demand there, and the Apple brand hasn’t lost its lustre, despite how gloomy the earnings for Apple China might look today.” In Beijing, third-party Apple retailers said many potential buyers are holding on to their old iPhones in anticipation of the much-speculated new iPhone 8 in the second half of this year. “Most of those who buy the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus these days are in urgent demand for a replacement, either because their old phones are too slow to use or the screens have been smashed,” said a salesman at iSpace, an authorised Apple retailer, without providing sales data. Xiao Xiangyi, a Beijing office worker and long-time iPhone user, said she may turn her back on Apple if the highly anticipated iPhone 8 fails to impress her. “People around me have been saying so many nice things about Huawei. But the next Apple smartphone sounds like a really big deal, being the 10th anniversary version of the iPhone. So I will wait till I see iPhone 8 to make my final decision,” said the 30-year-old Xiao, who currently uses a 6S model, her third iPhone since 2010. The iPhone first entered the greater China market in July 2008, when Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong made the iPhone 3G available in the city. China Unicom introduced the iPhone on the mainland in October 2009. It was followed by China Telecom in March 2012 and China Mobile in January 2014. Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list.   Most Popular Viewed 1 China hits milestone in developing quantum computer 2 Hong Kong police on alert for lone wolves inspired by Islamic State 3 What’s behind Apple’s sales decline in greater China? 4 How Xiaomi plans to lift its game with the Mi 6 5 Smart-home devices begin to catch on Shared 1 China hits milestone in developing quantum computer 2 Hong Kong police on alert for lone wolves inspired by Islamic State 3 What’s behind Apple’s sales decline in greater China? 4 How Xiaomi plans to lift its game with the Mi 6 5 Smart-home devices begin to catch on Commented 1 Three-hour wait at Cheesecake Factory’s Hong Kong launch 2 So is Cheesecake Factory Hong Kong’s food worth the wait? 3 Hong Kong tram drivers on frustrations of life in the slow lane 4 Spanish comic strip artist Joan Cornellà sees Hong Kong’s dark side 5 How a California Chinese chef discovered congee in Hong Kong Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like Soccer Hong Kong surgeon saves Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s career 2 May 2017 - 10:44pm 21 Smart-home devices begin to catch on In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong tram drivers on frustrations of life in the slow lane 2 May 2017 - 3:16pm 6 [SCMP Archive] HKIS’ speedy rugby team prevails Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Hong Kong MTR ramps up anti-terror drills ahead of expected Xi visit 2 May 2017 - 5:46pm 28 Hong Kong Trailer for Joshua Wong Netflix documentary released 2 May 2017 - 6:10pm 45 China How a domestic helper became China’s hottest writer 1 May 2017 - 10:29pm 12 Politics Islamists, anti-Chinese sentiments don’t worry Widodo 30 Apr 2017 - 7:55pm 18 Opinion Hong Kong government’s poor maths sank Kai Tak Cruise Terminal 1 May 2017 - 11:56am 48 Business How DIY became a driving force of China’s robot revolution 1 May 2017 - 8:39am 4 Opinion China’s new carrier impresses, but graft is a bigger battle 30 Apr 2017 - 1:11pm 110 China Could this green car breakthrough drive fuel cell future? 30 Apr 2017 - 10:33pm 4 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:30pm Thu 4 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple growing cash stash spurs talk of huge acquisition 12:23 PM Thursday May 4, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Netflix Inc. Technology Guesses are Apple is looking to acquire a massive company like Disney, Netflix or Tesla. As Apple's stash of cash grows, so does the possibility that the world's most valuable company will use some of the money for a huge acquisition that would expand its empire beyond iPhones and other gadgets. The company currently holds more than a quarter-trillion dollars it could use to go shopping. So far, the guessing game has primarily focused on possible targets such as Netflix and Tesla Motors. Either deal could make sense, given Apple's long-running interest in providing a TV service to consumers and its more recent work on self-driving cars . But in recent months the takeover talk has swirled around whether Apple might do something even more dramatic by making a bid for Walt Disney Co. THE MOUSE AND THE APPLE Such a combination would create the world's first company worth US$1 trillion. Beyond that, an Apple-Disney marriage would unite some of the world's most successful brands in technology and entertainment - a list that includes the iPhone, iPad, Mac computer, Mickey Mouse, Disneyland, ESPN, Lucasfilm, Pixar and Marvel. "If there's a deal out there that would strike fear in the hearts of Silicon Valley and Hollywood, this could be it," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani wrote in a recent research report assessing the logic of an Apple-Disney combination. Apple doesn't discuss specific companies that it might buy, but it's exploring far and wide, according to Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri. "We are looking at every size of acquisition, so we will see how it goes going forward," Maestri told The Associated Press in a Tuesday interview. Disney hasn't given any inclination that it's looking for a buyer, but publicly held companies are required to consider all takeover offers. Buying Disney would be expensive. Daryanani estimates that Apple would have to pay US$157 per share, or about US$250 billion. Continued below. Related Content Bolger: Neoliberalism has failed and Treaty settlements may not be full and final Your Views: Readers' letters Lizzie Marvelly: Finally, the half-price sale is over TREASURE CHEST Apple is one of the few companies - if not the only one - that could pay that sum out of its pocket. The Cupertino, California, company ended March with nearly US$257 billion in cash and marketable securities, according to numbers released Tuesday with Apple's earnings report for the January-March quarter. That's up from US$233b a year ago, and the figure is expected to keep growing as Apple piles up more profits from the iPhone, iPad and Mac, as well as the applications and services that feed those devices. In its latest quarter, Apple's earnings climbed 5 per cent to US$11b while revenue also rose 5 per cent to nearly US$53b. In recent years, Apple has used a large chunk of its cash to provide its shareholders with extra income. The company disclosed plans on Tuesday to raise its quarterly dividend by more than 10 per cent to 63 cents per share, marking the fifth increase in five years. Apple also has spent US$151b buying back its own stock since 2012. Doing a mega-deal would be a major departure for Apple, whose largest acquisition to date was its US$3b purchase of Beats Electronics in 2014 that helped launch its music streaming service. THE SLOWING SMARTPHONE But Daryanani and other analysts believe Apple may need to make a pricier acquisition to lessen the company's dependence on the iPhone at a time when smartphone sales have been slowing. IPhone sales edged up 1 per cent in Apple's latest quarter, extending a recovery from an unprecedented downturn last year. But many investors remain concerned that Apple has become too vulnerable to the ups and downs of the smartphone market, mostly because the company hasn't been able to come up with another hit product since the 2011 death of its co-founder and CEO, Steve Jobs. Apple's last big success, the iPad, came out in 2010, but sales of the tablet have been declining for more than three years. Meanwhile, the iPhone accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue in the past quarter. The Trump administration may give Apple another reason to mull a major acquisition, given earlier promises to lower U.S. taxes on overseas corporate cash brought back to the U.S. Should that tax cut happen, Apple CEO Tim Cook has said the company will consider bringing back most of the more than US$230b it now keeps in foreign countries, making it easier to finance a blockbuster deal in the U.S. Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Rules reward water polluters Politicians fail to understand what's behind New Zealand's deteriorating water quality… Hawke's Bay Today Rules for quad bikes clarified When is it safe to carry a passenger on a quad bike? Worksafe clarifies. Bay of Plenty Times Official figures: Just how wet was April? Whangaparaoa was drenched with nearly five times its normal April rainfall, figures show… Our Features' Top Stories Driven 'Completely normal' old VW Golf conceals 1200hp under its skin Looks aren't everything, as evidenced by this little grey hatch that will eat everything… Viva How to dress stylishly while pregnant How does a fashion editor deal with dressing for pregnancy? True Commercial Ideal Grey Lynn owner-occupier or investor buy A two-level office and warehouse building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 04 May 2017 19:01:30 Processing Time: 91ms
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, May 04, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stocks dip as media, health care companies fall; banks jump U.S. stocks are dipping as investors sell media companies on worries about advertising revenue ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 3, 2017 | Updated 4:28 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print U.S. stocks dipped today as media and health care companies took losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, but bond yields and banks rose as investors felt rates will increase soon. RELATED: Searchable stock index First-quarter results for most companies have been good, but stocks were lower all day as a few big-name companies disclosed shaky results. Media companies tumbled after Time Warner said its cable advertising revenue fell. Apple slipped after iPhone sales came in lower than investors expected, but the stock recovered nearly all of its losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates where they were, but also said it expects the economy to start growing at a faster pace. That could set the stage for the Fed to boost interest rates in June. Bond yields and interest rates rose after the Fed made its statement. That sent bank stocks higher, which narrowed the market’s losses. The dollar also got a bit stronger. Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist for LPL Financial, said he agrees that the economy will improve following a sluggish first quarter. “Earnings have been strong across the board,” he said. “The economy isn’t quite as weak as that GDP (report) makes it look.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 3.04 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,388.13. The Dow Jones industrial average added 8.01 points to 20,957.90. The Nasdaq composite sank 22.82 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,072.55. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, declined 8.44 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,390.92. The Federal Reserve said economic growth slowed over the last six weeks as inflation stayed low and spending didn’t increase much. However it expects growth to pick up and said inflation should eventually reach its target of 2 percent. Experts think it’s likely the central bank will raise rates in June, as it did last December and again in March. Detrick said he thinks the Fed will raise interest rates two more times this year. Media companies slumped after Time Warner, the owner of HBO and TBS, said revenue from cable advertising fell in the first quarter. Time Warner has agreed to be bought by AT&T, so its stock hardly budged, but its competitors slumped. Walt Disney shed $2.75, or 2.4 percent, to $111.62, for its biggest loss in almost a year. Viacom sank $3.20, or 7.5 percent, to $39.26 and CBS lost $2.20, or 3.4 percent, to $63.46. Twenty-First Century Fox gave up $1.55, or 5.1 percent, to $28.88. Apple’s first-quarter iPhone sales and projections for the current quarter weren’t quite as good as analysts hoped. Apple stock struggled in late 2015 and for much of 2016 as iPhone sales slowed down and then fell for the first time. But they’ve climbed 27 percent this year and the stock closed at an all-time high Tuesday. It fell as much as 2.2 percent early today, but finished down just 45 cents at $147.06. Irish generic drug maker Perrigo said its offices were searched as part of a Justice Department investigation into pricing by generic drug companies. Perrigo dropped $3.88, or 5.1 percent, to $72.35. Several other companies have previously disclosed subpoenas connected to that probe, including Mylan and Lannett. Mylan fell 98 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $37.19. Lannett had a disappointing quarter as drug pricing remained weak, and its stock tumbled $5.05, or 18.6 percent, to $22.10. Biotech drugmaker Gilead Sciences reported disappointing profit and revenue as sales of its hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni plunged in all major markets, and its stock gave up $1.38, or 2 percent, to $67.21. Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.32 percent from 2.29 percent and banks climbed. U.S. benchmark crude added 16 cents to $47.82 a barrel in New York. On Tuesday U.S. crude oil closed at its lowest price since mid-November. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 33 cents to $50.79 a barrel in London. Wireless spectrum license company Straight Path Communications continued to soar. It said it’s received an all-stock offer worth $135.96 per share from an undisclosed buyer. AT&T had agreed to pay $95.63 per share. The company said it informed AT&T that the new offer is superior, and AT&T will have three days to decide if it wants to raise its offer. Straight Path’s stock jumped $29.38, or 23.4 percent, to $155.20. Vehicle parts maker Delphi Automotive surged after it said it will spin off its powertrain systems business into a separate publicly traded company. Investors often applaud such transactions, which are tax-free, because they can help fast-growing businesses concentrate on expanding. Delphi’s stock added $8.56, or 10.9 percent, to $87.01. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Heating oil stayed at $1.47 a gallon. Natural gas rose 3 cents to $3.23 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.50 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 29 cents to $16.55 an ounce. Copper dropped 9 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $2.54 a pound. The dollar rose to 112.64 yen from 112 yen. The euro slid to $1.0906 from $1.0928. The British FTSE 100 retreated 0.2 percent and France’s CAC 40 lost 0.1 percent. The DAX of Germany rose 0.2 percent. Markets in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea were closed for a holiday. Related Items Federal Reserve System , United States government , united states , north america , East Asia , Asia , Intact Financial Corp , AT&T Inc , Time Warner Inc Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Cook remains optimistic on China despite Q2 revenue decline Apple's iPhone sales in China are continuously challenged by domestic brands including Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo. By Cyrus Lee | May 3, 2017 -- 23:56 GMT (16:56 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Apple CEO Tim Cook (Image: CNET/CBS Interactive) Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he remains enthusiastic about business opportunity in China, the world's largest smartphone market, despite the company's Greater China sales falling 14 percent year-on-year to $10.7 billion in the quarter ended April 1, from $12.5 billion in the same period last year. This figure was also down 34 percent from revenue of $16.2 billion recorded for Q1 in the Greater China markets, including mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. In the company's earning call, Cook blamed unfavorable exchange rates and falling sales in the Hong Kong market, which attracted fewer Chinese visitors to purchase Apple products during the period. He said he expects sales performance in China to improve in the current quarter. Latest news on Asia Cook remains optimistic on China despite Q2 revenue decline Singapore looks for answers to key challenges in AI, data science China Mobile and ARM combine on network function virtualisation Samsung gets green light to test autonomous vehicles in South Korea: Report ​Samsung Pay now available on Gear S3 in Korea Cook added that Apple's total store revenues in China increased 27 percent, while same store income rose 7 percent during the period. The company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion, up from $50.6 billion for the same period a year earlier. China was its only key market that registered revenue decline during the period. Consumers in China may be waiting for the new flagship models coming later this year, according to Chinese reports, citing Cook. The Cupertino-based company is placing great emphasis on China, with Cook having visited the country at least four times last year, these reports added. Apple's iPhone sales have encountered a bottleneck in China due to fierce competition from local brands. IDC data suggested Apple only sold 44.9 million iPhone units in China in 2016, down 23.2 percent from 2015. iPhone shares in China also declined to 9.6 percent from 13.6 percent. On Tuesday, Huawei announced that it shipped 34.55 million smartphones in the first quarter this year, up 21.6 percent from the same period in 2016, according to a Sina news report. Huawei said shipments of its mid- to high-end smartphones sales, which are priced above 2,000 yuan ($290), increased 11 percent for Q1 2017 over the same period last year. Huawei remained the world's third-largest smartphone brand in the first quarter, with global market share up from 8.4 percent to the latest 9.8 percent, said a recent IDC survey. Shipments of Oppo and Vivo phones, the fourth and fifth largest brands globally, surged 29.8 percent and 23.6 percent during the quarter, while Apple's iPhones only expanded a tepid 0.8 percent year over year. 10 years ago Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work Apple's iPhone made its debut 10 years ago. Here's a look at how it has impacted business and the enterprise. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Crowd-created Moto Mods highlight creativity, demand limits Networking Sprint launches Magic Box, an LTE small cell to boost coverage, network Mobility Microsoft's Nadella: 'We'll make more phones. But they won't look like today's devices' Amazon Amazon expands FreeTime service to all Android devices × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Sony at MWC 2017 Sony Xperia XZ Premium, XZs, XA1 Ultra, and XA1 - - - HTC U 11 will not have a headphones jack Post your comment Comments (57) Ricky 03 May 2017 HTC Android Rumros The headphone jack has been debated about ever since Motorola was the first to pull an Apple before Apple did. In short, both companies released a feature smartphone in 2016 without a headphone jack, though Apple (iPhone 7) called it courage and Motorola (Moto Z) was trying to make a stupidly thin phone. According to well-acclaimed leakster LlabTooFeR, the HTC U 11 will not feature a headphone jack, but instead, HTC will include a USB-C to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter so you can still use your favorite pair of wired headphones. #HTCU11 will have USB-C -> 3.5mm adaptor inside the box... LlabTooFeR (@LlabTooFeR) May 3, 2017 Believe it or not, the HTC Bolt (HTC 10 Evo, in other markets) didnt come with an adapter, though one was offered for free. In the HTC U Ultras case (as well as the HTC Bolts), there was no headphone adapter in the box, though there was a pair of HTCs Usonic earbuds with a USB-Type C connector. The HTC U 11 is to be announced in Taipei on Tuesday, May 16 and will feature a squeezable frame that interprets gestures based on taps, swipes, and applied pressure. If you havent already, check out the specs that leaked off the retail box. Via Related articles HTC U flagship to be officially unveiled on May 16 HTC U 11 appears in an early teaser video that shows off its Edge Sense feature AnTuTu reveals HTC U 11 specs: 12MP main camera, 16MP selfie cam HTC U 11 specs leak from retail box graphic Reader comments aylouis GgKu 48 minutes ago wish iphone8 brings back the headphone jack, then all these companies will start copying that as well Reply Anonymous 7t2X 1 hour ago Headphone +lightning plug = major fail design +function No wonder iPhone sales are down. Reply Anonymous 7t2X 1 hour ago Goodbye htc. Android users are not sheep. We should have freedom of choice. Goodbye htc. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 57 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 98,245 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 57,412 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 53,530 4. Xiaomi Mi 6 51,305 5. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 48,835 6. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 46,815 7. Sony Xperia XZ Premium 45,091 8. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 39,996 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 35,553 10. Apple iPhone 6 32,962 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,152 2. OnePlus 3 1,677 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,663 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,637 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,512 6. HTC 10 1,433 7. LG G5 1,213 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,045 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 852 10. OnePlus 3T 817 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close narrowly mixed after Fed keeps rates unchanged CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Rich clash with working class in new East Coast oyster war Carson wants to make housing available, just not too comfy Click to expand Replay Video Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Facebook will hire 3,000 more people over the next year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC's Leslie Picker reports that Puerto Rico has announced intent to trigger restructuring of the territory's debt to bondholders. CNBC Why does this Doritos bag play music? Doritos has teamed up with Marvel for a limited-edition Doritos bag that plays the soundtrack to 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' Plug headphones into the bag, hit play on the faux cassette player, and transport back to the '80s. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Markets ready for rate hikes CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Reuters1:30 Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC0:56 Why does this Doritos bag play music? CNN Money1:28 Apple too dependent on iPhone? Fox Business4:29 UK says it won't be paying $100 billion Brexit 'divorce bill' Veuer0:53 It'll cost you $10,000 to get a first-class suite on Japan's new luxury train Business Insider1:14 Hulu launches live TV streaming service Wochit Tech0:47 Box proves women are 'smoother' drivers BBC News2:31 Africa cocoa producers losing to low global prices Reuters1:41 Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Newsy1:02 Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers CNBC0:56 The best things to buy in May Money Talks News1:17 These counterfeit 'supernotes' almost tricked the Secret Service Science Channel1:35 Gander Mountain is closing a bunch of stores Veuer0:48 Interns at these companies are earning major cash Buzz601:14 The man who builds Lego for a living CNN Money1:55 UP NEXT Stocks ended mixed Wednesday after the Federal Reserve's latest monetary decision. Apple also knocked the Nasdaq from a record high. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 147.06 -0.45 -0.31% Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 111.62 -2.75 -2.40% Moody's Corporation MCO ▼ 118.65 -0.20 -0.17% AdChoices The Dow gained 8 points, recovering from earlier losses. The S&P 500 slipped 0.13 percent, with real estate leading eight sectors lower. The Nasdaq shed 0.37 percent. The Federal Reserve gave a positive assessment of the U.S. economy while keeping rates unchanged, as was widely expected. Fed's policymakers expressed some misgivings about the U.S. economy's growing just 0.7 percent in the first quarter but added they see the weakness as "transitive." The committee "continues to expect that, with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further, and inflation will stabilize around 2 percent over the medium term." In economic news, the U.S. private sector created 177,000 jobs last month, according to a report from ADP and Moody's Analytics. Economists polled by Reuters expected an addition of 175,000 jobs. The ADP and Moody's Analytics report is seen as a preview to the government's monthly jobs report, which will be released Friday. "It was pretty close to target," said Frederick. "But you have to remember that the ADP number tends to miss the boat. Last time it missed the official payroll number by its biggest margin since 2013." Load Error The final Markit services PMI reading for April hit 53.1 while the ISM non-manufacturing reading reached 57.5. Wall Street also focused on earnings, particularly those of tech giant Apple. The company reported a mixed quarter overall, with adjusted earnings per share topping analyst expectations while revenue fell just short. But Apple also said iPhone shipments totaled 50.8 million in the previous quarter, below the expected number of 52 million. Apple's stock declined about 1 percent in midday trade, knocking the Nasdaq composite off an all-time high. But Brian White, an analyst at Drexel Hamilton, said in a note he still likes Apple. "Looking forward, we believe investors will be focused on the iPhone 8 this fall, along with the company's raised capital distribution initiative, attractive valuation and potential new innovations. We continue to believe Apple remains among the most underappreciated stocks in the world," White said. The tech-heavy index traded about 0.5 percent lower after reaching all-time highs on an intraday and closing basis Tuesday. "The hiccup in Apple's numbers might have led to a slowdown in the Nasdaq and the tech sector overall," said Daniel Deming, managing director at KKM Financial. "The market seems like it's taking a breath as we get more earnings." This earnings season has been strong thus far, with more than 75 percent of companies beating profit estimates and about 70 percent topping sales forecasts as of Friday morning, according to data from The Earnings Scout. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Copycat Samsung Pushes South Korea's Government to give them a License to test Autonomous Vehicles, like Apple | Main May 03, 2017 Qualcomm Plans Retaliation against Apple and ask the International Trade Commission to Stop iPhone Sales   Last week Patently Apple posted a report titled "Qualcomm Lowers Q3 Fiscal 2017 Guidance due to Apple Holding back Royalty Payments." Qualcomm's legal team hit the roof with that move from Apple and will now retaliate by asking a U.S. trade agency to ban the imports of iPhones, according to a new Bloomberg report.   Qualcomm is preparing to ask the International Trade Commission to stop the iPhone, which is built in Asia, from entering the country, threatening to block Apple's iconic product from the American market in advance of its anticipated new model this fall, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.   Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus told Bloomberg that "They have to do something. The bigger risk is other companies or countries say we're not going to pay, too. That's the danger of letting Apple get away with this."   Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said when asked about the possibility the chipmaker could try to halt iPhone sales anywhere in the world: "Qualcomm hasn't offered fair terms as required under rules governing the licensing of patents. That's both the price and the business terms. Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple. I don't believe anyone's going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that. There's plenty of case law around that subject. But we shall see."   Cook added that "We strongly believe we're in the right. And I'm sure they believe that they are. And that's what courts are for. And so we'll let it go with that."   For more on this story, read the full Bloomberg report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 03, 2017 at 06:32 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Copycat Samsung Pushes South Korea's Government to give them a License to test Autonomous Vehicles, like Apple Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available CNBC's Jim Cramer Scores a Great Interview with Apple's CEO who announced a One Billion Dollar Investment in U.S. Jobs FBI Director backs new Senator Feinstein Push for Decryption Bill Apple's CEO seems to be in Denial about their Chinese Smartphone Competitors Outsmarting them Q2 2017 Transcript: The Financial Conference Call's Opening Statement from Apple's CEO Inventec Lands First Order for Apple's Echo-Like Home Device with Siri Apple Hits Guidance Bang On, Slightly Misses iPhone Sales Microsoft has taken their HoloLens into Education to get the Leap on their Competitors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available | Main | Qualcomm Plans Retaliation against Apple and ask the International Trade Commission to Stop iPhone Sales » May 03, 2017 Copycat Samsung Pushes South Korea's Government to give them a License to test Autonomous Vehicles, like Apple   On April 14 Patently Apple posted a report titled "California DMV Lists Apple as one of 30 Permitted to Conduct Autonomous Car Road Tests." A second report was posted on April 28 titled "Apple Provides Feedback on Proposed Autonomous Vehicle Testing to California's DMV Deputy Director." So is it any surprise that Samsung is the first tech company in South Korea to obtain a license from the government to test autonomous vehicles. Yes, monkey see, monkey do.   Business Korea reports today that Samsung Electronics has got a license from the South Korean government to test autonomous vehicles on public roads in the country, attracting attention.   The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport announced that it gave Samsung Electronics a nod for a test run. Accordingly, Samsung's deep-learning based self-driving cars, which are being developed by Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, can actually run on actual roads.   Samsung Electronics has become the nation's first electronics firm receiving a license to test driverless vehicles on public roads. The company received the 19th license since the government has introduced an autonomous vehicle temporary operation permit system for test and research purposes in February 2016, and 8th this year.   Then the report contradicts itself by stating that "In March 2016, Hyundai Motor was actually the first to gain approval to test autonomous tech on public roads in the nation, followed by Seoul National University, Hanyang University, Kia Motors, Hyundai Mobis, Korea Transportation Safety Authority, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Naver Labs and Mando.   Samsung Electronics' self-driving automobile is a commercialized Hyundai vehicle equipped with the latest cameras and sensors, including light detection and ranging (LIDAR) and radio detecting and ranging (RADAR). It also uses artificial intelligence (AI) and deep learning algorithm that should help the car "learn" how to react in certain situations, including road environment and obstacles.   In addition, Samsung Electronics plans to develop smart components such as next-generation sensors and computer modules backed by AI and the deep-learning technologies to improve cars' self-driving capabilities even in challenging weather conditions.   Having Apple get headlines related to autonomous vehicle testing drove Samsung insane and voila, magically Samsung makes sure to get a bloody license so as to not let Apple sound that they have any advantage over them. Ha! At least they're consistant.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 03, 2017 at 06:02 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Copycat Samsung Pushes South Korea's Government to give them a License to test Autonomous Vehicles, like Apple Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available CNBC's Jim Cramer Scores a Great Interview with Apple's CEO who announced a One Billion Dollar Investment in U.S. Jobs FBI Director backs new Senator Feinstein Push for Decryption Bill Apple's CEO seems to be in Denial about their Chinese Smartphone Competitors Outsmarting them Q2 2017 Transcript: The Financial Conference Call's Opening Statement from Apple's CEO Inventec Lands First Order for Apple's Echo-Like Home Device with Siri Apple Hits Guidance Bang On, Slightly Misses iPhone Sales Microsoft has taken their HoloLens into Education to get the Leap on their Competitors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Danmon Group and IBM Cloud Redefine Data Storage for Digital Media Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts Les cultures biotechnologiques et génétiquement modifiées atteignent un nouveau pic avec 185,1 millions d’hectares en 2016 Biotech/GM Crops Surge to a New Peak of 185.1 Million Hectares in 2016 Los cultivos biotecnológicos /modificados genéticamente alcanzan un nuevo récord de 185,1 millones de hectáreas en 2016 2016年生物技术/转基因作物种植面积达1.851亿公顷 再创历史新高 Culturas GM/biotecnológicas crescem, atingindo um novo pico de 185,1 milhões de hectares em 2016 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Apple previews watchOS 3 Search Recent Posts Focusky: The Best Presentation Maker for Creating Killer HTML5 Presentations Carnivore Animals ebook out now Freddie Mac Settles Second Seasoned Credit Risk Transfer Offering Nutritional High Announces an Update in Respect to Aura Health Corp ESPN3 Adds “Tie Break Tens” from Madrid on May 4 with Sharapova, Wawrinka in Star-Studded Fields RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple previews watchOS 3 San Francisco — Today, Apple previewed watchOS 3, featuring significantly improved performance with the ability to launch favorite apps instantly, enhanced navigation like the new Dock and all-new fitness and health capabilities for Apple Watch. Available this fall, this software update introduces the breakthrough Breathe app, designed to encourage users to take a moment in their day to do deep breathing exercises for relaxation and stress reduction. The Activity app now includes the ability to share, compare and compete as well as enabling wheelchair users to close their Activity rings. “Apple Watch is the ultimate companion for a healthy life and with watchOS 3, there’s now even more to love,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “Favorite apps launch instantly and are simple to access, and the breakthrough new fitness and health features like the Breathe app make it feel like a whole new watch.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Next PostNext Apple previews major update with macOS Sierra Search Recent Posts Guidry Land Development Enter Final Phase of Beau Blanc Subdivision Guidry Land Development Founder Cliff Guidry Partners with Enterprise Rent-A-Car for New Distribution Facility Southwest Gas Holdings Declares Third Quarter 2017 Dividend Theratechnologies Partner Submits Biologics License Application for HIV Monoclonal Antibody and Long-Acting Investigational Antiretroviral Ibalizumab List of 199 DECLINING Real Estate Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone The Health app on iPhone provides a complete view of your health and fitness data all in one place. The app includes Medical ID, which makes critical health information available in case of emergency to first responders and is accessible from the iPhone lock screen. Medical ID can display categories like medical conditions, allergies, medications, blood type and emergency contacts. And with iOS 10, Medical ID offers the ability to register as an organ, eye and tissue donor with Donate Life America. Availability The developer preview of iOS 10 is currently available to iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com, and a public beta program will be available to iOS users this month at beta.apple.com. iOS 10 will be available this fall as a free software update. For more information, visit apple.com/ios/ios10-preview. Donate Life America is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit alliance of national organizations and state teams across the United States committed to increasing organ, eye and tissue donation. Donate Life America manages and promotes the national brand for donation, Donate Life, and assists Donate Life State Teams and national partners in facilitating high-performing donor registries including the management of the National Donate Life Registry; developing and executing effective multi-media donor education programs; and motivating the American public to register now as organ, eye and tissue donors. For more information, visit DonateLife.net. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hello from WWDC16 Next PostNext Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Les cultures biotechnologiques et génétiquement modifiées atteignent un nouveau pic avec 185,1 millions d’hectares en 2016 Biotech/GM Crops Surge to a New Peak of 185.1 Million Hectares in 2016 Los cultivos biotecnológicos /modificados genéticamente alcanzan un nuevo récord de 185,1 millones de hectáreas en 2016 2016年生物技术/转基因作物种植面积达1.851亿公顷 再创历史新高 Culturas GM/biotecnológicas crescem, atingindo um novo pico de 185,1 milhões de hectares em 2016 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 576314. WHEN: Tuesday, July 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 9 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 4944387. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone Next PostNext Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Search Recent Posts Les cultures biotechnologiques et génétiquement modifiées atteignent un nouveau pic avec 185,1 millions d’hectares en 2016 Biotech/GM Crops Surge to a New Peak of 185.1 Million Hectares in 2016 Los cultivos biotecnológicos /modificados genéticamente alcanzan un nuevo récord de 185,1 millones de hectáreas en 2016 2016年生物技术/转基因作物种植面积达1.851亿公顷 再创历史新高 Culturas GM/biotecnológicas crescem, atingindo um novo pico de 185,1 milhões de hectares em 2016 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple announces environmental progress in China Lens Technology has committed to power all of its glass production for Apple with 100 percent renewable energy by the end of 2018, as part of Apple’s industry-leading supply chain clean energy program announced last year. Lens is the first supplier to make a clean energy commitment for all of its Apple production, and will meet its goal through an unprecedented power purchase agreement with local wind projects. Apple is working with suppliers to help transform the environmental landscape in China, and is proud to announce all 14 of its final assembly sites in China are now compliant with UL’s Zero Waste to Landfill validation. The UL standard certifies all of their manufacturing waste is reused, recycled, composted, or, when necessary, converted into energy. Since the program began in January 2015, the sites have diverted more than 140,000 metric tons of waste from landfills. “We want to show the world that you can manufacture responsibly and we’re working alongside our suppliers to help them lower their environmental impact in China,” said Lisa Jackson, Apple’s vice president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives. “We congratulate Lens for their bold step, and hope by sharing the lessons we’ve learned in our transition to renewable energy, our suppliers will continue to access clean power projects, moving China closer to its green manufacturing goals.” “Our power purchase agreement is the first of its kind in southern China and we hope it will serve as an example for other companies looking to transition to cleaner, more economical sources of power,” said Lens CEO Zhou Qunfei. “We’re pleased to be the first supplier to commit to covering all of our Apple production with renewable energy, and proud to source from local Hunan wind farms to power our facilities in Changsha.” Lens’ manufacturing with Apple currently includes two facilities in Changsha, Hunan province. Wind energy will cover 100 percent of the energy consumed producing Apple products at Lens facilities by 2018, avoiding nearly 450,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide each year, equivalent to the energy use in 380,000 Chinese homes. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Next PostNext Apple Music Festival to light up London this September Search Recent Posts Guidry Land Development Enter Final Phase of Beau Blanc Subdivision Guidry Land Development Founder Cliff Guidry Partners with Enterprise Rent-A-Car for New Distribution Facility Southwest Gas Holdings Declares Third Quarter 2017 Dividend Theratechnologies Partner Submits Biologics License Application for HIV Monoclonal Antibody and Long-Acting Investigational Antiretroviral Ibalizumab List of 199 DECLINING Real Estate Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; Nike launch Apple Watch Nike+ Features Apple Watch Nike+, like all Apple Watch Series 2 models, features built-in GPS to track pace, distance and route, so users can run without an iPhone. With the brightest display Apple has ever made, metrics are easy to read, no matter the sun’s glare, and if users decide to take a post-run dip in the pool, Apple Watch Nike+ is water resistant 50 meters, for swimming. The Nike Sport band is crafted from the same strong, flexible fluoroelastomer as the original Apple Watch Sport Band, but now it’s perforated for even better ventilation and sweat management. The lightweight band is available in four vibrant, two-tone color combinations that are unique to the collection. Apple Watch Nike+ features two exclusive watch faces inspired by Nike’s iconic style that can be easily personalized with useful apps like Activity Rings, Heart Rate, Stopwatch and Weather, helping runners stay informed at a glance.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces Apple Watch Series 2 Next PostNext Seair Director Proxyholders Vote Down Amendment to Creditors’ Proposal that would Preserve Shareholder Interests Search Recent Posts Guidry Land Development Enter Final Phase of Beau Blanc Subdivision Guidry Land Development Founder Cliff Guidry Partners with Enterprise Rent-A-Car for New Distribution Facility Southwest Gas Holdings Declares Third Quarter 2017 Dividend Theratechnologies Partner Submits Biologics License Application for HIV Monoclonal Antibody and Long-Acting Investigational Antiretroviral Ibalizumab List of 199 DECLINING Real Estate Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Seed Oil Global Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 NY, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/03/2017 — This report studies Apple Seed Oil in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1227181-global-apple-seed-oil-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Seatons The Kerfoot Group Akoma Skincare Cyrus Enterprises CocoJoJo Organic Pure Oil Leven Rose Innisfree … By types, the market can be split into Medical Grade Cosmetics Grade By Application, the market can be split into Cosmetics Medicinal By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1227181-global-apple-seed-oil-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Apple Seed Oil Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Apple Seed Oil 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Apple Seed Oil 1.1.1 Definition of Apple Seed Oil 1.1.2 Specifications of Apple Seed Oil 1.2 Classification of Apple Seed Oil 1.2.1 Medical Grade 1.2.2 Cosmetics Grade 1.3 Applications of Apple Seed Oil 1.3.1 Cosmetics 1.3.2 Medicinal 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Apple Seed Oil 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Apple Seed Oil 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Apple Seed Oil 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Apple Seed Oil 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Apple Seed Oil 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Apple Seed Oil Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Apple Seed Oil Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Apple Seed Oil Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Apple Seed Oil Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Apple Seed Oil Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Seed Oil Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Apple Seed Oil Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Seed Oil Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Apple Seed Oil Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Apple Seed Oil Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Apple Seed Oil Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Apple Seed Oil Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Apple Seed Oil Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Apple Seed Oil Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Apple Seed Oil Market Share Analysis ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1227181 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global LED Protection Devices Sales Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Survey, Analysis and Forecast Next PostNext Global Emergency Medical Kit Sales Market 2017 – Features Key Vendors ( Oscar Boscarol, Paramed International, PVS, Simulaids, Taumediplast, AKLA, Blume, Botiquin Sans ) Search Recent Posts ROSTHERNE, A New Favorite of Anti-aging Beauty Awards Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes ErickDy Consulting Helps Dental Practices and Their Potential Clients Find Each Other Golden Hill TruckCoin Officially Welcomes & Congratulates Vietnam Market Leaders During Inaugural Five Star Hotel Dinner Gala RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME LOCAL POLITICS INTERVIEWS WORLD SPORTS COLUMNS EDITORIAL MY TAPROBANA RED CARPET CEYLON POLITICS TALKING CRICKET MINORITY PERSPECTIVES MY SERENDIB SCI / TECH ENTERTAINMENT GALLERY BIZARRE Features Mosaic Lite Hello PRINT EDITION News Columns Sport Focus Interviews FT Opinion E-PAPER CONTACT Asia markets mixed with eye on US Fed   👤  2675 readers have read this article ! By 2017-05-04 CNBC: Asian markets were mixed on Wednesday, as gains on Wall Street overnight were offset by disappointment with Apple earnings, with traders looking ahead to the US Federal Reserve meeting results. In Australia, the S&P/ASX 200 ended down 0.98 per cent, or 58.065 points, at 5892.30, amid declines in banking and some resources shares. On the mainland, the Shanghai Composite shed 0.28 per cent, while the Shenzhen Composite was off 0.25 per cent in afternoon trade. Taiwan›s Taiex closed up 0.14 per cent, or 14.06 points, at 9955.33, while in afternoon trade, Singapore›s Straits Times Index added 0.73 per cent. Markets in Japan, South Korea and Hong Kong are shut Wednesday for public holidays. Japan is shut for the rest of the week for the Golden Week holiday. The Fed was expected to hold interest rates steady after its two-day meeting that began Tuesday, as it pauses to examine more economic data, but it may hint that conditions are on track for an increase in June. Market expectations for a rate hike following this meeting are just 4.8 per cent, according to the CME Group›s FedWatch tool. "The solid increase in first quarter employment costs will give the FOMC confidence that inflation remains on track to meet its medium term target of 2 per cent per annum. We expect the FOMC to leave policy unchanged tomorrow but increase the Funds rate in June," Commonwealth Bank said in a note on Wednesday. Asia-Pacific Markets Shares of Apple suppliers were mixed after the iPhone maker's earnings disappointed. Apple reported after the bell. While quarterly earnings beat expectations, revenue fell short of estimates as the company sold fewer iPhones than expected. The tech giant guided to third quarter revenue of around $44.5 billion, a bit below market consensus. Apple shares were down 2.4 per cent in post-market trade. Among suppliers, Hon Hai ended up 0.50 per cent and Pegatron was flat, but Largan added 0.4 per cent and Catcher rose 0.81 per cent. Nomura said in a note on Wednesday that the outlook for suppliers could improve ahead. "The market expects Apple to launch new iPad series in the June quarter, and we think the new products will help to revive iPad component makers' revenues in the second quarter of 2017," Nomura said. In Asian trade, oil prices rebounded with US light crude up 0.80 per cent at $48.03 a barrel at 2:46 p.m. HK/SIN, after dropping 2.4 per cent overnight, and Brent rose 0.89 per cent to $50.90, after falling 2.3 per cent overnight. Overnight, oil prices sharply extended losses just before Tuesday's settlement, with US crude breaking below $48 a barrel for the first time in more than a month. The contracts had tumbled overnight as rising output in the United States, Canada and Libya offset news of falling production in Russia and OPEC. But after the market close, industry estimates showed crude inventories fell a more than expected 4.16 million barrels at the end of last week, the American Petroleum Institute (API) said Tuesday, offering support. Among Australian-listed companies, BHP Billiton's ration outlook was changed to positive from stable by Moody's Investors Service on Wednesday, while keeping the A3 rating unchanged. "The change in outlook to positive reflects our expectation that BHP Billiton will continue to generate material earnings and solid free cash flow in the current environment," Matthew Moore, a senior credit officer at Moody's said in a statement. "This will allow the group to maintain strong margins and credit metrics for its ratings over the next 12-18 months, despite our expectations for lower commodity prices." BHP shares ended down 2.31 per cent, swept in a downdraft among Australian resources plays. Rio Tinto was down 0.95 per cent, Alacer Gold was off 3.35 per cent and Woodside shed 0.50 per cent. COLUMNS Best man is better than best laws  👤2846 🕔2017-05-03 Sri Lanka will miss an off spinner in England  👤3736 🕔2017-04-30 Will TUs make Maithri meet the same fate as SWRD?  👤4207 🕔2017-04-30 A non-violent demonstration in North and East  👤3822 🕔2017-04-29 Crowds, Political Pulse  👤2203 🕔2017-05-04 view all Interviews INTERVIEWS A VERITABLE TIME BOMB👤1955 🕔2017-05-01 05:35:54 Unholy alliance with UNP👤2434 🕔2017-04-30 10:33:17 JVP to sue govt for manslaughter👤2099 🕔2017-04-30 10:30:30 I like Russia’s war history– Uvindu Wijeweera👤1708 🕔2017-04-30 10:28:10 Sampanthan has forgotten his people’s grievanceS👤3021 🕔2017-04-25 10:11:52 Anoka’s Mangrove campaign👤4936 🕔2017-04-24 08:23:30 Garbage crisis has reached epic proportions👤4963 🕔2017-04-23 08:39:35 Ministry of Megapolis responsible for Meethotamulla TRAGEDY👤3004 🕔2017-04-23 05:42:07 MR confident of ousting govt next year – Dinesh👤3644 🕔2017-04-21 06:36:54 PRINT EDITION News Supreme Court Thumbs Up for Forex Bill  👤3098  🕔2017-05-04 CB Annual Report to Prez  👤3090  🕔2017-05-04 GMOA HITS BACK WITH VENGEANCE  👤3112  🕔2017-05-04 No Hanuman Bridge – Ranil  👤3098  🕔2017-05-04 Must Anti-Corruption Secretariat Go?  👤3142  🕔2017-05-04 Cabinet OK for Reconciliation, Coexistence Plan  👤3100  🕔2017-05-04 Geetha Disqualified from Parliament  👤3090  🕔2017-05-04 Udaya de Silva a President’s Counsel  👤3098  🕔2017-05-04 Observe Legal Precedent – BASL Tells Prez  👤3091  🕔2017-05-04 PM reveals plans in Parliament  👤3098  🕔2017-05-04 HOISTING BLACK FLAGS AGAINsT MODI’S VISIT?  👤3099  🕔2017-05-04 FONSEKA TO HEAD ARMED FORCES OR NOT?  👤3097  🕔2017-05-04 Mahinda thanks all  👤3093  🕔2017-05-04 Why US went to war in Vietnam  👤3116  🕔2017-05-04 CID find spot where student killed   👤3093  🕔2017-05-04 Read More Columns New Constitution Solution to unknown problems  👤2736  🕔2017-05-04 With gay abandon in the mind of a child  👤2672  🕔2017-05-04 Southern Province in semis  👤2203  🕔2017-05-03 Six athletes picked for Commonwealth Youth Games  👤2647  🕔2017-05-02 BULLYING by the West  👤2735  🕔2017-05-02 SLC rope in Donald as fast bowling consultant  👤1586  🕔2017-05-01 Read More Sport Five 7’s players to be named in XV’s squad?  👤2690  🕔2017-05-04 Air Force emerge winners   👤2670  🕔2017-05-04 Scheduling mishaps by World bodies leave youth athletes in quandary   👤2672  🕔2017-05-04 Pakistan in strong position against Windies  👤2672  🕔2017-05-04 US want study of world records proposal  👤2673  🕔2017-05-04 Real hammer rivals Atletico  👤2672  🕔2017-05-04 Khan targets November ring return   👤2670  🕔2017-05-04 Murray confident Sharapova will play at Wimbledon  👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 Archery training puts athletes in jeopardy  👤2664  🕔2017-05-04 Fowler-Watts Trophy U-12, U-14 cricket  👤2664  🕔2017-05-04 Read More Focus Individual preference system should go  👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 ‘BRIDGE ON THE KOTTE ROAD’ READY END 2O17  👤2712  🕔2017-05-04 Appearances can be deceptive  👤2875  🕔2017-05-03 Deconstructing depression  👤2995  🕔2017-05-03 Flying cars prepare for take off  👤2861  🕔2017-05-03 Gold falls into a bull market  👤1968  🕔2017-05-02 Of Cherry picking,injustice & setting the record straight!  👤1208  🕔2017-05-01 Cultivation fund looted Compensation for farmers put on hold  👤3570  🕔2017-04-30 crisis brewing in petroleum sector  👤4013  🕔2017-04-30 Religious extremism spreads in maldives  👤3554  🕔2017-04-30 Read More Interviews CBK wants Ranil to be President in 2020– Dullas  👤2684  🕔2017-05-04 Resignation from minister post a conscientious decision – Pramitha  👤2540  🕔2017-05-03 Use of Tamil Language in plantation sector necessary  👤1441  🕔2017-05-02 A VERITABLE TIME BOMB  👤1954  🕔2017-05-01 Unholy alliance with UNP  👤2165  🕔2017-04-30 JVP to sue govt for manslaughter  👤1851  🕔2017-04-30 Read More FT Vision Care Nethralokana Sathkara   👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 IPM National HR Conference 2017 in June  👤2674  🕔2017-05-04 ‘Be careful of what you wish for’  👤2732  🕔2017-05-04 Ransomware – The risks and what you can do about it  👤2676  🕔2017-05-04 Japanese domestic insanitary water cleaning system  👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 Getting better, or worse?   👤2674  🕔2017-05-04 Dell EMC announces Roshan Nugawela as Country Head  👤2675  🕔2017-05-04 SEA students stand out at Imagine Cup  👤2670  🕔2017-05-04 SLT hosts meeting of two submarine cable maintenance consortiums  👤2673  🕔2017-05-04 LAUGFS H’tota LPG Terminal on track for 2018 commissioning  👤2675  🕔2017-05-04 Commercial Bank’s ‘e-Passbook’ wins Gold in Mumbai  👤2676  🕔2017-05-04 Ford Double Cabs presented to State Depts  👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 Mobitel – First to include Instagram in Social Networking bundle  👤2671  🕔2017-05-04 Asia markets mixed with eye on US Fed  👤2675  🕔2017-05-04 Shares fall near one-week low  👤2675  🕔2017-05-04 Read More Opinion GSP+ A victory or an awaiting failure?  👤3916  🕔2017-05-03 Who wants a new Constitution?  👤3951  🕔2017-04-27 The New Constitution Creating divisions for democracy  👤1819  🕔2017-04-13 Read More Features Mosaic Forays into the World of Witchcraft, Black Magic, Curses and Demons  👤3897  🕔2017-04-30 6th International Conference of Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka (6th ICSUSL)  👤4028  🕔2017-04-30 My First Art Class  👤3924  🕔2017-04-30 Sinhala Tamil New Year Celebrations  👤3880  🕔2017-04-30 Hindustani Vocal and Instrumental recital  👤3872  🕔2017-04-30 Gregory Bateson and Communication Studies  👤3861  🕔2017-04-30 Songs to Enlighten Lives  👤3958  🕔2017-04-30 Modifying Culture  👤3875  🕔2017-04-30 Read More Lite Taking yoga to a new height  👤1477  🕔2017-04-30 Mixed Doubles – review English humour and a happy ending  👤1444  🕔2017-04-30 Photographic tips from the expert  👤1474  🕔2017-04-30 Jewel in the crown  👤1445  🕔2017-04-30 Mixing oil and water  👤1444  🕔2017-04-30 Shirley Temple  👤1467  🕔2017-04-30 Read More Hello A night of music and innovation  👤1438  🕔2017-04-30 Predictable But Entertaining  👤1459  🕔2017-04-30 Affordable luxury’   👤1467  🕔2017-04-30 21 records shattered  👤1445  🕔2017-04-30 Uniting through music  👤1832  🕔2017-04-23 Yunho  👤1820  🕔2017-04-23 Read More LATEST NEWS Facebook nears two billion monthly users  👤117 🕔2017-05-04 12:02:26 National War Heroes Day Celebrations in all Provinces  👤355 🕔2017-05-04 11:18:23 President to open Thamankaduwa DS building tomorrow  👤441 🕔2017-05-04 10:52:00 No Hanuman Bridge – Ranil  👤484 🕔2017-05-04 10:23:19 HOISTING BLACK FLAGS AGAINsT MODI’S VISIT?  👤582 🕔2017-05-04 09:58:08 Weather today  👤627 🕔2017-05-04 09:18:29 Unbeaten WP(N) will meet WP(S) in the semi-final today  👤691 🕔2017-05-04 08:43:04 Launch of Collectique  👤1588 🕔2017-05-03 19:55:44 Read More TODAY CARTOON Galleries   Launch of Collectique View all photos Contact No : General: +94 0117566566 Marketing Manager : +94 117566550 Marketing Department - General : +94 117566572, +94 117566568 Circulation Manager : +94 117566580, +94 117566581 Editorial : +94 117 566 522, +94 117 566 526 Email : [email protected] All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ceylontoday.lk' Copyright © 2016 Ceylon Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd.
Tim Cook: Apple creating $1B fund to bring manufacturing jobs to - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Tim Cook: Apple creating $1B fund to bring manufacturing jobs to the U.S. Posted: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 7:35 PM EDT Tim Cook, CEO of Apple. By Jackie Wattles NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Apple CEO Tim Cook said Apple is putting $1 billion into a fund aimed at bringing advanced manufacturing jobs to the United States. Speaking on CNBC's Mad Money on Wednesday, Cook boasted that Apple has already created two million jobs in America and said the company has plans to hire "thousands more employees in the future." But Apple is searching for ways to do more, Cook said. He called the $1 billion an "initial" donation to the fund and said he's already spoken with one company that he plans to invest in. Apple declined to provide any additional details but Cook said it would announce more about the fund later this month. "By doing that we can be the ripple in the pond," Cook said. "If we can create many manufacturing jobs, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them." Cook also said Apple plans to put money into programs that will train "the next generation" of app developers, and he plans to announce more about that this summer. "You can see, we're really looking at this thing deeply. How do we grow our employee base? How do we grow our developer base? And how do we grow manufacturing?" Cook said. "And you will see us bring things to market in all of those areas across this year." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iOS 11, macOS 10.13 Could Feature App Based On ‘Workflow’ By Tyler Lee on 05/03/2017 16:51 PDT With WWDC 2017 kicking off next month, we’re sure many iOS and macOS users are eager to see what kind of new features and changes Apple will be bringing to the table. Of course there are all kinds of possibilities here, but one particular feature could be a brand new app that is based on the recently-acquired “Workflow”. This is according to a report from Redmond Pie, it seems that Apple could have a new app for iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 that will be based on the automation app “Workflow”. For those unfamiliar with Workflow, it’s an app that lets users automate certain tasks on their phones, making life a lot easier and efficient in the process. The rumored app is said to be called “Automater” and will feature deeper integration with iOS and iCloud. It is also rumored that the app could potentially replace the Home app which allows users to control various HomeKit devices within a single app. Functionality will remain the same, instead what we can expect is a new app name and possibly a new UI and features. Apple acquired Workflow back in March earlier this year. While Apple did not remove the app, it was revealed that the app would no longer receive anymore significant updates. We speculated that maybe the reason the app was kept around was so that users could get used to it and prepare themselves for Apple’s own version. In any case take it with a grain of salt, but Workflow currently exists as a free download so you can check it out if you’re curious about it. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Computers >Rumors. Read more about Apps, iOS, ios 11, macos. Related Articles 2017-05-02 Fisherman Credit Siri For Saving Their Lives 2017-05-01 Apple Partners With Tynker To Teach Kids How To Code 2017-04-28 Google Search On iOS Shows Movie And Music Streaming Services 2017-04-27 Update To Google Trips Makes It Easier To Plan Your Holiday 2017-04-27 Super Mario Run Has Been Downloaded Nearly 150 Million Times 2017-04-25 Google Maps For iOS Gets Parking Reminders 2016-11-09 Apple TV Apps Can Now Be Purchased On iOS & macOS Devices Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 Apple AirPods 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android « New Netflix Defenders' trailer looks promising | Main | Here’s your chance to have lunch with Apple CEO Tim Cook at Apple Park » Wednesday May032017 Review: Lenovo Moto G5 Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 9:00AM By Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla The mid-range of the smartphone market may seem crowded, but there's been one clear winner in terms of features, affordability and battery life and that's the Moto G line.  Lenovo’s Moto G line is growing up. What was once a fun, quirky and customizable middle child is now going upscale with a more serious look and feel, improved metal case back, better camera and more bespoke software and functionality from Moto.  I reviewed the lesser of the Moto G5’s (the plus model, which has a stronger processor, slightly larger display and more RAM is limited to specific countries). Moto G5 is available from Bell Mobility, MTS, SaskTel, Videotron and Virgin Mobile for about $250. At first glance, the latest Moto G feels more Lenovo than Motorola. What I mean by this is that it adheres to a more stark, businesslike, and muted look. While this isn’t a negative thing, since the Moto G now appeals to more users looking for a more stylish affordable option, it removes the colorful and fun aspect that made the Moto Gs of generations past so accessible.  Moto has added precision-crafted metal design, but this is really just a thin metal backplate, the front display is still swathed in cheap plastic. I do like the Lunar Grey color which is similar to Apple’s Space Grey. With a 5.0’ display, the Moto G5 works great and fits very nicely in the hand. Its 1080p Full HD (1920 x 1080) display with 441 pixels per inch does a laudable job of playing back video, but it does feel a bit dark at times and outdoor visibility isn’t very good.  The Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, with an octa-core CPU running at 1.4GHz has an Adreno 505 GPU that’s good for up to 450 MHz. This is a hardy and efficient processor which handily beats the Moto X Play which was the lesser of 2015’s flagships. There’s 2 GB of onboard RAM, although some versions come with 3GB (which at this point should be standard since this would be a factor in extending the phone’s capabilities in the future).  There’s also 16 GB of storage, which is really not enough for today's heavy content use,  but thankfully upgradeable via microSD card. I added a 64GB card on my review unit to have some more breathing room for music, photos, and videos.  The specs of the Moto G5 are impressive, especially for the price. Knowing that there are other options that aren’t available to Canadians (such as a 3GB version, with 32GB of storage, or the even more powerful Moto G5 Plus) is a bit of a downer, specially if your plan on keeping your phone longer than two years. Other Moto G qualities that have made the line Motorola’s best seller are also on tap. There’s big 2800 mAh battery that will easily last one to two days on a full charge. There’s quick charge functionality that adds hours of use in minutes and we get water protection thanks to the water-repellent nano-coating. Lenovo seems to have abandoned the Moto Maker ideal of customization and playfulness so what you see here is what you get. Moto G5 runs nearly stock Android N, which is great for a budget device. Google Assistant is also present here which is great since this was previously only available on the Google Pixel and the LG G something. We also get a slew of Moto Actions, tricks like turning the phone quickly to enable the camera or double-chopping to turn on the flashlight.      This is the first Moto G with a fingerprint reader, which makes accessing the phone a lot easier. The fingerprint reader also doubles as a trackpad and takes certain gestures that effectively try to replace Android’s Home, Back, and Recent buttons. There’s definitely a learning curve, and it is not for everyone but if you do master the One Button control, you do gain more screen real estate. Personally, I have grown fond of the gestures and use them to navigate more than I thought I would. Cameras have been upgraded and the Moto G5 now has a 13MP rear camera with an f/2.0 aperture and a wide angle 5MP front facing shooter with a f/2.2 aperture aren’t the fastest cameras but they do shoot great photos and decent 1080p HD video. Below are some unaltered sample shots. The Moto G5 is a durable smartphone. My review unit was shoved off my kitchen counter and fell face down three feet into hard linoleum (ouch). This is the sort of mishap that would have shattered most smartphones, disabling them completely or at least guaranteeing a repair bill upwards of $200.  The Moto G5’s backplate simply separated from the display. I connected both parts and looked it over, there wasn’t a scratch or a dent and the Moto G5 has been working just fine. This smartphone didn’t even have a protective case on. Durability of this level is by design and something Moto G’s have always featured.    I like th Moto G5, I enjoy using it. If it were up to me I'd pay $40 extra for more RAM and larger onboard storage. The Moto G5 is a tremendous accomplishment, specially for the price. It is almost perfect as a midrange device and is really one NFC chip and USB Type-C port away from being a great choice. For users who don't see themselves using mobile payments or want the latest standard in connectivity, the Moto G5 will be sufficient for most of their needs.   Hits: Updated design, more premium metal backplate 2 Day battery life on a single charge, TurboCharging capability available Fingerprint reader, new Moto Actions and One button control work well if you give them time Tough and durable, with splash resistance   Misses: Measly 2GB of RAM No NFC chip for mobile payments Still uses old microUSB charging standard   Rating: 4 out of 5 Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Canada, Lenovo Moto G5 Email Article in Events and Launches, Motorola, Product launch, Reviews Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10 Evernote 6.11     Related Articles Playing Around with Swift on the iPad (13 Jun 16) On the iPhone, Virtual Reality Is Unofficially Real (17 Jun 16) Windows Goes Universal… and Holographic (23 Jan 15)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 03 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) New Microsoft OS and Laptop Aim at Apple and Google in Education by Julio Ojeda-Zapata Tech titans have clashed for decades in the education market. Early on, Apple had an enviable position in K-12 and higher education, first with the Apple II and later the Mac, but later on lost ground to inexpensive Windows-based PCs. Then came the iPad and an Apple resurgence in the classroom, only to have that challenged by Google and its Web-centric Chromebooks. Meanwhile, Microsoft has been planning its return to the education market. The Redmond tech giant showed its hand on 2 May 2017 in a press event that glossed over the consumer and business realms for once and focused squarely on education. The keynote, brief as these things go, revealed a new Surface laptop intended primarily for use in classrooms, a new flavor of the Windows operating system – again, largely for student use – and a bunch of education-friendly software tools. Let’s break it all down, so those who work with or recommend Apple’s education solutions know what the alternatives are. Surface Laptop -- In education, both the iPad and Chromebooks have their problems. As a tablet, the iPad is a bit awkward for writing because it lacks an integrated physical keyboard. It’s pricey, too. Chromebooks have keyboards and tend to be less expensive but, unlike muscular and nicely constructed iPads, they have a reputation for being underpowered and chintzy. Microsoft aims to lick both problems with its new Surface Laptop, a well-built and powerful PC with a traditional clamshell configuration that’s also relatively affordable. Starting at $999, the 2.76 pound (1.25 kg) Surface Laptop uses beefy 7th-generation Intel Core processors, boasts an advertised 14.5 hours of battery life, and features a 13.5-inch, 3.4-million-pixel touch display with Gorilla Glass 3 for ruggedness (a must in the classroom). Microsoft claims this “PixelSense” display is the thinnest LCD touch screen on any notebook and brags that the laptop has 4 more hours of battery life than a 13-inch MacBook Pro under certain conditions. Aesthetics include anodized metal outside — in an Apple-like move, it comes in a choice of four shades: Burgundy, Cobalt Blue, Graphite Gold, and Platinum. Inside, the Surface Laptop uses warmer materials, including soft-to-the-touch Alcantara fabric surrounding the keyboard and trackpad — the same durable, stain-resistant polyester/polyurethane fabric found on the outside of Microsoft’s Surface Pro tablet keyboard covers. The Surface Laptop, which is 0.57 inches (14.47 mm) at its thickest point, is a notable departure from previous Surface gear that boasts less conventional designs. It’s neither a chunky Surface Book with a weird hinge and removable screen nor a Surface Pro tablet with detachable keyboard and metal flip-out stand. Windows 10 S -- Apple’s iOS and Google’s Chrome OS have a reputation for being simple to use and manage, though in radically different ways. Now Microsoft is offering a third choice, a simplified version of Windows it calls Windows 10 S and intends largely for classroom use. To that end, it’s somewhat limited: it only runs apps from Microsoft’s app store, leaving out many traditional desktop apps. The reasoning is similar to Apple’s with the Mac App Store: apps offered for download have been vetted for security and offer uniformity in how they are used, both of which are music to the ears of classroom tech administrators. But Microsoft has tried app-store-only Windows versions before without much success. Windows 10 S has other notable limitations. Users can’t designate a default Web browser other than Microsoft’s own Edge. Nor can they change the search provider to something other than Microsoft’s Bing. Microsoft announced that full-featured versions of its Office apps would be made available via the app store — until now, its app store offered only limited versions of the Office apps. Microsoft is also adapting its Edge Web browser with students in mind, adding a space for organizing tabs into groups, which could be useful for thematic organization when writing school papers and the like. Tech administrators also get a few goodies, including the option to upgrade any Windows 10 S PC to Windows 10 Pro (after which it cannot be reverted to Windows 10 S) and an option to set up classroom laptops automatically just by inserting a USB flash drive with Windows 10 S configuration specs. Microsoft is not keeping Windows 10 S to itself. In addition to the Surface Laptop, notebooks from the likes of Acer, Asus, Dell, Fujitsu, HP, Samsung, and Toshiba will run Windows 10 S. Some of these machines will reportedly cost as little as $189, putting them squarely in the same price range as cheap Chromebooks. Teams, Minecraft, and More -- Although Microsoft has been expanding into hardware, it’s a software company at its core, so it’s not surprising that Monday’s keynote focused on applications suitable for education. One of these is Microsoft Teams, group chat software initially released for the business market. In now offering it to the education market, the company said it will “make Teams the digital hub for the classroom where teachers and students come to collaborate and learn.” Focusing Teams on education is an important move for Microsoft to make because of the robust collaboration features built into Google’s productivity apps, which are widely used in schools as well as businesses. In addition, platform-agnostic products such as Slack are making group chat an essential part of modern collaboration in both business and education. Microsoft also made an announcement related to Minecraft, the popular world-building software it bought in 2014. It is now building in coding features aimed at students, which is not unlike how Apple positions its Swift Playgrounds coding app (see “Playing Around with Swift on the iPad,” 13 June 2016). These changes will integrate Minecraft with student-coding platforms like Tynker, ScratchX, and Microsoft’s MakeCode, along with grown-up coding technology JavaScript. In this manner, students can write code that makes things happen in Minecraft environments, like building structures. Again, this isn’t far off from what Apple does in Swift Playgrounds, although Minecraft is already hugely popular among the school-age set. Microsoft also announced a renewed push into “mixed reality” with students in mind. Mixed reality refers to a combination of virtual reality (where you strap on goggles to navigate simulated worlds) and augmented reality (which layers digital constructs onto the real world; think Pokémon Go). Gear like Microsoft’s HoloLens headset is intended to facilitate such blended experiences, with more Microsoft mixed-reality hardware said to be on the way (see “Windows Goes Universal… and Holographic,” 23 January 2015, and “On the iPhone, Virtual Reality Is Unofficially Real,” 17 June 2016). In addition, Microsoft announced a deal with education-content giant Pearson, which has pledged to offer mixed-reality content in a variety of topic areas, including health, commerce, history, and STEM (short for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics). The Third Option -- Despite the continued prevalence of Windows PCs in schools, Microsoft has clearly been feeling left behind by Apple and Google in the education market. To respond, Microsoft has adapted its core products into what it believes is a compelling package for educators and their administration overlords: a powerful, durable laptop that, along with a familiar operating system modified for increased ease of use and security. Also, Minecraft! Naysayers will note that the new Surface Laptop is not exactly education-priced: a starting price of $999 is steep compared to Chromebooks that can be had for as little as $200. Also, Microsoft’s education-focused message gets muddled when it makes comparisons to the MacBook Pro, which may be relevant in higher education, but less so in the K-12 classroom. Critics will also wonder why Microsoft is releasing yet another limited version of Windows. Didn’t it learn anything from the likes of Windows RT and Windows Starter Edition, two previous attempts to push simplified versions of its iconic operating system? But educators who are weary of rickety Chromebooks and keyboard-less iPads may look seriously at Microsoft’s offerings. And if that fosters competition, schools win in the end.   PDFpen and PDFpenPro 9 add 100+ enhancements to improve your PDF editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <http://smle.us/pdfpen9-tb>   Comments about New Microsoft OS and Laptop Aim at Apple and Google in Education To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Microsoft is making a renewed push in education to compete with Apple and Google, which have done well in that market. The company announced a new student laptop, a simplified version of Windows, and an assortment of new software tools. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Login All Reviews Editorials News iPhone 8 Renders Replace Home Button with Touch Bar Function Area Apple Will Launch $1 Billion Investment Fund for Advanced Manufacturing Apple Opens up App Store Referral Data to Developers Tips iOS: Assisted GPS and Why iPhone GPS Can't Be Perfect All the Time watchOS: Don't Automatically Install Apple Watch Apps Podcasts Dr. Mac on Procrastinating, Touch-Screen Macs, and Siri at Home - ACM 409 Apple's Q2 Earnings Report, Microsoft Surface Laptop - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-03 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates View All Editorials → Brookfield Residential Will Build First Ever Apple HomeKit Houses Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read May 3rd, 2017 4:22 PM EDT | News The next time you’re driving around California, you may find brand new Apple HomeKit houses built by Brookfield Residential. Other builders have offered HomeKit upgrade packages, but Brookfield will be the first to integrate HomeKit from the ground up, making it a standard. California Apple HomeKit Houses Brookfield Residential will be installing HomeKit-enabled accessories in new homes, which include: Lutron Control Lighting (in select areas of the home) Honeywell Lyric T6 Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt (Bluetooth-enabled front door lock) Ubiquiti Wireless Access Point (WAP – providing peak Wi-Fi performance throughout the home) Brookfield Residential Chief Operating Officer Adrian Foley said: We always think forward to anticipate consumer demand, and Brookfield Residential has for more than a year explored collaborations with Apple HomeKit controls…Now the market is ready to align on a large scale with Apple’s clear and convenient HomeKit design. We will offer buyers The Connected Home Experience with Apple HomeKit in all our new Southern California neighborhoods. The Delano neighborhood in Irvine’s Eastwood Village will be the first to become HomeKit houses. Other neighborhoods to follow are: The Collection in Playa Vista Flora, Prado, and Haciendas at Escaya in Chula Vista Vientos, Candela, and Terracina at Rancho Tesoro in San Marcos Beverly at Eastwood in Irvine Citrus in Palm at Rosedale in Azusa Shutters at Edenglen in Ontario Ranch Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Brookfield Residential, HomeKit, smarthome You might also like… Apple is Converting Mac Pro From a Fad to a Monster Graphics Platform Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Bob LeVitus | May 3, 2017 Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception John Martellaro | May 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $147.06 -0.45 (-0.31%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iPhone 8 Renders Replace Home Button with Touch Bar Function Area Apple Will Launch $1 Billion Investment Fund for Advanced Manufacturing Apple Opens up App Store Referral Data to Developers Hulu with Live TV Streaming Service Launches on iOS, Apple TV, Xbox One Brookfield Residential Will Build First Ever Apple HomeKit Houses Recent Tips See All » iOS: Assisted GPS and Why iPhone GPS Can't Be Perfect All the Time watchOS: Don't Automatically Install Apple Watch Apps How to Require a Password to Wake Your Mac from Sleep or Screen Saver Unsubscribe, Unsubscribe Again, and then Unsubscribe Some More macOS: Recover Lost Tabs and Windows in Safari Recent Editorials See All » Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs Microsoft Surface in Schools Aims at Google in Education with Apple Caught in the Crossfire Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer 16319 Andrew Orr news 0 1493828563 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News iPhone 8 Renders Replace Home Button with Touch Bar Function Area Apple Will Launch $1 Billion Investment Fund for Advanced Manufacturing Apple Opens up App Store Referral Data to Developers Tips iOS: Assisted GPS and Why iPhone GPS Can't Be Perfect All the Time watchOS: Don't Automatically Install Apple Watch Apps Podcasts Dr. Mac on Procrastinating, Touch-Screen Macs, and Siri at Home - ACM 409 Apple's Q2 Earnings Report, Microsoft Surface Laptop - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-03 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates View All Editorials → Dr. Mac on Procrastinating, Touch-Screen Macs, and Siri at Home – ACM 409 Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin May 3rd, 2017 5:54 PM EDT | Apple Context Machine Podcast Bob “Dr. Mac” LeVitus joins Bryan and Jeff to talk about his new book, Working Smarter for Mac Users. It’s all about beating procrastination. They also talk about Apple, toasterfridges, and touch-screen Macs, and whether Apple would compete with Amazon’s Alexa in the home. MP3 Feed Feedback Dr. Mac on Procrastinating, Touch-Screen Macs, and Siri at Home - ACM 409 5:54 PM May. 3rd, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Bob “Dr. Mac” LeVitus joins Bryan and Jeff to talk about his new book, Working Smarter for Mac Users. It’s all about beating procrastination. They... Sources referenced in this episode: Apple’s Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it’s Self-Deception Inventec Lands Deal to Make Apple’s Siri AI Speaker Working Smarter for Mac Users – Bob’s Site Working Smarter for Mac Users – Amazon Working Smarter for Mac Users – iBooks Jeff’s Twitter Bryan’s Twitter Jeff’s blog: Fresh Brewed Tales Bryan’s blog: Geek Tells Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Alexa, Apple, Home Button, Inventec, SIri, Smarthone, Tim Cook, Working Smarter for Mac Users One Comment Add a comment Jonny Jack May 3, 2017 touch screen Keep it PC’s with touch screens really suck If I can’t use a wireless mouse than keep it May 3, 2017 at 8:58 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Bob LeVitus | May 3, 2017 Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception John Martellaro | May 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $147.06 -0.45 (-0.31%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 16343 Bryan Chaffin apple-context-machine 1 1493834054 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Fiji Time: 7:08 PM on Thursday 4 May Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / Business iPhone sales dip Reuters Thursday, May 04, 2017 APPLE Inc reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter yesterday, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Under pressure from shareholders to hand over more of its $250 billion-plus hoard of cash and investments, Apple boosted its capital return program by $50 billion, increased its share repurchase authorisation by $35b and raised its quarterly dividend by 10.5 per cent. Investors were unmoved, sending shares of the world's most valuable listed company down 1.9 per cent at $144.65 in after-hours trading. Apple sold 50.76 million iPhones in its fiscal second quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier. Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27m, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet. Apple chief financial officer Luca Maestri argued the decline was not as bad as it looked, given the peculiarities of how phone sales are calculated. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6610 0.6420 JPY 54.8862 51.8862 GBP 0.3728 0.3648 EUR 0.4420 0.4300 NZD 0.7061 0.6731 AUD 0.6516 0.6266 USD 0.4833 0.4663 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 4th, May, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Ray of hope NFP: Do your duty Committee refutes claim Dispute over title Illegal business concern Eyes on Bati 'Report suspicious vessels' Double honours Ministry claims loss of $137k Reddy: Peddlers targeting students Top Stories this Week Mystery chests Friday (28 Apr) Forging a special bond Tuesday (02 May) Assault allegation Saturday (29 Apr) Flotsam and Jetsam Monday (01 May) SPEAKER: No links to FijiFirst Tuesday (02 May) Cyclone Donna, will bring strong winds over Fiji waters Wednesday (03 May) Biman 'removed' Friday (28 Apr) The Jedi warrior Monday (01 May) Have a say Tuesday (02 May) Toddler, 3, found dead, family grieves Monday (01 May) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Next-Gen iPhones Might Not See An Increase In RAM By Tyler Lee on 05/03/2017 16:19 PDT Image credit – iFixit If you’re wondering if Apple could increase the amount of RAM in its next-gen iPhones, or if you’re hoping that will be the case, you could end up disappointed. This is because according to analyst firm Trendforce, they are predicting that Apple will instead be maintaining the same amount of RAM in their iPhones. Why is this? Apparently this is due to the rising prices of DRAM and NAND. Apple themselves have acknowledged the rising prices during their recent earnings call, and they also stated that they expect this to continue in the near term. Exactly what this means for the iPhone remains to be seen, but Trendforce seems to believe that this means that there will be no changes made. The company expects that the iPhones released this year will maintain the same RAM capacity as from before. This means that the 4.7-inch iPhone 7s will retain 2GB of RAM, while the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7s Plus will maintain 3GB. They also believe that the rumored iPhone 8/iPhone Edition with a 5.8-inch display will also come with 3GB of RAM. To be fair, Apple’s iPhones have performed admirably even when they don’t have as much RAM as the competition, but we suppose not everyone will necessarily see it that way. In any case we’ll have to wait and see if Trendforce’s predictions will come true, so take it with a grain of salt for now. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2017-05-03 Qualcomm Seeking US Import Ban For iPhones 2017-05-03 Investment Firm Claims Next-Gen iPhones Will Have Wireless Charging 2017-05-03 Tim Cook Blames ‘Pause’ In iPhone 7 Sales On iPhone 8 Rumors 2017-05-02 This Is Apparently How Apple Keeps Its iPhones A Secret 2017-05-02 New Report Suggests iPhone 8 Might Be Delayed To 2018 Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban Police Warn Of New ‘108’ Siri Prank Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of Apple Devices Analyst Claims Next iPhone Will Represent A ‘Paradigm Shift’ Study Finds That iPhones Have A High Failure Rate iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Tim Cook: Apple creating $1B fund to bring manufacturing jobs to the U.S. Tim Cook: Apple creating $1B fund to bring manufacturing jobs to the U.S. Posted on Wednesday, May 3, 2017 by CNN in Business News Apple CEO Tim Cook said Apple is putting $1 billion into a fund aimed at bringing advanced manufacturing jobs to the United States. Speaking on CNBC’s Mad Money on Wednesday, Cook boasted that Apple has already created two million jobs in America and said the company has plans to hire “thousands more employees in the future.” But Apple is searching for ways to do more, Cook said. He called the $1 billion an “initial” donation to the fund and said he’s already spoken with one company that he plans to invest in. Apple declined to provide any additional details but Cook said it would announce more about the fund later this month. “By doing that we can be the ripple in the pond,” Cook said. “If we can create many manufacturing jobs, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them.” Cook also said Apple plans to put money into programs that will train “the next generation” of app developers, and he plans to announce more about that this summer. “You can see, we’re really looking at this thing deeply. How do we grow our employee base? How do we grow our developer base? And how do we grow manufacturing?” Cook said. “And you will see us bring things to market in all of those areas across this year.” Stephen Colbert responds to #FireColbert backlash Uber and Waymo face off in court over stolen self-driving tech Related Posts Slammed by the government, A-rated by the Better Business Bureau One U.S. dollar could soon equal one euro Deutsche Bank cuts bonuses by 77% after rough 2016 Greece does U-turn in bid to keep euro Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact 2017-05-04T07:02:27Z2017-05-04T07:02:27Z (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File). FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter re... By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" - and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. ___ Rugaber reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> AP NewsBreak: Ringling's final circus to be on Facebook Live AP NewsBreak: Ringling's final circus to be on Facebook Live Posted: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:05:10 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:05:10 GMT Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus _which began in the 19th century _ will broadcast its final show on the most 21st century of channels: Facebook Live.More >> Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus _which began in the 19th century _ will broadcast its final show on the most 21st century of channels: Facebook Live.More >> A look at high-profile police shootings A look at high-profile police shootings Posted: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:05:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:05:09 GMT A look at high-profile police shootings of black people suggests verdicts are rare.More >> A look at high-profile police shootings of black people suggests verdicts are rare.More >> Real-life 'Rocky' gets his moment on-screen Real-life 'Rocky' gets his moment on-screen Posted: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:56 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:56 GMT Forty-two years after he stepped into the ring against Muhammad Ali as a 40-to-1 underdog, Chuck Wepner's business card still has a picture of the moment when he knocked down the champ.More >> Forty-two years after he stepped into the ring against Muhammad Ali as a 40-to-1 underdog, Chuck Wepner's business card still has a picture of the moment when he knocked down the champ.More >> Police: 2 dead in suspected murder-suicide at Texas college Police: 2 dead in suspected murder-suicide at Texas college Posted: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:54 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:54 GMT Two people are dead in what appears to be a murder-suicide at a Dallas-area community college, authorities said Wednesday.More >> Two people are dead in what appears to be a murder-suicide at a Dallas-area community college, authorities said Wednesday.More >> 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults Posted: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:50 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-05-04 07:04:50 GMT Stephen Colbert says he has no regrets about a monologue that included a crude sexual reference on the relationship between the presidents of the United States and Russia and has since prompted calls to fire him...More >> Stephen Colbert says he has no regrets about a monologue that included a crude sexual reference on the relationship between the presidents of the United States and Russia and has since prompted calls to fire him and boycott "Late Show" advertisers.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> More rain in the forecast adds to woes in flooded Midwest More rain in the forecast adds to woes in flooded Midwest Flooded areas of the Midwest are bracing for another round of heavy rain, the last thing they need with rivers in several places at or near record levels More >> Flooded areas of the Midwest are bracing for another round of heavy rain, the last thing they need with rivers in several places at or near record levelsMore >> Stars turn out for Planned Parenthood gala honoring Clinton Stars turn out for Planned Parenthood gala honoring Clinton Tina Fey, Scarlett Johansson, Meryl Streep, Julianne Moore and many more turned out to see Hillary Clinton receive an award from Planned Parenthood, which was holding its centennial celebration More >> Tina Fey, Scarlett Johansson, Meryl Streep, Julianne Moore and many more turned out to see Hillary Clinton receive an award from Planned Parenthood, which was holding its centennial celebrationMore >> US firm in Iraq ignores smuggling, security risks for F-16s US firm in Iraq ignores smuggling, security risks for F-16s An American company helping secure the Iraqi base where F-16 fighter jets battle the Islamic State group turned a blind eye to alcohol smuggling, theft, security violations and allegations of sex trafficking More >> An American company helping secure the Iraqi base where F-16 fighter jets battle the Islamic State group turned a blind eye to alcohol smuggling, theft, security violations and allegations of sex traffickingMore >> Arrests made as thousands rally in US for and against Trump Arrests made as thousands rally in US for and against Trump Thousands of people from New England to the Midwest to the West Coast chanted, picketed and protested Monday as demonstrations raged against President Donald Trump's immigration policies along with the traditional May Day marching in favor of labor More >> Thousands of people from New England to the Midwest to the West Coast chanted, picketed and protested Monday as demonstrations raged against President Donald Trump's immigration policies along with the traditional May Day marching in favor of laborMore >> Overcoming Opioids: When pills are a hospital's last resort Overcoming Opioids: When pills are a hospital's last resort The U.S. opioid crisis is forcing hospitals to roll out non-addictive alternatives to treatments that have long been the mainstay for the severe pain of trauma and surgery More >> The U.S. opioid crisis is forcing hospitals to roll out non-addictive alternatives to treatments that have long been the mainstay for the severe pain of trauma and surgeryMore >> Why are opioids so addictive? Why are opioids so addictive? A look at how opioids affect the brain. More >> A look at how opioids affect the brain.More >> The Latest: Shooter's ex-girlfriend heard 2 gunshots in call The Latest: Shooter's ex-girlfriend heard 2 gunshots in call Police say San Diego pool party shooter's ex-girlfriend heard two gunshots when the suspect called her during rampage More >> Police say San Diego pool party shooter's ex-girlfriend heard two gunshots when the suspect called her during rampageMore >> Trump on Civil War: Why couldn't they have worked that out? Trump on Civil War: Why couldn't they have worked that out? Andrew Jackson and the Civil War have sparked some odd comments by President Donald Trump More >> Andrew Jackson and the Civil War have sparked some odd comments by President Donald TrumpMore >> Detroit officer critical after shooting; suspect killed Detroit officer critical after shooting; suspect killed A man who critically wounded a Detroit officer responding to a domestic dispute was caught on video surveillance chambering a round into a handgun as police knocked on the door to his apartment building, the city's police chief said Monday More >> A man who critically wounded a Detroit officer responding to a domestic dispute was caught on video surveillance chambering a round into a handgun as police knocked on the door to his apartment building, the city's police chief said MondayMore >> SpaceX launches top-secret spy satellite for US government SpaceX launches top-secret spy satellite for US government SpaceX has launched a top-secret spy satellite for the U.S. government More >> SpaceX has launched a top-secret spy satellite for the U.S. governmentMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Tim Cook will spend 0.39% of Apple’s cash to keep Donald Trump happy Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 3rd, 2017 at 7:24 PM Share Tweet In a CNBC interview this evening, Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that Apple will start a $1 billion fund to “promote advanced manufacturing jobs in the United States.” President Trump has repeatedly called out American companies that do a majority of their manufacturing overseas, including Apple. Previously, Apple has hinted that it might explore the possibility of building iPhones in the US. Trump has explored the possibility of a border adjustment tax, which would heavily penalize companies that manufacture overseas, but no concrete plans have been put forward. Don't Miss: This sophisticated phishing scam has the entire internet terrified In the interview with CNBC, Cook didn’t explicitly talk about Trump’s policies or indicate that they were the impetus for Apple’s announcement. Cook seemed to promote Apple’s new fund as part of the company’s broader corporate social responsibility, saying “A lot of people ask me, ‘Do you think it’s a company’s job to create jobs?’ and my response is [that] a company should have values because a company is a collection of people. And people should have values, so by extension, a company should. And one of the things you do is give back.” Details of the fund have not been specified, but Cook did say that Apple has already “talked to a company that we’re going to invest in.” That first investment is expected to be made in May. A $1 billion investment is a relative drop in the pond for Apple, which yesterday revealed that its cash holdings, mostly offshore, now total more than $250 billion. Cook did not specify if the investment fund will come from Apple’s cash stock, or debt financing, which it commonly uses for dividends and share buyback programs. Tags: Apple, Tim Cook, trump View Comments Trending 1 Tech This sophisticated phishing scam has the entire internet terrified 2 Tech No iPhone user can even imagine dealing with what Android users have to tolerate 3 Entertainment Pokemon Go players on Android get an exclusive new feature 4 Tech The best new Android feature might finally launch soon 5 Tech Sketchy rumor suggests we might see the iPhone 8 very soon Picked For You No iPhone user can even imagine dealing with what Android users have to tolerate By Zach Epstein May 3rd at 10:29 AM Netflix issues new statement on its most controversial original show ever By Zach Epstein May 2nd at 2:17 PM Killer deal gets you a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus for half the price of a 32GB iPhone 7 By Maren Estrada May 2nd at 10:12 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Tim Cook Blames 'Pause' in iPhone 7 Purchases on iPhone 8 Rumors Apple Announces $1 Billion Fund to Promote Advanced Manufacturing Jobs in the U.S. Microsoft Surface Laptop Leaked Ahead of Unveiling Tomorrow [Images] Brother Adds Apple MFi to its Entire Mobile Printer Lineup [Video] Microsoft Officially Unveils Surface Laptop [Video] Apple Now Provides Developers With Insights on Where Customers Discover Their App Apple Offers Chameleon Run as a Free Download via the Apple Store App Apple Announces Fiscal Q2 2017 Earnings: $52.9 Billion in Revenue, 50.7 Million iPhones Sold You Can Now Preview YouTube's New Design and Dark Theme Hulu Launches Live TV Streaming Service: Over 50 Channels, $39.99/Month Hulu With Live TV App Released for iOS Facebook Begins Global Rollout of Instant Games on Messenger T-Mobile Announces Plan to Launch 5G Network in 2019 [Video] Apple Updates Its New Clips App With Improvements to Live Titles, Sharing, More Bid on a Charity Auction to Have Lunch With Tim Cook at Apple Park Apple AirPods Set Record 98% Customer Satisfaction Level [Chart] Tim Cook to Speak With Jim Cramer on Mad Money Tonight Ecobee Announces Voice-Enabled Smart Light Switch With Amazon Alexa Anker SoundCore Bluetooth Speaker 64% Off [Deal] Inventec Lands Orders for Apple Smart Speaker? Apple Announces $1 Billion Fund to Promote Advanced Manufacturing Jobs in the U.S. LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 8 hours ago by iClarified · 1725 views · Translate Apple has announced that it's creating a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs in the United States. "We're announcing it today. So you're the first person I'm telling," Apple CEO Tim Cook told "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer on Wednesday. "Well, not the first person because we've talked to a company that we're going to invest in already." The fund comes as President Donald Trump continues his push to bring manufacturing jobs back to the country. While advanced manufacturing jobs are already in high demand, Cook hopes the investment will spur even more job creation. "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them." "A lot of people ask me, 'Do you think it's a company's job to create jobs?' and my response is [that] a company should have values because a company is a collection of people. And people should have values, so by extension, a company should. And one of the things you do is give back," Cook said. "So how do you give back? We give back through our work in the environment, in running the company on renewable energy. We give back in job creation." Apple will announce the first investment later this month. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Great! - 6 hours ago Damn we mustn't let Trump's ideas actually work! Keep making fake news! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Puts - 6 hours ago Make America Great Again. Keep your lame comments to yourself. It's about we got a tough president you ninkapoop Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Hilary&AfricanObama - 7 hours ago Gosh, I hate Trump so much, his crazy ideas are working, we need to attack and make up more lies about him and everyone associated with him!!!!!! C'mon guys, I can't do this alone!! Let me send out some emails. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Chrissy Teigen: ‘So tired’ of Trump admin. ‘I'm gonna have to go on another med’ In The Know — 3h 52m ago Maxine Waters: Trump is 'a disgusting, poor excuse of a man' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 6m ago Congressional exemption from GOP healthcare plan to be addressed separately Healthcare — 4h 11m ago Chaffetz signals he will target Obama's pension Blog Briefing Room — 4h 40m ago Stephen King: Trump's nuclear ability 'worse than any horror story I ever wrote' In The Know — 5h 16m ago Stephen Colbert reacts to online backlash over Trump jokes Administration — 5h 42m ago GOP rushing to vote on healthcare without analysis of changes Healthcare — 6h 19m ago Dems blast House GOP decision to hold Obamacare repeal vote House — 6h 36m ago view all   Apple announces $1 billion fund for American manufacturing By Max Greenwood - 05/03/17 07:22 PM EDT 14   © Getty Images Apple will put up $1 billion to start a fund geared toward boosting advanced manufacturing in the U.S., Apple CEO Tim Cook said Wednesday. "I'm proud to tell you that we're creating an advanced manufacturing fund," Cook said on MSNBC's "Mad Money." "We're initially putting $1 billion in the fund." "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond," he added. "Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around – those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them, because you have a service industry that builds up around them." Cook said Apple would announce the first investment from the fund later in May. ADVERTISEMENT The announcement appears to fit in line with President Trump's calls to bring manufacturing jobs to the U.S. Cook also applauded the Trump administration's proposal to lower the corporate tax rate from the current 35 percent.  "If you earn money globally, you don't – you can't bring it back into the United States unless you pay 35 percent plus your state tax," Cook said. "And you look at this and you go, 'This is kind of bizarre.'" "I think the administration – you saw that they're really getting this, and want to bring this back," he continued. "And I hope that that comes to pass." Cook met with Trump in the month before he took office as part of roundtable with tech industry executives that included Google CEO Larry Page, Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella.    Tags Apple Tim Cook Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Congressional exemption from GOP... As Republicans rush to vote on their latest ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 372 Shares 2 GOP rushing to vote on healthcare... House Republicans are once again fast-tracking consideration of their... 340 Shares 3 ObamaCare repeal gains votes and... "I think it is likely now to pass the House,” Rep. Fred Upton said. 335 Shares 4 Chaffetz signals he will target... Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) suggested on Wednesday that former President... 154 Shares 5 Stephen Colbert reacts to online... Stephen Colbert responded Wednesday to the online backlash and #... 126 Shares 6 Coulter on budget deal: ‘No point... Conservative commentator and President Trump supporter Ann Coulter slammed... 123 Shares 7 White House clashes with Breitbart... White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Wednesday clashed with a... 107 Shares 8 Live coverage: Comey testifies at... FBI Director James Comey is returning to the Hill on Wednesday for his... 94 Shares 9 Trump to ease enforcement of... President Trump is set to sign an executive order Thursday to make it... 82 Shares 10 House to vote Thursday on... The House will vote Thursday on a bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare, a... 75 Shares 11 The Hill's Whip List: 18 GOP no... House Republicans have an updated bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare,... 74 Shares 12 Code Pink activists convicted for... A jury convicted three Code Pink activists on Wednesday for disrupting... 71 Shares 13 Health ‘reform’ will make sexual... OPINION | Before passage of the ACA in 2010, sexual assault survivors who... 60 Shares 14 Undecided GOP rep: Healthcare bill... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said early Wednesday that he thinks the House GOP... 58 Shares 15 Trump won’t hold White House Cinco... President Trump is doing away with the White House Cinco de Mayo... 55 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Now! Metashred Extreme Fitness Workouts Sex & Women Health Nutrition Guy Gourmet MH Fitness Council Newsletters Shop Recipes Weight Loss Style Men’s Health Box Podcasts Women’s Health Active Living Guide Video Guy Wisdom MVP Network Discussions Give a Gift Retailer Program Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit E-Prints, Reprints Lose Your Spare Tire Personal Trainer Copyright Notice Terms of Use Advertise Rodale Inc. Brands Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy The Editorial Team Site Map Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Pinterest Men's Health, The Brand Men Live By Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Anarchy Abs Fitness Sex Style Subscribe Subscribe Guy Wisdom tech ​This Is Bad News For Anyone Who Wants the iPhone 8 ​Apple is reportedly having some trouble with the much-anticipated phone By Gus Turner May 2, 2017 Apple Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers For anyone who has been anxiously awaiting the release of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8, sorry, but you may have to wait even longer than you thought. (If this is the first you're hearing of Apple's next phone, check out more details here.) The company's forthcoming product has been beset by rumors of delays, and the latest one is a doozy. According to Business Insider, a report has been making the rounds saying that the iPhone 8, which has been rumored to drop on various dates throughout Fall 2017, may now end up getting pushed to 2018. The report comes from the news site ValueWalk, and was cited last week by analysts at Deutsche Bank, lending credibility to the veracity of the report. It notes that while the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus are scheduled to arrive in September, people within Apple manufacturer Foxconn don't believe that Apple will be placing orders for them to manufacture iPhone 8s for this year. Advertisement Advertisement Metashred Newsletter Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us As Business Insider notes, a delay like this from Apple would be surprising and, ultimately, they say it is "unlikely" that the phone won't arrive until 2018. However, the fact that Deutsche Bank is standing behind the rumor has everyone on-edge and, of course, dreading any additional wait. (After all, the phone does look pretty awesome.) Tags: techapple Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great content at no charge to you To access please enter your email or disable your ad blocker Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 04, 3:00 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Mac Malware: Snake Attack Used For Targeted Espionage Discovered for MacOS By AJ Dellinger On 05/03/17 AT 7:04 PM Close A version of Snake, a malware framework associated with espionage targeting government agencies and corporations, designed to attack MacOS devices has been discovered by security researchers. Fox-IT, a Dutch cybersecurity firm, reported Wednesday it had identified a version of the malicious attack designed to target computers running MacOS. The firm reports it expects the malware will be used soon against owners of Apple desktops and laptops. Read: Mac Malware: OSX/Dok Bypasses Apple Security, Steals Internet Activity The framework, also known as Turla, Uroburos and Agent.BTZ, has been used in the past to target high-profile individuals and organizations. Fox-IT noted the framework is very sophisticated, and its targets are often carefully selected. A report from Kaspersky Lab suggested the framework has been used to hit “several hundred computers in more than 45 countries.” Targets of those attacks included government institutions, embassies, military, colleges and universities, researchers and pharmaceutical companies. Snake has been used in targeted operations that have been attributed to Russian attackers. The attack traced by Kaspersky Lab found artifacts within the code of the attacks that would suggest the attackers were Russian. The Snake framework is considered more sophisticated than other noteworthy Russian attacks, including those used by the notorious Russian hacker groups Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear. Thus far, the attacks exclusively have targeted Windows machines. Fox-IT said the attack is designed to hide the presence of Snake components to maintain low-level access to network communication, allowing the attacker to monitor the victim’s activities discreetly. Read: Mac Malware: McAfee Reports Huge Increase In Malware On MacOS The MacOS version of Snake discovered by Fox-IT appears to be a direct port of the Windows version, complete with Windows terminology intact. The code references “explorer” and “Internet Explorer” among other Windows-centric terms. The attack is disguised in a ZIP file that poses as an Adobe Flash Player installation named “Adobe Flash Player.app.zip.” The installer has been backdoored to allow the malicious files to install on the device. The Snake framework appears to have obtained a signed developer certificate that allows it to bypass Apple’s GateKeeper software that prevents unauthorized applications from being installed on a machine. Fox-IT said there are indications within the code of the MacOS version of Snake that signify the attackers are Russian, much like the Windows-targeted version of the malware. The researchers noted temporary files storing command output within the framework contain an encoding that is designed to be compatible with the Russian alphabet. The Snake attacks are typically spread through phishing operations, with emails sent to targeted individuals in the hope they will click on a malicious link and installing the infected file. For the time being, the attack has not been found in the wild and is believed to not yet be operational, but likely will be used in the future. Related Stories New Mac Malware Can Bypass Apple’s Security Tools Shodan Search Engine Is Exposing Malware Servers Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Bank Of America Earnings Could Climb As Interest Rates Grow Higher The Federal Reserve's decision to raise rates may translate into $600 million in additional net interest income each quarter this year. Technology Apple Might Have To Stop Importing iPhones Into US, Report Says Qualcomm is reportedly going to request the International Trade Commission to stop the import of iPhones into the country. World Things To Know About Queen Elizabeth II And Prince Philip's Marriage Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip will be celebrating their 70th wedding anniversary this year on Nov. 20. National First Video From Cassini’s Dive Over Saturn NASA released a half-minute movie Wednesday, made from a sequence of images captured by the spacecraft during the first dive of the Grand Finale mission. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « FBI Director backs new Senator Feinstein Push for Decryption Bill | Main | Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available » May 03, 2017 CNBC's Jim Cramer Scores a Great Interview with Apple's CEO who announced a One Billion Dollar Investment in U.S. Jobs   In December Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple has held Talks with SoftBank to Invest up to One Billion Dollars in their new Technology 'Vision Fund'" Then last week we posted a report titled "Foxconn to make 'Capital Intensive' Investment in the U.S. that will be revealed at a Special Event this Summer." It appears that Apple may indeed be a part of what will be announced from Softbank and Foxconn. This afternoon CNBC's Mad Money host Jim Cramer scored an exclusive with Apple's CEO. During the interview Tim Cook said that his company will start a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs in the United States" Is it the same $1 billion fund we reported on back in December?   Cook told Cramer that "We're announcing it today. So you're the first person I'm telling. Well, not the first person because we've talked to a company that we're going to invest in already," he said, adding that Apple will announce the first investment later in May.   The fund comes as President Donald Trump has made bringing back manufacturing jobs into a big part of its agenda, and it fits into Apple's larger effort to create jobs across its spectrum, from its own employees to app developers to its suppliers.   As advanced manufacturing jobs are in high demand in the U.S., the sector was already high on Apple's list of priorities, and Cook hopes the investment will spur even more job creation.   "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them," the CEO said.     Update: Also see Part 2: "Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 03, 2017 at 05:04 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Copycat Samsung Pushes South Korea's Government to give them a License to test Autonomous Vehicles, like Apple Mad Money's Jim Cramer Scores an Exclusive Interview with Apple's CEO and the Video is now Available CNBC's Jim Cramer Scores a Great Interview with Apple's CEO who announced a One Billion Dollar Investment in U.S. Jobs FBI Director backs new Senator Feinstein Push for Decryption Bill Apple's CEO seems to be in Denial about their Chinese Smartphone Competitors Outsmarting them Q2 2017 Transcript: The Financial Conference Call's Opening Statement from Apple's CEO Inventec Lands First Order for Apple's Echo-Like Home Device with Siri Apple Hits Guidance Bang On, Slightly Misses iPhone Sales Microsoft has taken their HoloLens into Education to get the Leap on their Competitors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 56 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 4, 2017 MAY 4, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 4, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 56 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks dip as media, health care companies fall By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published May 03 2017 05:06PM    •    Last Updated May 03 2017 05:06 pm A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the rate decision of the Federal Reserve, Wednesday, May 3, 2017. The Federal Reserve is leaving interest rates unchanged, while signaling that it expects a resilient U.S. economy and solid job market to justify further rate hikes later this year. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the rate decision of the Federal Reserve, Wednesday, May 3, 2017. The Federal Reserve is leaving interest rates unchanged, while signaling that it expects a resilient U.S. economy and solid job market to justify further rate hikes later this year. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (11) New York • U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as media and health care companies took losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, but bond yields and banks rose as investors felt rates will increase soon. First-quarter results for most companies have been good, but stocks were lower all day as a few big-name companies disclosed shaky results. Media companies tumbled after Time Warner said its cable advertising revenue fell. Apple slipped after iPhone sales came in lower than investors expected, but the stock recovered nearly all of its losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates where they were, but also said it expects the economy to start growing at a faster pace. That could set the stage for the Fed to boost interest rates in June. Bond yields and interest rates rose after the Fed made its statement. That sent bank stocks higher, which narrowed the market's losses. The dollar also got a bit stronger. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist for LPL Financial, said he agrees that the economy will improve following a sluggish first quarter. "Earnings have been strong across the board," he said. "The economy isn't quite as weak as that GDP (report) makes it look." The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 3.04 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,388.13. The Dow Jones industrial average added 8.01 points to 20,957.90. The Nasdaq composite sank 22.82 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,072.55. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, declined 8.44 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,390.92. The Federal Reserve said economic growth slowed over the last six weeks as inflation stayed low and spending didn't increase much. However it expects growth to pick up and said inflation should eventually reach its target of 2 percent. Experts think it's likely the central bank will raise rates in June, as it did last December and again in March. Detrick said he thinks the Fed will raise interest rates two more times this year. Media companies slumped after Time Warner, the owner of HBO and TBS, said revenue from cable advertising fell in the first quarter. Time Warner has agreed to be bought by AT&T, so its stock hardly budged, but its competitors slumped. Walt Disney shed $2.75, or 2.4 percent, to $111.62, for its biggest loss in almost a year. Viacom sank $3.20, or 7.5 percent, to $39.26 and CBS lost $2.20, or 3.4 percent, to $63.46. Twenty-First Century Fox gave up $1.55, or 5.1 percent, to $28.88. Apple's first-quarter iPhone sales and projections for the current quarter weren't quite as good as analysts hoped. Apple stock struggled in late 2015 and for much of 2016 as iPhone sales slowed down and then fell for the first time. But they've climbed 27 percent this year and the stock closed at an all-time high Tuesday. It fell as much as 2.2 percent early Wednesday, but finished down just 45 cents at $147.06. Irish generic drug maker Perrigo said its offices were searched as part of a Justice Department investigation into pricing by generic drug companies. Perrigo dropped $3.88, or 5.1 percent, to $72.35. Several other companies have previously disclosed subpoenas connected to that probe, including Mylan and Lannett. Mylan fell 98 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $37.19. Lannett had a disappointing quarter as drug pricing remained weak, and its stock tumbled $5.05, or 18.6 percent, to $22.10. Biotech drugmaker Gilead Sciences reported disappointing profit and revenue as sales of its hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni plunged in all major markets, and its stock gave up $1.38, or 2 percent, to $67.21. Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.32 percent from 2.29 percent and banks climbed. U.S. benchmark crude added 16 cents to $47.82 a barrel in New York. On Tuesday U.S. crude oil closed at its lowest price since mid-November. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 33 cents to $50.79 a barrel in London. Wireless spectrum license company Straight Path Communications continued to soar. It said it's received an all-stock offer worth $135.96 per share from an undisclosed buyer. AT&T had agreed to pay $95.63 per share. The company said it informed AT&T that the new offer is superior, and AT&T will have three days to decide if it wants to raise its offer. Straight Path's stock jumped $29.38, or 23.4 percent, to $155.20. Vehicle parts maker Delphi Automotive surged after it said it will spin off its powertrain systems business into a separate publicly traded company. Investors often applaud such transactions, which are tax-free, because they can help fast-growing businesses concentrate on expanding. Delphi's stock added $8.56, or 10.9 percent, to $87.01. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Heating oil stayed at $1.47 a gallon. Natural gas rose 3 cents to $3.23 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.50 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 29 cents to $16.55 an ounce. Copper dropped 9 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $2.54 a pound. The dollar rose to 112.64 yen from 112 yen. The euro slid to $1.0906 from $1.0928. The British FTSE 100 retreated 0.2 percent and France's CAC 40 lost 0.1 percent. The DAX of Germany rose 0.2 percent. Markets in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea were closed for a holiday.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 11 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Washington Post Op-ed: The simple reason Republicans are stuck with Obamacare 'Every night, we just cry together': Young family heartbroken after ICE detains 31-year-old mother | Pink Grandmas never give up on the Utah Jazz -- or each other Utah Jazz adjust early vs. Warriors, turning Joe Johnson into a starter Mormon church creates family history tree for congresswoman at request of Rep. Mia Love ELEVATE An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Thursday, May 4, 2017 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Badminton Utusan Borneo Archive thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  Apple’s dilemma: What to do with US$256 bln cash pile May 4, 2017, Thursday WASHINGTON: It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering US$256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings – the vast majority held overseas – jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code – it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 per cent when repatriated. Proposals by President Donald Trump and lawmakers could lower the tax rate for repatriated earnings, an incentive for Apple and others to put the money to work in the United States. While any company would gladly be in Apple’s shoes with its cash hoard, “there’s something not quite healthy about it,” said Roger Kay, analyst with Endpoint Technologies Associates. “Normally, you would expect cash to fund investment opportunities, but obviously Apple doesn’t have any use for that much cash.” Apple has become the most valuable and profitable company of the current era. But the unique challenges it faces because its earnings come mostly from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated smartphone market. Apple faces periodic pressure to return more cash to shareholders with higher dividends and more share buybacks, and has already spent some US$200 billion doing this. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy argued that returning all the cash to shareholders “doesn’t help further anyone’s strategic interests” and that Apple needs to find ways to diversify its business. One way to do this would be ‘going vertical,’ or acquiring a chipmaker such as AMD to supply all Apple devices, Moorhead said. Netflix, he said, could complement Apple’s business by offering content for Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Moorhead said that if Apple – which has a permit to test its self-driving car system – is serious about autonomous vehicles “it would need to buy a car company” such as Tesla to ensure “the Apple experience.” Bob O’Donnell of Technalysis Research said Apple has a staggering amount of cash and “could make enormous entries and completely rewrite industries” with it. “The challenge is culturally and organizationally, how do you integrate something that big,” O’Donnell said. He said Apple has always sought to minutely manage details of its operations, “so making an enormous purchase goes against their culture.” Apple’s situation has highlighted the growing stockpiles of cash held overseas by US multinationals, now estimated to be between US$2.5 trillion and US$3 trillion. Lisa De Simone, a Stanford University professor who specializes in international taxation, said the current code creates “incentives for companies to shift as much of their profits as they can offshore.” But De Simone said a temporary tax ‘holiday’ as Washington tried in 2004 would only increase the incentives. “Companies like Apple have only increased their income shifting in expectation they could get another holiday later on,” she said, arguing for a permanent tax change. Georgetown University finance professor Lee Pinkowitz said companies with cash overseas are essentially holding the funds hostage to US policymakers. “The government already revealed in 2004 they were willing to negotiate with the hostage takers,” he said. “What you would expect is that more hostages will be taken.” The Trump administration is seeking to encourage firms to bring those earnings home for investment and job creation in the United States. But Pinkowitz said a major stimulus from repatriated assets is unlikely. With Apple, much of the funds are held nominally by its Irish subsidiary but are invested in US assets. “Apple has almost US$50 billion in US Treasury and agency securities, so technically that US$50 billion is already here. It just hasn’t been taxed.” Could Apple use some of the cash to bring large-scale manufacturing back to the United States? Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said this is unlikely because of Apple’s manufacturing and supply process. “We simply don’t have the work force to support this scale of manufacturing,” he said. “No tax break is going to offset that entirely.” — AFP What do you think of this story? Angry (0%) Sad (0%) Nothing (0%) Interesting (0%) Great (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Silk Road push in Thailand may founder on Mekong PosLaju wins Brand of the Year → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Today Week Month All Man electrocuted to death in car paint shop Plantation worker arrested for killing wife out of jealousy Foreigner bashed up for attempted rape of special needs minor Mukah can be as well known as Cannes – CM World’s Longest Rotan Mat rolled out at Kuching Amphitheatre to welcome Aiffa 2017 guests Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates --Borneo Post OnlineSee Hua OnlineKTS TradingMetropolitanOriental DailyBorneo Post International Education FairYayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Business US & World Tim Cook says Apple is investing $1 billion in US manufacturing New, 16 comments Potentially to win favor with Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt May 3, 2017, 7:05pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple CEO Tim Cook announced today that the iPhone maker will be putting $1 billion of its roughly $256 billion cash hoard into a US advanced manufacturing fund. The news, which Cook disclosed in an interview with CNBC’s Jim Cramer, indicates that Apple’s executive leadership is intent on heading off any potential conflicts between the company and President Trump, who has promised to bring jobs back and pressure corporations to invest more domestically. Apple may be trying to win favor with the Trump administration “It's $1 billion of our US money, which we have to borrow to get. That's another whole topic,” Cook said, lightly commenting on current US tax policy that Apple claims prevents it from repatriating a majority of its overseas cash. “But yeah, we're really proud to do it. And by doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around — those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them, because you have a service industry that builds up around them.” Cook says Apple will be announcing the first investment from the fund later this month. “And so you can see, we're really looking at this thing deeply. How do we grow our employee base?” Cook said. “How do we grow the developer base? How do we grow manufacturing?” An investment in domestic manufacturing could be a way for Apple to win favors in Washington, especially on controversial topics like immigration. The flow of foreign tech workers to the US is a contentious issue at hand, as the Trump administration has started looking at reforming visa programs, like the H-1B, favored by Silicon Valley companies. Apple could also be trying to coax Trump into following through on his promise to help corporations repatriate overseas earnings. When asked about tax reform, Cook launched into an attack on the current tax code, one he’s repeated in one way or another many times over the last few years: I actually think comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy. If you think about it, what many, many companies now sell globally. If you sell globally, you earn money globally. If you earn money globally, you don't — you can't bring it back into the United States unless you pay 35 percent plus your state tax. And you look at this and you go, “this is kind of bizarre.” You want people to use this money in the United States to invest more. We are in a good position, but an unusual one. Our good position is we can borrow. And so to invest in the United States, we have to borrow. This doesn't make sense on a broad basis, and so I think the administration you saw that they're really getting this, and want to bring this back. And I hope that that comes to pass. When asked directly about Apple’s relationship with Trump, Cook was slightly more cryptic. “You know, my view on working with any government in the world is that there are things that you will agree upon and things that you will not,” he said. “Because what we want to do when we disagree is we want to say why we view the way we do.” Cramer explicitly followed up with mention of immigration, prompting Cook to say, “Yes, immigration is one of those where you saw how we talked out about the executive order and how we felt about that.” “You know, again, I think with each administration, in every country in the world, there are things you disagree and things you agree,” Cook added. “And you look to find common ground and try to influence the things you don't. If you don't show up, I think that's the worst scenario. Because then you're quiet and this doesn't do your cause any good, or your point of view any good.” Next Up In Tech SpaceX plans to launch first internet-providing satellites in 2019 Elon Musk hints Tesla may not build a bus after all Waymo lacks a “smoking gun” in case against Uber, judge says Elon Musk just teased some tantalizing details about Tesla Model Y Fitbit CEO denies upcoming smartwatch is delayed WhatsApp was down for two hours and the internet wasn’t happy Now Trending Google Docs users hit with sophisticated phishing attack Apparently slingshots are really cool now and nobody told me WhatsApp was down for two hours and the internet wasn’t happy Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest SpaceX plans to launch first internet-providing satellites in 2019 by Rich McCormick 1 comment / new Meet the snot-dwelling sea creatures who help move food through the ocean by Rachel Becker 2 comments / new Elon Musk hints Tesla may not build a bus after all by Sean O'Kane Waymo lacks a “smoking gun” in case against Uber, judge says by Andrew J. Hawkins 3 comments / new Elon Musk just teased some tantalizing details about Tesla Model Y by Andrew J. Hawkins 12 comments / new Fitbit CEO denies upcoming smartwatch is delayed by Lauren Goode 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks SurfaceLaptop Facebook Cassini WhatIs5G? Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Laptops & Notebooks / Surface Laptop: Is Microsoft Ready to Eat Apple's School Lunch? Surface Laptop: Is Microsoft Ready to Eat Apple's School Lunch? By Joel Santo Domingo May 3, 2017 10 Comments Microsoft has gone all in on hardware. This approach worked for Apple, but can the Surface Laptop replace the MacBook Air in people's hearts and minds? For years, the Apple MacBook Air has been one of the most desirable computers in homes and on school campuses. Various iterations have won multiple PCMag Editors' Choice awards for ultraportable laptops. The the 13-inch version hasn't been updated since 2015, and that has incoming students and their parents looking at alternatives like the Microsoft Surface Laptop. Earlier this month, it was rumored that the Surface Laptop would be a Chromebook killer, going after the education market with low-priced units. What we actually got was a third-party Windows 10 S laptop from traditional PC manufacturers like Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Samsung, and Toshiba. They certainly have the same specs as Chromebooks, including 1,366-by-768-resolution screens, Intel Celeron processors, 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB of eMMC flash memory storage. Priced around $299 with the centrally administered Windows 10 S operating system, these are obviously the systems aimed at supplanting Chromebooks in schools. The Surface Laptop starts at $999, and comes with more robust components like an Intel Core i5 or i7 processor, up to 16GB RAM, up to 512GB SSD storage, and an option to upgrade to Windows 10 Pro for free. Along with its 13.5-inch screen and comfortable keyboard, these specs line up closer to the Apple MacBook Air 13-inch than any Chromebook. Related Microsoft Surface Laptop Microsoft Surface Laptop The 12-inch MacBook is Apple's cheapest up-to-date laptop, but at $1,299 for a system with 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, and a lower-powered Intel Core m3 processor, it's simply not in the same sweet spot as the 2015 MacBook Air. We also dinged the MacBook for having only a single USB-C port for charging and data transfer duties and an uncomfortable keyboard. A Surface Laptop with 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD has the same $1,299 price tag, but with a much more powerful Core i5 processor. As a result, we see the Surface Laptop in the same enviable position as the now-venerable MacBook Air: an aspirational laptop that's reasonably priced, with enough power to do day-to-day tasks quickly with minimum fuss. We have yet to test it in PC Labs, but from its specs, it will likely be a good choice for your high school or college student. Unless Apple releases a true MacBook Air replacement this year, I foresee lecture halls for the class of 2021 displaying many shiny Surface logos on their laptop lids, gradually equaling or even replacing Apple logos as graduation approaches. Back to top Previous : In a Mobile-First World, Don't Forget the PC By Joel Santo Domingo Lead Analyst Twitter Email Joel Santo Domingo is the Lead Analyst for the Desktops team at PC Magazine Labs. He joined PC Magazine in 2000, after 7 years of IT work for companies large and small. His background includes managing mobile, desktop and network infrastructure on both the Macintosh and Windows platforms. Joel is proof that you can escape the retail grind: he wore a yellow polo shirt early in his tech career. Along the way Joel earned a BA in English Literature and an MBA in Information Technology... More » More Stories by Joel Microsoft Surface Laptop Microsoft's Surface Laptop with Windows 10 S is aimed at students looking for a sleek alternative t... More » Hands On: Acer's Windows 10 Mixed Reality Headset Acer's headset is the first real step towards a standardized Windows 10-compatible VR headset. More » Acer Predator 21 X Though it costs as much as a decent used car, the Acer Predator 21 X shows how much performance and ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May What Is 5G? »See More //Related Reviews Acer Chromebook 14 HP Spectre x360 13 (2017) Apple MacBook Pro 15-Inch (2016) Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 29 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
News Sports Business Real Estate 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com FILE - This Thursday, May 19, 2016, file photo shows the Apple logo on the side of the Apple Union Square store, in San Francisco. Apple reports earnings Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Eric Risberg AP Photo Business May 03, 2017 10:56 PM Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact By MICHAEL LIEDTKE and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Business Writers LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN FRANCISCO Apple is getting more aggressive about emphasizing its role in the U.S. economy, apparently hoping to counter recurring criticism over its reliance on overseas factories. On Wednesday, Apple for the first time released a state-by-state breakdown of where its 80,000 U.S. employees work, showing that more than half of them are located outside Silicon Valley. It also announced a $1 billion fund aimed at creating more U.S. manufacturing jobs, although it provided few details. The strategy appears aimed at complicating efforts by President Donald Trump and other politicians to vilify Apple for using companies in China and elsewhere to assemble most of its products. Apple had no comment on political ramifications of its announcements. CEO Tim Cook first described the manufacturing fund an interview on CNBC, but didn't say how the money will be disbursed or who will be eligible to receive it. Apple will provide more details when it announces its first investment by the end of the month, he said. Apple's initial billion-dollar investment amounts to a tiny fraction of its $257 billion in cash. Cook also promised that Apple will hire "thousands of employees, thousands more in the future" in the U.S., although he didn't specify how quickly that will happen. Apple's U.S. payroll has grown roughly 40-fold since 1998, when it had 5,000 U.S. workers. Cook also said Apple is examining ways to help more people learn the programming skills to make apps. THREATS TO APPLE Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on products from China, a change that would drive up Apple's costs. That could pressure the company to raise its prices at a time when it is already having trouble increasing its sales of iPhones and iPads. "They are trying to make the case that they really do have a lot of folks working in the U.S.," said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle. "So if want to pick on somebody, you might want to pick on somebody else because they won't be a good example." Cook isn't the only CEO who has been trying to highlight his company's hiring and expansion plans in the U.S. Trump has attacked many companies, frequently on Twitter, for moving jobs out of the U.S. and lavishly praised those who have announced major hiring initiatives. As a result, many companies, including Exxon Mobil, Intel, Charter Communications and Ford Motor, have unveiled big hiring plans, though in many cases they were already in the works before the presidential campaign. "There is a lot of political pressure to create jobs in the United States," Diane Swonk, CEO of DS Economics, said. Chief executives "do not want to show up in a tweet." APPLE IN THE STATES Since 2014, Apple has issued a series of reports intended to underscore its contributions to U.S. jobs and economic growth. Its first report came after years of complaints about labor practices and suicides at Foxconn, one of the company's major contractors in China, drew more attention to Apple's reliance on overseas factories. Apple to also issues a separate "supplier responsibility" report reviewing the labor conditions in those facilities. The Wednesday report on U.S jobs is its fourth update, but the first to include a state-by-state breakdown of Apple employees. Unsurprisingly, the numbers show its highest concentration of workers (36,786) is located in California, home to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters and 53 stores. Apple's second biggest employment center is in Texas (8,407 jobs), where it has a corporate campus and 18 stores. Its smallest pockets of employment are in North Dakota (four jobs), Vermont (six) and Wyoming (seven). Apple's decision to provide detailed information about the locations of its U.S. employees could help the company win support from lawmakers eager to protect jobs in their states, Enderle said. "It gives senators something to push back with, recognizing that Apple is a real risky company to target anyway because its products are so popular with people." Besides showing how many of its full-time and part-time employees work in each state, Apple also lists where its 9,000 U.S. suppliers are located. The company says it spent more than $50 billion at its U.S. suppliers last year, helping them employ a total of 450,000 workers. APP ECONOMY The company also cited a study by the Progressive Policy Institute that attributes 1.5 million U.S. jobs to Apple's iPhone "ecosystem." That figure not only includes programmers that work on the apps, but also supporting staff and employees working everywhere from banks to restaurants that have jobs because of the spending generated by apps. Such "spillover" effects are widely recognized, although economists sometimes spar over their magnitude. But for a company to claim credit for all or most of the jobs in a particular industry is a stretch, Swonk said. The vast majority of app developers, for example, also produce apps for Android phones from Samsung and other manufacturers. The Public Policy Institute only found 1.7 million jobs in the entire "app economy" — and 1.35 million of those were associated with Android apps. Most of those overlap with the jobs linked to Apple. FILE- In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products in Cupertino, Calif. Apple will invest $1 billion to help create more U.S. manufacturing jobs and counter recurring criticism about its reliance on overseas factories to assemble most of its iPhones and other devices. Cook announced the fund during a Wednesday, May 3, 2017, interview on CNBC’s “Mad Money.” Marcio Jose Sanchez, File AP Photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago FlipaClip app allows you to be an animator 1:02 4 days ago FlipaClip app allows you to be an animator 1:33 6 days ago University of Miami's soccer-playing robots get ready for the RoboCup U.S. Open 0:40 9 days ago A flying car prototype from Silicon Valley View More Video Business The Latest: Democrats predict backlash for GOP Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs HSBC 1Q pretax adjusted profit rises 12 percent to $5.9B Dallas suburb faces racial backlash after shooting Gov. Cuomo touts $1.1 billion in new education funding Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Home Mobile News Apple’s next iPhones may cut corners on memory due to price squeeze Analyst firm Trendforce predicts the memory capacity in iPhone 8 models will be capped at 3GB Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | May 3, 2017 10:28 AM PT Credit: Susie Ochs More like this PC prices will continue to go up due to SSD, DRAM, LCD shortages, Lenovo says Expect prices for PCs and mobile devices to rise this year, analysts say Prices of SSDs and RAM will crash in 2019, Gartner predicts Video Hands on with Launchboom's do-everything wearable, Pinn Apple could cut the capacity of DRAM in its upcoming anniversary iPhones with the rising prices of storage and memory components hitting its profit margins. Apple acknowledged the rising DRAM and NAND prices during its second-quarter earnings call Tuesday. The company expects the pricing pressure to continue in the near term. Those prices, in turn, could impact the memory capacity of the next iPhone. Trendforce, which tracks SSD and DRAM pricing, predicted the iPhone 8 will be capped at 3GB of DRAM. Consumers will have to wait until the successor to the iPhone 8 to get 4GB of DRAM, TrendForce said. Those phones would be released in 2018 or 2019. Trendforce is predicting that three iPhones will be released this year. Two iPhones—a  5.8-inch iPhone with an AMOLED display and a 5.5-inch model with an LCD screen—will have 3GB of memory. A 4.7-inch model with an LCD screen will have 2GB of DRAM, the company predicted. The current 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 has 2GB of memory. The memory is supplied by Samsung, according to iFixit.com. Smartphone makers are plugging more DRAM and flash storage into devices because users are embracing multimedia, gaming, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence. One version of Samsung’s Galaxy S8+ has 6GB of DRAM, but it is available only in South Korea.  Shortages have caused the prices of DRAM for mobile devices and PCs to spike. Trendforce says that prices for mobile DRAM like LPDDR4 will increase by more than 10 percent this year. Last month, Gartner predicted a price decline of DRAM and flash storage would start next year and crash in 2019. Prices of mobile devices have gone up due to DRAM and NAND flash shortages. During the earnings call, Apple noted that the average selling price of the iPhone, including all models, was up to $655 from $642 a year ago, with those numbers including a strong mix of iPhone 7 Plus. Unfavorable foreign exchange rates also affected prices. Apple buys DRAM and NAND flash in large quantities, and, as a result, gets favorable pricing from suppliers. The hit on iPhone margins was made up by profits from ancillary offerings like services, said Luca Maestri, chief financial officer at Apple. At this point, adding more DRAM and NAND will make the next iPhones more expensive to manufacture and hurt Apple’s profit margins. Apple will likely avoid the temptation of adding more DRAM. Trendforce is predicting that average memory in smartphones this year will be around 3.2GB, a revision from an earlier projection of 3.7GB. Lowering memory capacity is one way for device makers to cut corners and maintain profit margins. It’s especially prevalent in PCs. Some new, low-cost laptops may have lower resolution screens, less memory, lower storage, or may not include a webcam. The PC market has been severely hit by the price increases of DRAM, NAND, displays, batteries, and components. In February, Lenovo’s chief operating officer, Gianfranco Lanci, said PC prices would go up because of the rising component prices. Apple reported revenue of $52.9 billion for the third quarter ending on April 1, growing from $50.5 billion in the same quarter last year. The net profit was $11 billion, growing from $10.5 billion. iPhone shipments in the quarter totaled 50.7 million units, declining 1 percent. iPad shipments were 8.9 million, declining 13 percent. Mac shipments increased 4 percent to 4.2 million units. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Mobile iPhone Components Apple Memory You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Qualcomm Seeking US Import Ban For iPhones By Tyler Lee on 05/03/2017 15:37 PDT If you thought that maybe the legal battle between Qualcomm and Apple could be resolved amicably, it certainly doesn’t feel that way at the moment. This is because according to the rumors, Qualcomm is apparently planning to ask the International Trade Commission to ban the imports of iPhones into the US. The report from Bloomberg claims that nothing has been set in motion yet as apparently the discussions are private, and rightfully so. For those unfamiliar with what’s going on, both Apple and Qualcomm are suing each other. Apple filed the first lawsuit against the company over alleged unfair use of patents. Qualcomm then filed a countersuit against Apple and recently the company revealed that Apple was withholding royalty payments to them as a result of this, thus forcing Qualcomm to adjust their financials and lower forecasts due to the fact that they’d be missing out on royalties that they would have gotten from Apple. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook also revealed that Qualcomm had not offered fair terms to Apple with regards to patent royalties. According to Cook, “That’s both the price and the business terms. Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple. I don’t believe anyone’s going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that. There’s plenty of case law around that subject. But we shall see.” Whether or not the US ITC will give in to Qualcomm’s request to ban the import of the iPhone remains to be seen, but in the meantime it certainly looks like the spat between both companies will not be going away anytime soon. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iPhone, Legal and Qualcomm. Related Articles 2017-05-03 Investment Firm Claims Next-Gen iPhones Will Have Wireless Charging 2017-05-03 Tim Cook Blames ‘Pause’ In iPhone 7 Sales On iPhone 8 Rumors 2017-05-02 This Is Apparently How Apple Keeps Its iPhones A Secret 2017-05-02 New Report Suggests iPhone 8 Might Be Delayed To 2018 2017-04-28 Qualcomm Claims Apple Is Withholding Its Royalties Payments 2017-04-17 Thief Caught Stealing iPhones At Coachella With ‘Find My iPhone’ 2017-04-10 Qualcomm Files A Countersuit Against Apple 2017-04-06 Australian Consumer Regulator Sues Apple Over iPhone ‘Error 53' Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban Police Warn Of New ‘108’ Siri Prank Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of Apple Devices Analyst Claims Next iPhone Will Represent A ‘Paradigm Shift’ Study Finds That iPhones Have A High Failure Rate iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Exclusive: Apple just promised to give US manufacturing a $1 billion boost Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple just promised $1 billion boost to US manufacturing    8 Hours Ago | 01:07 Apple CEO Tim Cook said that his company will start a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs in the United States. "We're announcing it today. So you're the first person I'm telling," Cook told "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer on Wednesday. "Well, not the first person because we've talked to a company that we're going to invest in already," he said, adding that Apple will announce the first investment later in May. The fund comes as President Donald Trump has made bringing back manufacturing jobs a big part of his agenda, and it fits into Apple's larger effort to create jobs across its spectrum, from its own employees to app developers to its suppliers. As advanced manufacturing jobs are in high demand in the U.S., the sector was already high on Apple's list of priorities, and Cook hopes the investment will spur even more job creation. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Exclusive: Apple just promised to give US manufacturing a $1 billion boost    8 Hours Ago | 12:09 "By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond. Because if we can create many manufacturing jobs around, those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them," the CEO said. Apple has already created two million jobs in the United States, and Cook showed no signs of shrinking the tech giant's reach. "A lot of people ask me, 'Do you think it's a company's job to create jobs?' and my response is [that] a company should have values because a company is a collection of people. And people should have values, so by extension, a company should. And one of the things you do is give back," Cook said. "So how do you give back? We give back through our work in the environment, in running the company on renewable energy. We give back in job creation." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Apple Valley continues HUD hearing due to federal budget uncertainty Wednesday May 3, 2017 at 3:21 PM May 3, 2017 at 3:23 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — Citing federal budget uncertainty last week that has since become more clear, the Town Council voted last week to table the second hearing for two plans that bring U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD) dollars here. The hearing, one of at least two held each year, is designed to solicit public input that helps determine the most effective allocations for Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and Home Investment Partnerships (HOME) funds. The two HUD programs provide federal dollars for local needs — identified in the town’s First Year Action and Consolidated plans — offered by nonprofits and town programs. The first hearing was held in December, but Assistant Director of Economic Development and Housing Orlando Acevedo asked the Council to hold off on the second during its April 25 regular meeting. “In light of the federal budget delay and the administration’s stark proposal to effectively eliminate HUD-allocated CDBG and HOME dollars, staff is recommending that the Town Council continue this public hearing until June 13,” Acevedo said. In March, the Trump administration released “America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again,” a plan geared toward boosting defense spending that called for significant cuts elsewhere to fund that increase, including the proposed slashing of $6.2 billion from HUD’s budget. The blueprint would have also eliminated CDBG and HOME funding — saving more than $4 billion when combined with other HUD programs on the chopping block — a move that “promotes fiscal responsibility,” according to the blueprint. The CDBG program is one of HUD’s oldest, but the proposed blueprint denounced it as ineffective, which, coupled with cuts in the proposed “America First” plan, led to the uncertainty locally. But on Sunday, in a move that will fund the federal government until Sept. 30 and avoided a shutdown, Congressional leaders reached a deal that, in part, squashed Trump’s proposed HUD cuts, funding the CDBG and HOME programs at 2016 levels, according to House Appropriations Committee documents. “It is good news if the 2016 levels remain intact, especially considering the drastic cuts first proposed by the administration,” Acevedo told the Daily Press on Monday. “Apple Valley has greatly benefited from receiving these federal dollars. It pumps millions ... into the local economy and helps fund programs that improve the quality of life for residents in Apple Valley.” Apple Valley received more than $784,000 in CDBG and HOME funds last year, according to a previous Daily Press report, but the amount drew criticism from the Town Council that believes the community deserves more. Last week, Mayor Scott Nassif reiterated that sentiment. “Every year (HUD) seems to be on the chopping block,” Nassif said, “but it’s the only opportunity for us to get some federal funding back directly to the communities that pay those funds (to) the federal government.” When last year’s HUD money rolled in, Nassif remarked he remembered when CDBG funding alone in Apple Valley was closer to $1 million. That frustration stems from an obvious community need exacerbated by a CDBG regulation that ties the Council’s hands when it comes to doling out funds. Last year, the Community Development Citizen Advisory Committee (CDCAC) received about $288,000 in requests from 24 nonprofits for housing, elder care, literacy and domestic violence services, according to a previous Daily Press report. But CDBG regulations allow just 15 percent of the total amount received be dispersed for such programs. As a result, the town had less than $84,000 of the $559,270 total to work with, and 13 programs went unfunded. The remaining balance went to town programs like the recent installation of restrooms at James Woody Park, according to Acevedo. At the June 13 meeting, the Council will review the First Year Action and Consolidated plans, as well as CDCAC’s recommendations for FY 2017-18, which include potential allocations for nonprofits that provide school clothing, shelters, child literacy programs and counseling services, town documents show. In addition — through an estimated $75,000 in CDBG funds — the town is planning to offer an Americans with Disabilities Act Rehab Loan Program, according to Acevedo. “(This) will assist small businesses with making cost-prohibitive ADA accessibility improvements,” he said. Meanwhile, the Council’s continuation of the second hearing allows for the plans to be discussed and submitted to HUD by the Aug. 15 deadline, according to Acevedo. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Apple: Buy the Dip Mixed quarterly results and a tepid forecast are pressuring shares. But a number of analysts are raising their price targets on the stock. By Teresa Rivas Biography May 3, 2017 2:36 p.m. ET Ahead of the new iPhone launch, Apple investors may feel a bit like the protagonists in Waiting for Godot: There are plenty of distractions and conjecture about the long-awaited arrival, but until it happens, there’s only so much one can do or expect. But unlike Godot, the iPhone is coming—rumors be damned—and the stock’s pullback following mixed second-quarter results looks like a buying opportunity. Late Tuesday, Apple... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 10.3.2 Release & Time: 5 Things to Expect & 3 Not To Adam Mills05/03/2017 An iOS 10.3.2 release is confirmed but many of the key details are still shrouded in mystery. The iOS 10.3.2 update is currently in beta for all devices capable of running iOS 10 (this includes the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5c). The update isn’t a milestone upgrade like iOS 10.3 but it’s still going to be an important release for those dealing with bugs and those concerned with device security. iOS 10.3.2 isn’t as exciting as some of its predecessors but we continue to get questions about its contents and its release date. Many iPhone and iPad users, particularly users struggling with iOS 10 problems, want to know when it will be out. Apple hasn’t confirmed a specific iOS 10.3.2 release date nor has it confirmed exactly what will be on board the next version of iOS 10. Specific details are hard to come by but we can make some educated guesses about the iOS 10.3.2 update, its release date, its release time, and its features (or lack thereof). While some parts of the release are difficult to predict, we’re able to fill in some gaps using Apple’s iOS release protocol and the iOS 10.3.2 beta. Today we want to take you through our iOS 10.3.2 expectations. These predictions will help average users, people new to iOS, and those that haven’t followed the iOS 10.3.2 update’s progress set realistic expectations for Apple’s next upgrade. iOS 10.3.2 Release Date   1 / 8 Apple rarely announces iOS release dates ahead of time so its silence regarding the iOS 10.3.2 release date hasn't been surprising.  It's difficult to predict an exact release date but the beta and Apple's tendencies can help us narrow it down a bit for you.  Apple is currently on iOS 10.3.2 beta 5 which means the company has released updates to beta testers. That's a lot for a small maintenance update like iOS 10.3.2 and it probably means we're getting close to the official roll out. The last maintenance update to go through a beta, iOS 10.2.1, saw four beta releases before it was released to the public.  Apple also tends to release new iOS software on Monday. This isn't guaranteed but the company's been pretty consistent lately.  At this point we'd be shocked if we made it out of May without a release. Look for iOS 10.3.2 to land on one of the four remaining Mondays (May 8th, May 15th, May 22nd, May 29th) in the month.    1 / 8 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Global Markets - Apple weighs on equities, dollar up before Fed decision Global Markets - Apple weighs on equities, dollar up before Fed decision Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 03, 2017 21:22 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK (Reuters) - World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumer strength, while the dollar edged higher before a U.S. central bank statement that may hint towards a rate hike next month. Apple Inc lost 0.9 percent as the biggest drag on the S&P 500 after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Even with the decline, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. "Think about the mixed message you had in the first quarter – GDP light, monthly auto sales light, iPhone sales light, so you’ve got extraneous negative data," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. "The first quarter is a blockbuster quarter for earnings on balance, which doesn’t necessarily line up with some of the incremental pieces of economic data that we’ve seen. That is the hard part to rationalize." A report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 34.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 20,915.44, the S&P 500 lost 7.26 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,383.91 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.67 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,064.70. Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.11 percent to retreat from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.26 percent. The U.S. economic data helped push the dollar higher ahead of the Federal Reserve statement. While the central bank is expected to leave rates unchanged later today, investors will look for signs the it may hike in June. Traders are currently pricing in a 70.7-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index rose 0.11 percent, with the euro down 0.13 percent to $1.0913. Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 1/32 in price to yield 2.2946 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury said on Wednesday it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices rebounded from near 2017 lows after preliminary data showed a much larger-than-expected fall in U.S. crude stocks, reviving bullish sentiment about easing oversupply. U.S. crude fell 0.13 percent to $47.60 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.48, up 0.04 percent on the day. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28160.00 (-1.16%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27900.00 (-1.06%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28020.00 (-1.23%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27300.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27150.00 (-0.91%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27580.00 (-1.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Finance Search Search BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets PoliticsCongress Scraps Obama-Era Rule for State Retirement Plans Apple CEO Tim Cook looks on during a visit of the shopfitting company Dula that delivers tables for Apple stores worldwide in Vreden, western Germany, on February 7, 2017. Bernd Thissen—AFP/Getty Images Apple Apple Is Now Returning More Cash Dividends to Its Shareholders Than Any Other Company Lucinda Shen May 03, 2017 Apple is now paying out more cash in the form of dividends to its shareholders than any other major publicly traded company in the U.S. That's one thing investors can be glad about after the tech giant posted disappointing results for its second quarter Tuesday. Shares dropped roughly 1% when Apple revealed that revenue for its flagship product, the iPhone, had risen a meager 1% to $33.2 billion—which CEO Tim Cook attributed to consumers holding out for the iPhone that's rumored to release later this year. For now, Apple is offering its investors a more concrete and immediate form of gratification—a 10.5% hike in its quarterly dividend, which will help boost investors' total returns. That translates to a quarterly payout of about $0.63 per share starting May 18. A handful of quarters and dimes may not sound impressive at first, but from a big picture perspective, Apple will be sending its investors $13.2 billion annually—nearly 30% of its earnings over the last four quarters, and nearly enough to match Twitter's total value by market cap: $14.1 billion. It also means that over the next year, Apple will be paying more back in dividends than any other publicly traded company, beating out oil giant Exxon Mobil for the position, according to Howard Siliverblatt, veteran market watcher and senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Before Apple announced earnings Tuesday, Exxon was king of that hill, paying about $12.8 billion over the next year in dividends after hiking its payout for the 35th year in a row. The cash flow doesn't stop there for Apple shareholders. The tech company has also returned an additional $151 billion to shareholders since its fiscal year 2013 in the form of share buybacks—a move that has reduced share count and boosted earnings per share by about 21% in the past four years, according to Silverblatt. And once again, Apple announced Tuesday that it would increase its share buyback program, saying it would return $210 billion through March 2019. That implies that on average, Apple will buy back some $31.4 billion worth in shares over the next year. Famously, Apple's late CEO Steve Jobs shied away from share buybacks and dividends, with Jobs saying he preferred to hold onto his burgeoning pile of cash for the sake of "security and flexibility." It was only after Tim Cook took over the company as CEO in 2011—and after investors such as Carl Icahn called for much a "bigger and immediate" buyback program in 2013—that Apple's dividend and buyback programs ballooned to the current sizes. BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe AppleApple to Create $1 Billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund, CEO Says QualcommQualcomm May Seek To Block iPhone Imports Into U.S. Best CompaniesApple’s Earnings Revealed iPad and Watch Surprises AppleWall Street Doesn’t Care How Many iPhones Apple Just Sold Best CompaniesHow to Have Lunch With Tim Cook at the New Apple Park Best CompaniesApple Has an ‘iPhone 8’ Problem iPhone salesApple Suppliers’ Shares Are Dropping on Weak iPhone Sales Share buybacks are considered best for a company when its shares are undervalued. Icahn at least got that right when he bought into Apple in September 2013. Since then, shares of the company have risen 147%. But he may have done better if he had actually kept his stake in the company up until this point. Instead, when Apple’s troubles in the Chinese market became apparent in April 2016, Icahn sold his stake after Apple’s stock had risen 53% since he first bought in—measly returns compared to if he had stayed in another year. The question now, though, is if Apple's shares are still undervalued, considering declining sales in 2016 and today's disappointing earnings. If Wall Street analysts are to be believed, this answer will depend upon the performance of Apple's yet to be revealed, yet unnamed, and yet heavily talked about iPhone 8/iPhoneX. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Slate Sign In Sign Up iPhone Sales Hit a Big Roadblock in China Because of an App That Does Just About Everything iPhone Sales Hit a Big Roadblock in China Because of an App That Does Just About Everything Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Moneybox A blog about business and economics. May 3 2017 5:18 PM iPhone Sales Hit a Big Roadblock in China Because of an App That Does Just About Everything By Ian Prasad Philbrick   Even Garfield loves WeChat. Photo by VCG/VCG via Getty Images Shares in Apple convulsed earlier this week when the technology behemoth posted lower-than-anticipated iPhone sales in the second quarter. Revenue for Apple’s marquee product is expected to pick up once its newest version, the iPhone 8, debuts in September. But until then, and maybe beyond, there’s something standing in the path of Apple’s ongoing quest for smartphone supremacy. It’s called WeChat, it renders indefensible the high cost of buying an iPhone, and Chinese consumers love it. Hailed by the Economist as “social media’s future,” WeChat is a messaging app-cum-mobile operating system developed in 2011 by the China-based Tencent Holdings Ltd. As a Chinese product, the app enjoys a home-field advantage (courtesy, in part, of the Chinese government). It also boasts a bazaar of services few competitors can match. As Ben Thompson writes on Stratechery Wednesday, “every aspect of a typical Chinese person’s life, not just online but also offline, is conducted through a single app (and, to the extent other apps are used, they are often games promoted through WeChat).” The app’s perks include cashless and credit-card-free payments made through WeChat Wallet; one-stop shopping for taxis, takeout, tickets, vacations, and even doctor’s visits; a business-oriented chat feature similar to Slack; and a peer-to-peer one similar to WhatsApp. Each user receives a WeChat QR code that can be scanned through a smartphone camera, which has increasingly supplanted business cards as a way to exchange contact information. That makes WeChat something of Frankenstein, a hybrid service cobbling together components from apps like Uber, Slack, Venmo, and WhatsApp, and more. By April 2016, it had rocketed past 700 million monthly active users. Advertisement Those numbers present a problem for Apple. The company has long been able to tout the technical quality of its proprietary iOS operating system. But WeChat has become something of a gatekeeper for China’s mobile communications market, the barrier to entry for any smartphone looking to make its mark. Although iPhones support WeChat—indeed, it’s become one of its most popular third-party apps and has even begun to challenge the Apple App Store for supremacy—they do so no better than Google’s Android, the iPhone’s chief rival, which generally runs on cheaper devices. As a result, Chinese consumers have little incentive not to switch to a less expensive option. That dynamic has taken a real bite out of Apple’s bottom line. As Thompson observed, Apple’s share of the Chinese market has declined precipitously over the past year. The company saw 26 percent of its revenues in the second quarter of 2016 evaporate, and it posted a 14 percent loss this year despite a strong showing in the rest of the Asia Pacific. And while most iPhone users tend to stick with the smartphone as newer versions get released, Apple has found it harder to retain customers and stave off the competition, with only half of iPhone users in 2015 choosing to purchase a new one in 2016. Get Slate in your inbox. How worried should Apple be about WeChat cutting into its sales? It depends. The app has failed to gain much purchase outside China, and its GPS features have raised concerns among dissidents that a censorious Chinese government may be watching both its domestic and international users. Nevertheless, Tencent’s brainchild still holds the keys to China’s smartphone market, and Apple has taken notice. As Thompson points out, iOS and Apple’s signature design aesthetic remains a luxury-branded lure for many smartphone users, including in China. As Thompson wrote in 2013, “in China it’s Apple’s brand that is, by far, the biggest allure of the iPhone. Apps are free (piracy is mainstream), larger screens are preferred, and specs and customization move the needle with the mainstream far more than they do in the U.S.” Nevertheless, WeChat is creating headaches in other ways. Even if Apple successfully courts its legions of users, the app’s soaring popularity has given Chinese competitors including Oppo, Huawei, and Vivo the courage to challenge it. As a result, Apple’s total share of the Chinese smartphone market amounted to less than 10 percent last year. Moreover, WeChat’s virtual stranglehold on messaging and other service apps in China is reportedly making other Silicon Valley firms wary. Facebook’s Messenger has long been a leader, boasting more than 1 billion active users every month. WeChat broke 889 million in April. Ian Prasad Philbrick is a Slate contributor. Follow him on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Telco Digital Transformation Revenue and Growth Rate Research Report New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/03/2017 — Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies „Telco Digital Transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies”, a thematic research report, examines effective strategies for telcos to capitalize on the explosive growth in the consumption of digital services. The report identifies key lessons in digital prowess from major brands including Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon that have led the value shift from technology provision to enablement, and provides and in-depth analysis of telco strategies to transform their internal operations, coming up with new technology use cases and exploring new service and revenue models. GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/872195-telco-digital-transformation-lessons-powerful-digital-companies Key Findings – The world’s leaders in market capitalization show us how disruptive digital strategies can produce remarkable growth opportunities for the business. Apple and Google taught us how to pioneer revolutionary business models. Amazon showed us how to masterfully virtualize a brick-and-mortar industry, and Facebook transformed the definition of content services, putting the user as the central author. – Telecom service providers know first-hand the impact of the digital revolt, as SMS and traditional voice services become increasingly replaced by IP-based voice and messaging apps such as Skype and WhatsApp. Telcos have been catalysts of the transformation of mobile devices from communications tools to life management hubs. Yet, to thrive in the digital economy requires far more than technology or product prowess– it calls for entirely novel service models. – To secure a profitable slice of the new digital domain, telecom service providers need to transform how they deliver services, content and apps. Telco digital transformation begins with a digital corporate culture to drive the discovery of new innovation engines, disruptive business models and digitally-smart customer relationship platforms. Telecom companies that can turn the challenge of digital transformation into profitable opportunities will prevail. Synopsis The „Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” report analyzes the growth drivers of digital services, strategies of leading digital companies, as well as case studies on the digital transformation of four major telecom services providers. Data and insights are derived through a mix of desk-based secondary research and qualitative primary research. The report is structured as follows: Section 1: Market context – digital services growth drivers and trends. This section provides a high-level overview of the growth drivers of digital services and the impact of the rise of digital brands on the traditional telecom service provider model. Section 2: Lessons in digital prowess – GAFA strategies. Here we examine the market approach and strategies of four leading digital companies – Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple – with a special focus on their key business values and success factors. Section 3: Case studies – Telco approaches to digital transformation. We continue with a review of the strategies and programs that leading telecom companies AT&T, China Telecom, Orange and Verizon are putting in place to create profitable growth amidst the business disruption brought about by successful digital service providers. . Section 4: Key findings and recommendations. We conclude the report with a set of key findings on the core values and success factors of digital leaders, and strategy recommendations for telecom services providers. Key points to buy „Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” examines best practices of four of the world’s leading companies to help telecom executives develop effective growth strategies, make informed strategic business decisions and optimize return on investment. The report provides valuable insights about effective corporate values, innovation programs, organizational strategies and revenue models that can help service providers transform their operational models and profit from the digital opportunity. The report’s case studies provide real examples of market approaches and strategies being employed by leading telcos to build revenue opportunities in the digital age, related to their internal organizations, their ecosystem development and revenue creation. ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/872195-telco-digital-transformation-lessons-powerful-digital-companies Table of Contents Executive summary Section 1: Digital services market context Report scope Growth drivers of the digital economy Technological disruption powers digital services Mobility becomes the focus of digital innovation Consumer empowerment bolsters digital New business imperatives rationalize transformation Section 2: Lessons in digital prowess Challenging the telecom operator’s business The digital company value system Amazon strategy overview 15 Lesson 1: Customer obsession Lesson 2: A passion for invention Lesson 3: Long term intelligence Apple strategy overview 19 Lesson 1: Passion for innovation Lesson 2: A culture of excellence List of Tables Exhibit 1: Report scope Exhibit 2: Growth drivers of the digital-first economy Exhibit 3: Fixed broadband speeds, 2015-2020 Exhibit 4: Big data volume growth, 2015-2020 Exhibit 5: Mobile traffic growth by application Exhibit 6: Google ad click share by device Exhibit 7: Crowd-sourcing example, Starbucks Exhibit 8: Challenges and opportunities created by digital Exhibit 9: Impact of digital companies on telecoms Exhibit 10: Core values of leading digital companies Exhibit 11: Amazon strategies by principle List of Figures Exhibit 1: Report scope Exhibit 2: Growth drivers of the digital-first economy Exhibit 3: Fixed broadband speeds, 2015-2020 Exhibit 4: Big data volume growth, 2015-2020 Exhibit 5: Mobile traffic growth by application Exhibit 6: Google ad click share by device Exhibit 7: Crowd-sourcing example, Starbucks Exhibit 8: Challenges and opportunities created by digital Exhibit 9: Impact of digital companies on telecoms FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/872195-telco-digital-transformation-lessons-powerful-digital-companies Email Us at : sales@wiseguyreports.com Reach Us at : 339-368-6938 (US) +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cleerline Technology Group Joins SDVoE Alliance Next PostNext Rogers Sugar inc. déclare un dividende aux actionnaires Search Recent Posts New Book Aims to Inspire Women Facing Life Transitions Nurx.com Gives Away Birth Control in Anti-Contraception Activist, Teresa Manning’s Name Philadelphia Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses Big Box Store Injuries Ship & Shore Environmental, Inc. Closes two new deals in China, CEO advises local EPA Top Rated Web and Mobile App Development Company, Finoit Technologies, Incorporated in the US RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech Search Search BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets PoliticsCongress Scraps Obama-Era Rule for State Retirement Plans iPhone 6 phones are taken out of a shipping box at a Verizon store. Photograph by George Frey—Getty Images Qualcomm Qualcomm May Seek To Block iPhone Imports Into U.S. Aaron Pressman May 03, 2017 The escalating legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm may hit U.S. consumers next. Qualcomm is preparing to ask the agency that polices U.S. imports to block iPhones from entering the country, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing an anonymous source. The International Trade Commission has the authority to restrict imports of goods that violate intellectual property rights. Apple had some older Samsung phones blocked by the agency in 2013, for example, over alleged infringement of two patents. Although the iPhone is designed by Apple, it is manufactured in Asia and must be imported to reach U.S. consumers. Apple and Qualcomm declined to comment when contacted by Fortune. The dispute between the two titans of the mobile business broke out after Apple started using modem chips from Intel (intc) in about half of new iPhones last year, instead of buying all its chips from Qualcomm. Apple sued Qualcomm in January, saying Qualcomm's royalties, imposed on iPhones both with and without Qualcomm's chip set, were excessive. Qualcomm counter-sued on April 10, accusing Apple of harming its business and breaching deals between the two companies. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. If Qualcomm seeks to have iPhone imports stopped, the move would follow Apple's decision to completely stop paying royalties to Qualcomm for the wireless technologies included in the device. Qualcomm disclosed last week that Apple was withholding the disputed fees, which total about $500 million for the second quarter. Over the previous three quarters, Apple had withheld only a portion of the fees, totaling $1 billion. Shares of Qualcomm have lost 16% so far this year, as the dispute with Apple and various regulators around the world have threatened the company's business. Qualcomm invented many core technologies over decades that are now used in wireless networks and smartphones. The chip maker charges royalties for a portion of the value of every phone sold, whether it contains communications microprocessor chips made by the company or by its rivals, arguing that some of its inventions must be referenced in every chip. But Apple and regulators claim Qualcomm is abusing a dominant market position to extract excessive payments. Qualcomm's royalty agreements are with Apple's contract manufacturers like Foxconn, not directly with Apple. Apple (aapl) has said it had been trying unsuccessfully to negotiate a direct licensing agreement with Qualcomm (qcom) for more than five years. During a call with analysts on Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook explained Apple's reasoning for withholding the royalties. "You can't pay something when there's a dispute about the amount–you don't know how much to pay," Cook said. "I don't believe anyone is going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that," he also noted, referring to the possibility that Qualcomm might seek to have iPhone sales blocked. "I think that there's plenty of case law around that subject, but we shall see." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Tablets Microsoft Surface 4 Microsoft Surface 4: Everything we know so far about the next version of Microsoft's budget tablet May 3, 2017 12:46 PM PDT Lots of rumors surrounding the followup to the Surface Pro 4. And the successor to the Surface 3? Not so much. CNET Just about all of the hype around Microsoft's Surface tablet lineup revolves around the forthcoming Surface Pro 5. And for good reason: The current-generation Surface Pro 4 is a dynamite device -- one of our favorites -- that combines power, portability, and productivity in just the right way. After its October 2015 introduction, the Surface Pro 4 instantly became the standard-bearer for Windows tablets. It's both a unique alternative and worthy rival to Apple's iPad. But the Surface Pro isn't the only Surface tablet in Microsoft's portfolio. There is also the less expensive non-Pro variation, the most recent of which is the Surface 3. Though there were rumors that Microsoft had planned to introduce a new version of this second-fiddle model -- the Surface 4, presumably -- at a May 2 event in New York City on May 2, it didn't come to pass. (Microsoft did announce a new Surface laptop and version of its operating system, Windows 10 s, however.) The 2017 iPad. Sarah Tew/CNET In the current tablet market, which includes recent standouts including Google's Pixel C, Samsung's Galaxy Tab S3, and Apple's newest and least expensive iPad (the $329 9.7-inch model, introduced in March 2017), the Surface 3 doesn't look like much. Initially priced at $499 -- which (inexcusably) did not include the essential $129 keyboard/cover -- the well-designed Surface 3 did correct some of its predecessor's flaws by integrating a full version of Windows for the first time and delivering more processing power. But when Microsoft followed up seven months later with the Surface Pro 4, it was pretty much curtains for the Surface 3. After cutting the price to $399, the company discontinued the overshadowed Surface 3 at the end of 2016. Now, however, it seems as though the company may be preparing its successor for the light of day. More on that below. And what about the Surface Pro 5? Yeah, we may be waiting for that one a little while longer. In the meantime, check out the Surface 4 rumors to find out what Microsoft may introduce soon and what it may leave in reserve for the Surface Pro 5's debut, expected to come later this year. Announcement and release Despite a rumor that Microsoft would debut the new tablet at its May 2 event, the company instead introduced the new Surface laptop. New Surface hardware has often been announced in March, but it's unlikely that Microsoft will wait that long to release the Surface 4 or Surface Pro 5. So, for now, the question of when we'll get to see a new Surface tablet is wide open. Microsoft's new Surface laptop and Windows 10 S The biggest tech stories of the day include Microsoft's newest Surface laptop, the reveal of Windows 10 S and some very impressive customer feedback numbers regarding Apple's AirPods. by Jeff Bakalar 1:13 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Under the hood Despite all the buzz surrounding the Surface Pro 5, there hasn't been much speculation about Surface 4 specs. And it's tricky to make predictions about this product. As Mary Jo Foley at ZDNet points out, Microsoft uses the Surface portfolio primarily to create new product categories -- it doesn't want to compete with partners such as Acer and Lenovo in existing categories. Given this, it would be awkward for Microsoft to simply give the Surface 3 a makeover -- outfitting it with components that are newer but still inferior to those we expect to see on the Surface Pro 5. So, it's reasonable to expect to see some new features and capabilities with the Surface 4. Software is one area of high potential. On April 11, Microsoft released a major update to Windows 10 (learn how to access the free download here). Creators Update includes new 3D apps, VR capabilities, enhancements for gaming, and enterprise security features. The new Surface 4 could leverage some of these new capabilities. Or Microsoft could debut a Surface 4 that runs the newly announced Windows 10 S operating system, which limits users to apps installed through the Windows Store. Otherwise, the hearsay cobbled together from Reddit forums and other unreliable corners of the Internet posit that the Surface 4 could follow the Surface Pro 4 by omitting the home button and using a side-attaching stylus. Or it come come equipped with a USB-C port, more kickstand positions, and an updated Intel processor. And in the long-shot category, there is Microsoft's patent for a hinged display (unearthed and published on Twitter by WalkingCat). But it's highly unlikely we'd see this kind of boundary-pushing feature debut on the Surface 4. Price This is where things get really interesting. With Apple dropping the price of its newest iPad, and a growing array of excellent, inexpensive midrange tablets on the market, there is tremendous pressure on Microsoft to price the Surface 4 more aggressively than previous editions. The Surface 3 debuted at $499 -- plus an additional $130 to get the keyboard -- before dropping to $399. Unless Microsoft takes a totally new, way more premium tack with the Surface's hardware and design, that kind of price tag simply won't fly in 2017. Scroll down for a reverse-chronological look at the latest rumors. May 2, 2017 Surface Laptop, Windows 10 S: Everything Microsoft just revealed Microsoft is ready to jump back into the classroom. Here's all the tech it's bringing along. May 2, 2017 Surface Laptop is Microsoft's $999 flagship for Windows 10 S Microsoft has a new Surface computer, but rather than a touchscreen tablet that adds a keyboard cover, the new Surface Laptop is exactly what it sounds like -- a shockingly traditional clamshell laptop. April 12, 2017 ZDNet: Microsoft sets May 2 for (Surface-less) New York event The company will hold an event in New York featuring CEO Satya Nadella, but don't expect to get a glimpse of the new Surface Pro tablet. April 11, 2017 ZDNet: Microsoft's rumored Spring event may focus around Windows 10 Cloud The still-unofficially-announced Windows Cloud edition may be the focal point for Microsoft's Spring launch event, which sources say looks to be happening in early May. March 27, 2017 ZDNet: Microsoft's Spring fling: is another new Surface device category coming? Microsoft's anticipated Spring hardware launch is unlikely to feature the Surface Book 2. So what else might be on the docket? Best Tablets of 2017 See All Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $523.00 Apple has shrunk down last year's oversize iPad Pro and added a few enticing new features.... Google Pixel C Starting at: $599.00 The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Starting at: $594.94 The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning... Apple iPad Mini 4 Starting at: $399.00 New for 2015, Apple gives its smallest iPad model a much needed tune-up. But does the...   Discuss: Microsoft Surface 4 Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Microsoft Surface 4 Part Number: CNETMicrosoftSurface4 Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Justin Jaffe Justin Jaffe is a contributor (and former full-time editor) for CNET who previously wrote for publications including Wired and Laptop Magazine. He's cofounder of Rapport, a sustainability software company. Hot Products Amazon Echo The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted $150.50 Apple iPhone 7 Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $649.00 Samsung Galaxy S7 Nailed it $365.50 Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet $523.00 Microsoft Surface Book i7 All about that base $2,399.00 CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Qualcomm Said to Seek U.S. Import Ban for iPhones by Ian King More stories by Ian King and Susan Decker @sudecker1 More stories by Susan Decker May 3, 2017, 3:56 PM EDT Appeal to trade agency could pressure Apple in legal fight ITC has authority to halt product shipments into U.S. market Why Qualcomm Wants to Ban Apple's iPhones Incensed over Apple Inc.’s decision to stop paying it billions of dollars in licensing fees for smartphone chips,  Qualcomm Inc. plans to retaliate by asking a U.S. trade agency to ban the imports of iPhones, according to a person familiar with the company’s strategy. Qualcomm is preparing to ask the International Trade Commission to stop the iPhone, which is built in Asia, from entering the country, threatening to block Apple’s iconic product from the American market in advance of its anticipated new model this fall, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private. The ITC is a quasi-judicial agency in Washington that has the power to block the import of goods into the U.S. and processes cases more quickly than federal district courts -- the venue in which the companies are accusing each other of lying, making threats and trying to create an illegal monopoly. The escalating legal dispute revolves around patents Qualcomm holds that let it to charge a percentage of the price of every modern high-speed data-capable smartphone, regardless of whether the devices use its chips. Apple argues the system is unfair and Qualcomm has used licensing leverage to illegally help its semiconductor unit. That spat worsened late last month when Apple cut off technology license payments to San Diego-based Qualcomm. The blow to the chipmaker’s most profitable business spurred the company to intensify the fight to improve its negotiating position. “They have to do something,” said Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus. “The bigger risk is other companies or countries say we’re not going to pay, too. That’s the danger of letting Apple get away with this.” Spokesmen for Qualcomm and Apple declined to comment. Qualcomm hasn’t offered fair terms as required under rules governing the licensing of patents, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said when asked about the possibility the chipmaker could try to halt iPhone sales anywhere in the world. “That’s both the price and the business terms,” Cook said  Tuesday during a conference call with analysts. “Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple,” he added. “I don’t believe anyone’s going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that. There’s plenty of case law around that subject. But we shall see.” The iPhone is built in Asia by contract manufacturers. A successful appeal to the ITC could potentially lock it out of the U.S. market, which accounts for 40 percent of Apple’s total sales. Apple generated $86.6 billion in its Americas’ region last year. The iPhone provides more than 60 percent of sales for the Cupertino, California-based company. Qualcomm has already shown the price of its fall out with Apple. It cut its revenue outlook this quarter by $500 million citing the likelihood of not receiving licensing fees from Apple. If that carries on for the rest of the year, almost one-third of its lucrative licensing revenue, most of which is profit, will disappear. The current iPhone uses a mixture of Intel Corp. and Qualcomm modems to connect to networks. Up until the iPhone 7, Qualcomm was the exclusive supplier of that crucial part. The company’s patents cover the fundamentals of how data and voice is encoded and transmitted between networks and phones. By stopping payment to contract manufacturers who make the iPhone -- who, in turn, pay Qualcomm -- Apple is interfering with contracts that predate the debut of the iPhone, Qualcomm argues. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The trade commission in Washington is the obvious choice of venue for a next round in the fight. Both companies are familiar with the agency -- Qualcomm’s chips were briefly blocked from the U.S. during a patent fight with Broadcom Corp. that it settled in 2009, one of the few legal disputes it has lost. Apple was threatened with the ban of some of its iPhones during its fight with Samsung Electronics Co. Nokia Oyj is pursuing a case at the agency to try to forge a new licensing agreement with Apple after the two were unable to renew a contract that was struck after an earlier patent dispute. The ITC has the advantage of speed, judges with experience in patent law and the ability to get an import ban, said Alex Hadjis, a patent lawyer with the Oblon law firm in Alexandria, Virginia, who specializes in cases before the agency. The rules about how patents contributed to industry standards are “a bit murkier, but the ITC may turn out positive for patent owners,” Hadjis said. There have been some agency rulings “with reasoning that can be viewed as friendly” to a patent owner like Qualcomm with standard-essential patents, he said. Qualcomm may even go further afield, testing courts in the U.K., Germany and China, said Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Matt Larson. Each is known for being faster than U.S. courts. A U.K. court, in an unrelated case, in April made clear that patent owners on standardized technology can block companies unwilling to take licensees. And in China, where Apple gets about one-fifth of its sales, Qualcomm negotiated a settlement with regulators that established what kinds of rates it can charge. It used the decision to end a royalty battle with China’s Meizu Technology Co. in December. Under the current circumstances, there seems little prospect of settlement. “We strongly believe we’re in the right. And I’m sure they believe that they are,” Cook said of the dispute with Qualcomm. “And that’s what courts are for. And so we’ll let it go with that.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Fed holds interest rates steady, downplays economic weakness Business Standard Stocks hold losses, dollar strengthens after Fed Reuters  |  NEW YORK  May 4, 2017 Last Updated at 00:21 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVe00S ALSO READ Global Markets - New Year, new high for euro zone stock markets Equities surge on foreign fund inflows, global cues (Market Review) U.S. stock futures, dollar trim gains as Trump fails to stir markets Global Markets - Dollar halts charge as bashed bonds steady Global Markets - Investors turn wary on Brexit, Trump uncertainty By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK (Reuters) - World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labour market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "They were not explicit about a June rate hike but that's the right approach," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc was down 0.3 percent but pared earlier losses after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. An earlier report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 22.27 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,927.62, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 7.38 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,383.79 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 35.50 points, or 0.58 percent, to 6,059.87. Europe's STOXX 600 index <.STOXX> lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> shed 0.32 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index <.DXY> rose 0.27 percent, with the euro down 0.27 percent to $1.0898. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 5/32 in price to yield 2.3144 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices retreated from earlier highs in choppy trade after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude rose 0.31 percent to $47.81 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.77, up 0.61 percent on the day. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Markets | Moody's | Stock Market | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Stocks hold losses, dollar strengthens after Fed NEW YORK (Reuters) - World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK (Reuters) - World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labour market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "They were not explicit about a June rate hike but that's the right approach," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc was down 0.3 percent but pared earlier losses after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. An earlier report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 22.27 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,927.62, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 7.38 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,383.79 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 35.50 points, or 0.58 percent, to 6,059.87. Europe's STOXX 600 index <.STOXX> lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> shed 0.32 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index <.DXY> rose 0.27 percent, with the euro down 0.27 percent to $1.0898. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 5/32 in price to yield 2.3144 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices retreated from earlier highs in choppy trade after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude rose 0.31 percent to $47.81 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.77, up 0.61 percent on the day. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Stocks hold losses, dollar strengthens after Fed By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK (Reuters) - World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labour market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "They were not explicit about a June rate hike but that's the right approach," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc was down 0.3 percent but pared earlier losses after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. An earlier report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 22.27 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,927.62, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 7.38 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,383.79 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 35.50 points, or 0.58 percent, to 6,059.87. Europe's STOXX 600 index <.STOXX> lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> shed 0.32 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index <.DXY> rose 0.27 percent, with the euro down 0.27 percent to $1.0898. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 5/32 in price to yield 2.3144 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices retreated from earlier highs in choppy trade after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude rose 0.31 percent to $47.81 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.77, up 0.61 percent on the day. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending A scooter-riding bookseller has served Kolkata better than Amazon could ever hope to Hyderabad’s Human Library treats humans as books that can be ‘borrowed’ for 30 minutes Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali? Here’s what the actor who plays him has to say The RSS idea of India is not just being spread in colleges but among the defence forces too Watch: Pre-wedding videos are a thing. Here's a parody that will make you avoid the originals Why a Sri Lankan artist’s redrawn maps are gaining ardent admirers in India 'What is happening in India today is similar to the McCarthy era': Partha Chatterjee The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services What will you see if you visit the precise point where India ends and Sri Lanka begins? When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Yesterday · 05:25 pm.   Scroll Staff Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print quick reads The business wrap: Sensex ends lower, Nifty crosses 9,300 mark, and 6 other top stories Other headlines: Apple recorded record revenue growth in India in the last quarter, and Twitter said it will bring hundreds of hours of exclusive content deals. Scroll Staff Published Yesterday · 05:25 pm.   A look at the headlines in the sector right now: Sensex ends below 30,000, Nifty manages to remain above 9,300: Shares of ICICI Bank slipped over 1% ahead of the announcement of its quarter results. Apple registers record revenue growth in quarter that ended in March: CEO Tim Cook attributed it to the ‘very large, young, and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network’. Twitter announces live video deals across news, sports and entertainment sectors: Hundreds of hours of exclusive, live video content will soon be available on the micro-blogging website. Railways denies catering scam, says ‘human error’ in compiling the RTI reply led to the confusion: Media reports had said that the Central Railways had bought food items for several times more than its maximum retail prices.    At least $770 billion in black money entered India between 2005 and 2014, Global Financial Integrity report says: Illicit money worth  at least $165 billion exited the country during the same period, the global financial watchdog said. Jet Airways to soon launch Chennai to Paris direct flights: The airline has offered all-inclusive tickets to Paris at introductory prices of Rs 33,999 for economy class in a five-day sale. Global stocks traded lower ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy meet: Analysts expect the the interest rates to remain unchanged, Reuters reported.  We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Business Wrap Sensex Nifty Print Related The business wrap: Foreign fund inflows push Sensex closer to 30,000 mark, and six other top stories Trending A scooter-riding bookseller has served Kolkata better than Amazon could ever hope to Hyderabad’s Human Library treats humans as books that can be ‘borrowed’ for 30 minutes Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali? Here’s what the actor who plays him has to say The RSS idea of India is not just being spread in colleges but among the defence forces too Watch: Pre-wedding videos are a thing. Here's a parody that will make you avoid the originals
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. An aerial view of the Apple's new headquarters in Cupertino, California, seen on April 28, 2017 Photo: Getty/AFP/File tech Apple's dilemma: What to do with $256 bil cash pile Today 06:10 am JST 11 Comments By Rob Lever WASHINGTON It is a sign of Apple's success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple's quarterly report on Tuesday showed its cash holdings -- the vast majority held overseas -- jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the U.S. tax code -- it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. Proposals by President Donald Trump and lawmakers could lower the tax rate for repatriated earnings, an incentive for Apple and others to put the money to work in the United States. While any company would gladly be in Apple's shoes with its cash hoard, "there's something not quite healthy about it," said Roger Kay, analyst with Endpoint Technologies Associates. "Normally, you would expect cash to fund investment opportunities, but obviously Apple doesn't have any use for that much cash." Apple has become the most valuable and profitable company of the current era. But the unique challenges it faces because its earnings come mostly from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated smartphone market. Apple faces periodic pressure to return more cash to shareholders with higher dividends and more share buybacks, and has already spent some $200 billion doing this. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy argued that returning all the cash to shareholders "doesn't help further anyone's strategic interests" and that Apple needs to find ways to diversify its business. One way to do this would be "going vertical," or acquiring a chipmaker such as AMD to supply all Apple devices, Moorhead said. Netflix, he said, could complement Apple's business by offering content for Apple's ecosystem of devices. Moorhead said that if Apple -- which has a permit to test its self-driving car system -- is serious about autonomous vehicles "it would need to buy a car company" such as Tesla to ensure "the Apple experience." Bob O'Donnell of Technalysis Research said Apple has a staggering amount of cash and "could make enormous entries and completely rewrite industries" with it. "The challenge is culturally and organizationally, how do you integrate something that big," O'Donnell said. He said Apple has always sought to minutely manage details of its operations, "so making an enormous purchase goes against their culture." Apple's situation has highlighted the growing stockpiles of cash held overseas by U.S. multinationals, now estimated to be between $2.5 trillion and $3 trillion. Lisa De Simone, a Stanford University professor who specializes in international taxation, said the current code creates "incentives for companies to shift as much of their profits as they can offshore." But De Simone said a temporary tax "holiday" as Washington tried in 2004 would only increase the incentives. "Companies like Apple have only increased their income shifting in expectation they could get another holiday later on," she said, arguing for a permanent tax change. Georgetown University finance professor Lee Pinkowitz said companies with cash overseas are essentially holding the funds hostage to U.S. policymakers. "The government already revealed in 2004 they were willing to negotiate with the hostage takers," he said. "What you would expect is that more hostages will be taken." The Trump administration is seeking to encourage firms to bring those earnings home for investment and job creation in the United States. But Pinkowitz said a major stimulus from repatriated assets is unlikely. With Apple, much of the funds are held nominally by its Irish subsidiary but are invested in US assets. "Apple has almost $50 billion in U.S. Treasury and agency securities, so technically that $50 billion is already here. It just hasn't been taxed." Could Apple use some of the cash to bring large-scale manufacturing back to the United States? Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said this is unlikely because of Apple's manufacturing and supply process. "We simply don't have the work force to support this scale of manufacturing," he said. "No tax break is going to offset that entirely." But Kay said he sees potential for Apple to bring factories home if the conditions are right. "I could see a happy solution where contract manufacturers and Apple partner and train American workers to be as efficient as the Chinese," he said. "It would take quite a bit to make it come true but it could bring down the myth that Chinese workers are more efficient." © 2017 AFP Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up Sort by Oldest Latest Popular 11 Comments Login to comment jcapan Today 07:53 am JST Teddy Roosevelt understood everything more than a 100 years ago: “It may well be that the determination of the government (in which, gentlemen, it will not waver) to punish certain malefactors of great wealth, has been responsible for something of the trouble; at least to the extent of having caused these men to combine to bring about as much financial stress as possible, in order to discredit the policy of the government and thereby secure a reversal of that policy, so that they may enjoy unmolested the fruits of their own evil-doing. . . . I regard this contest as one to determine who shall rule this free country—the people through their governmental agents, or a few ruthless and domineering men whose wealth makes them peculiarly formidable because they hide behind the breastworks of corporate organization.” 0 ( +0 / -0 ) theFu Today 08:19 am JST A few things. They should reward their shareholders. Ensure there aren't any sweat shops in their supply chain Give back to the BSD F/LOSS community from which they've received so much - actually 2 full operating systems (OSX and iOS) from which they started their OSes. 0 ( +0 / -0 ) Dan Lewis Today 08:51 am JST obviously Apple doesn't have any use for that much cash." I could think of a few... 0 ( +0 / -0 ) kabukideath Today 09:02 am JST The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the U.S. tax code -- it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. The reason they won't bring that money back to the US is not because they don't want to pay taxes but because the earnings were made from overseas operations and they already paid taxes on those earnings where they were earned. Why would they want to pay again?  Leave it to the democrats to get too greedy and just hurt everyone. -4 ( +0 / -4 ) JeffLee Today 09:38 am JST ".... they already paid taxes on those earnings where they were earned" Not really. Well, only when they get caught. "Apple busted for not paying China taxes" http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/11/technology/apple-china-taxes/ And it took a European task force 3 years to uncover Apple's scam of setting up stateless firms, which funneled their foreign profits to Ireland, where Apple made a shady deal with the government to avoid taxes there. The EU finally nailed 'em, though. Good work! 1 ( +2 / -1 ) Wakarimasen Today 10:08 am JST Pay suppliers a bit more?  Invest a bit in 3rd world countries where they make and sell stuff?  Give every one of the non-US customers a cash back? 0 ( +1 / -1 ) kabukideath Today 10:19 am JST And it took a European task force 3 years to uncover Apple's scam of setting up stateless firms, which funneled their foreign profits to Ireland, where Apple made a shady deal with the government to avoid taxes there. The EU finally nailed 'em, though. Wow, isn't it ironic that this California business which preaches 'progressiveness' and liberal values, practices capitalism to the extreme?? Perhaps this merely illustrates the stupidity of American tax laws. With $250 billion, Apple could easily do the following without skipping a beat: Buy Tesla which today is valued at around $51 billion, and buy Netflix valued around $65 billion and jump-start its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. -2 ( +0 / -2 ) M3M3M3 Today 10:53 am JST This is exclusively an American problem by the way. No other country faces the same issue because no other country has such a bizarre and draconian tax system. 0 ( +0 / -0 ) Strangerland Today 12:27 pm JST Wow, isn't it ironic that this California business which preaches 'progressiveness' and liberal values, practices capitalism to the extreme??  Whats ironic about it? Those aren't opposing values With $250 billion, Apple could easily do the following without skipping a beat: Buy Tesla which today is valued at around $51 billion, and buy Netflix valued around $65 billion and jump-start its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. The valuation of a company doesn't mean it's for sale. If they wanted to buy those companies it would likely cost much more. 0 ( +1 / -1 ) Wakarimasen Today 12:54 pm JST kabuki As both Tesla and Netflix are Us listed companies Apple would need to have all of its cashpile in the US.  Which it doesn't.  so your suggestions don't quite work. 1 ( +1 / -0 ) Ron Barnes Today 02:30 pm JST Give it to educate the Poor in this world it would go a long way of reducing poverty with self help programs 0 ( +0 / -0 ) Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Domino's offering a buy 1 get 1 free deal when you order 2 two-topping pizzas. Ends May 14. Domino's Pizza View More Earn more from your Tokyo property Our property management allows you to lease-out on the short-term market & increase your monthly earnings. HOUSING JAPAN View More Tech Today 11:40 am JST 0 Comments Apple starting U.S. tech manufacturing fund with $1 bil Today 05:35 am JST 3 Comments Google Docs warns customers about spam with malicious links Today 04:25 am JST 0 Comments Facebook profit jumps as user base nears 2 billion View all Popular Trump would be 'honored' to meet N Korea's Kim, if conditions right 76 Comments Japan's envoy urges S Korea to remove 'comfort woman' statues 52 Comments Abe unveils plan to amend Constitution, put it into force in 2020 50 Comments Japan wrestles over smoking ban as Olympics loom 54 Comments American passenger arrested for assaulting ANA employee 47 Comments View all National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Qualcomm to Pursue iPhone Import Ban in United States in Ongoing Apple Feud Wednesday May 3, 2017 2:15 pm PDT by Juli Clover The legal battle between Qualcomm and Apple is heating up, with Qualcomm planning to seek an import ban that would prevent iPhones from being able to enter the United States, reports Bloomberg. Qualcomm is reportedly "incensed" over Apple's decision to stop paying licensing fees during the dispute and is aiming to retaliate. Qualcomm is preparing to ask the International Trade Commission to stop the iPhone, which is built in Asia, from entering the country, threatening to block Apple's iconic product from the American market in advance of its anticipated new model this fall, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.Qualcomm and Apple have been facing off in an ongoing legal dispute since January that started when the FTC complained that Qualcomm had engaged in anticompetitive patent licensing practices. Shortly after the FTC complaint, Apple sued Qualcomm, accusing the company of charging unfair royalties for "technologies they have nothing to do with" and refusing to pay quarterly rebates. In April, Qualcomm countersued, accusing Apple of breaching licensing agreements, making false statements, and encouraging regulatory attacks against Qualcomm's business in multiple countries. Qualcomm claims Apple "could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise" without relying on Qualcomm's "fundamental cellular technologies." The lawsuit heated up in late April when Apple stopped making royalty payments to Qualcomm and confirmed it would not continue payments until a court figured out the total amount that was owed. Apple CEO Tim Cook yesterday reiterated that Apple could not pay the fees without the court deciding what amount should be paid due to Qualcomm's refusal to license its patents under FRAND (Fair, Reasonable, and Non-Discriminatory) terms. In terms of why we're withholding payments, you can't pay something when there's a dispute about how much is needed to be paid. There hasn't been a meeting of the minds there. At this point, we need the courts to decide that. [...] The reason we are pursuing this is that Qualcomm is trying to charge Apple a percentage of the total of the iPhone value, but their modems/patented technologies are one small part of the iPhone. We don't think that's right, so we're taking a principle stand on it. We strongly believe we're in the right, as they probably think they are.The United States International Trade Commission could potentially put a stop to iPhone shipments to the United States should the ITC side with Qualcomm. ITC cases are processed more quickly than cases in the federal courts, where this lawsuit will likely be drawn out for years to come. Tags: lawsuit, Qualcomm [ 67 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Andres Cantu 10 hours ago at 02:25 pm Good luck with getting the iPhone banned in the U.S. Rating: 19 Votes kdarling 10 hours ago at 02:37 pm The last time Apple tried to get out of paying for a FRAND patent because they claimed the price was too high, the ITC banned their devices from import: ITC Rules Apple Infringed on Samsung Patents, Issues Cease and Desist Order for Older Apple Devices - MacRumors 2013 ('//www.macrumors.com/2013/06/04/itc-rules-apple-infringed-on-samsung-patents-issues-cease-and-desist-order-for-older-apple-devices/') And that was with Samsung reportedly asking for "a licensing fee of 2.4% per device sold, which Apple found to be unreasonable." The ITC ruled 1) that royalties based on price were standard with cellular patents, and that 2) it was just an initial offer, which Apple was expected to negotiate down. Fortunately for Apple, the Obama administration stepped in and vetoed the import ban, saying that a ban could not used for a FRAND situation... unless the licensee continued to avoid actual negotiating. Not so sure Trump would do the same, if the ITC rules in a similar manner. Rating: 9 Votes newyorksole 10 hours ago at 02:26 pm Lolol I'm no expert in this matter, but there's no wayyyy any company is gonna stop Apple from importing iPhones. Apple has way too many legal resources for that to even get close to happening. Rating: 8 Votes nuckinfutz 10 hours ago at 02:18 pm Good Deity this is getting out of hand. Rating: 8 Votes DotCom2 10 hours ago at 02:31 pm That would crash the stock Here's hoping. I wanna buy in more. ;) Rating: 5 Votes farewelwilliams 10 hours ago at 02:19 pm "Qualcomm claims Apple "could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise" without relying on Qualcomm's "fundamental cellular technologies."" i wonder what a "Standards-essential patent" is Rating: 5 Votes konqerror 10 hours ago at 02:30 pm Good luck with getting the iPhone banned in the U.S. It did happen. Broadcom got all of Qualcomm's chips banned for import by the ITC during their patent dispute. This meant no phones at all for Verizon and Sprint. Carriers had to pay license fees directly to Broadcom to get around it. Major factor in Qualcomm's eventual settlement. http://www.mercurynews.com/2007/08/06/u-s-upholds-import-ban-on-qualcomm-chips/ Because Apple doesn't participate in wireless standards, they have no IP to fight back, so I'd venture to guess that they're in a much weaker position than Qualcomm. Rating: 5 Votes calzon65 9 hours ago at 03:10 pm I like that someone is standing up to Apple. Rating: 3 Votes macfacts 10 hours ago at 02:32 pm "Qualcomm claims Apple "could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise" without relying on Qualcomm's "fundamental cellular technologies."" i wonder what a "Standards-essential patent" is Protip: it doesn't mean free Rating: 3 Votes GrumpyMom 9 hours ago at 02:40 pm I had my hands full trying to understand why most of the rest of the world gets Exynos processors for their Samsung flagships and we always get stuck with Snapdragons. Now we have Apple and Qualcomm duking it out. Whoa. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid–Late 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple's App Analytics Platform Now Includes Info on Where Customers Discover Apps 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that its App Analytics platform in iTunes Connect now provides developers with insight into where customers discover apps, a welcome change that will give developers more... 11 comments Apple Updates 'Clips' Video App With Live Title Improvements 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today updated its Clips social video creation app for the first time, introducing some minor feature tweaks and improvements. When using Live Titles, which is designed to allow users to... 11 comments Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 29 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test... 9 comments Brookfield Residential Announces Plans to Offer HomeKit Standard in New Homes 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Homebuilding company Brookfield Residential today announced plans to offer Apple HomeKit as standard in new communities where it builds homes. The Delano neighborhood in the Eastwood Village of... 10 comments SoundCloud Introduces Daily Personalized Music Curation With 'The Upload' 14 hours ago on iOS Blog SoundCloud today launched a new feature called "The Upload," which will act similarly to Apple Music's My New Music Mix and Spotify's Discover Weekly playlists by curating a list of... 4 comments Brother's Entire Lineup of Mobile Printers Now Certified by Apple's Made for iPhone Program 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Brother today announced that every series in its mobile printer lineup now features at least one model certified by Apple's MFi Program. MFi-certified printers are fully compatible with... 22 comments Sprint Announces 'Magic Box' to Improve LTE Data Download and Upload Speeds By 200% 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today announced the "Sprint Magic Box," a small plug-and-play device that the carrier said will "dramatically improve" LTE data services and connections for any Sprint... 49 comments Ecobee4 Smart Thermostat With Both HomeKit and Built-In Alexa Now Available to Pre-Order For $249 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Ecobee today announced that its next-generation ecobee4 smart thermostat with built-in Amazon Alexa voice services is now available to pre-order for $249 on its website in the United States.... 26 comments • Apple Pay Launches for HSBC Australia and 20+ U.S. Banks (23) • Apple Offering Free Redeem Codes for Hit Game 'Chameleon Run' (15) • Friday Labs Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled 'Friday Lock' (25) • Facebook Messenger's Instant Games Now Rolling Out Worldwide, New Features Added (6) • Apple's 'Other Products' Category Sees Strong Growth in Q2 2017 (18) • App Store Revenue Up 40% Year-Over-Year, Sets New Quarterly Record (2) • Elevation Lab Debuts New 'BatteryPro' iPhone and Apple Watch Charger (14)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Out Now: 'Battle Bay', 'Race for the Galaxy', 'Blitz Brigade: Rival Tactics', 'Home Run High', 'Louie Lucha', 'Project Frox', 'Ever Knight', 'A Snake's Tale', 'rvlvr.' and More Can 'Titanfall: Assault' Succeed Where 'Titanfall: Frontline' Failed? 'Wilds' Will Be a Character-Driven Puzzler From the Creators of 'Dots' Original 'Fieldrunners' Updated with Widescreen, 64-bit Support, and More Godzilab's Idle RPG 'Crush Them All' Launching Worldwide May 11th 'Principia: Master of Science' Review - That's Science! YouTube Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Antares Pharma (ATRS) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Quad/Graphics, Inc. (QUAD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 Insider Selling: Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) COO Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Apple Inc. (AAPL) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.63 Per Share Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.30 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect ASM International NV (ASMI) Stock Price BP plc Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.60 (bp) Delbrook Capital Advisors Inc. Acquires 750,000 Shares of Rapier Gold Inc (RPR) Stock Anthem (ANTM) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 Ryan C. Kearny Sells 846 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Stock Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Amphenol (APH) Share Price Anil Jain Acquires 3,775 Shares of Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) Stock Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Share Price Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Receives Outperform Rating from FBR & Co Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Upgraded to “Outperform” by Robert W. Baird Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC EnerSys (ENS) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Apple Inc. (AAPL) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.63 Per Share May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, May 2nd. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a dividend of 0.63 per share by the iPhone maker on Thursday, May 18th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.71%. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple has raised its dividend by an average of 9.8% annually over the last three years and has raised its dividend annually for the last 4 consecutive years. Apple has a dividend payout ratio of 25.5% indicating that its dividend is sufficiently covered by earnings. Analysts expect Apple to earn $10.28 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $2.28 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 22.2%. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded down 0.31% on Wednesday, reaching $147.06. 45,564,117 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $142.56 and its 200 day moving average price is $126.24. The firm has a market capitalization of $771.56 billion, a PE ratio of 17.65 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 52-week low of $89.47 and a 52-week high of $148.09. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. The firm earned $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts predict that Apple will post $8.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.63 Per Share” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/apple-inc-aapl-announces-dividend-increase-0-63-per-share.html. In related news, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 75,000 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.43, for a total value of $9,632,250.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 8,571 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $127.99, for a total value of $1,097,002.29. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 342,952 shares of company stock valued at $45,967,691 over the last quarter. 0.08% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AAPL. Sageworth Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Apple by 22.7% in the first quarter. Sageworth Trust Co now owns 1,082 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Loeb Partners Corp purchased a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter valued at about $201,000. Karpas Strategies LLC purchased a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter valued at about $201,000. Professional Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter valued at about $202,000. Finally, Swift Run Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter valued at about $212,000. Institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. AAPL has been the subject of several research reports. William Blair reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $140.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $125.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Piper Jaffray Companies reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $155.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “hold” rating and set a $130.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $150.53. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Mother's Day Bargains, 15% Off Surface Pros, Half-Price Groceries May's Money Challenge: Let's Haggle Ask LH: Is Building A PC Really Cheaper Than Buying One? Budget 2017: How Students Are Getting Slugged Home How To Repurpose Fruit Skin Into Salt And Sugar What To Eat To Cleanse Your Palate Of Unicorns, Mermaids And Rainbows Google Home Now Supports Multiple Users And Can Recognise Your Voice How To Measure 'One Serve' Of Vegetables [Infographic] Entertainment How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free Star Wars Movies Ranked, From Best To Worst KickassTorrents Has Been Blocked In Australia, Achieving Nothing Find Out When Movies Are Leaving Australian Netflix Travel Anthony Bourdain's Favourite Airport Foods How Different Airlines Board Their Passengers Ask LH: Can Australia Make Me Pay Traffic Fines If I Live Overseas? Find Your 'Pocket Of Freedom' To Make Long Commutes More Bearable Health Five Warning Signs That Your Injury Requires A Doctor Lovehacker: Should I Date My Best Friend? How To Make Gourmet Lip Scrubs From Stuff You Already Have In Your Kitchen Why You Should Start Massaging Your Dog Design How To Opt Into YouTube's New Look, Including The New Dark Mode Feeling Brave? Make Your Own Transparent Samsung Galaxy S8 6 Free, Cross-Platform Video Editing Applications To Try Why Does Every Car Infotainment System Look So Crappy? Work Productivity I'm Aurelia Moser, Community Lead At Mozilla, And This Is How I Work How To Clean Up And Optimise Your Sluggish Mac Is Microsoft's New Surface Laptop Really A 'MacBook Killer'? What You Need To Know Windows 10 S Communicate Dealhacker: Get 17GB Data With Virgin Mobile For $50 A Month How To Use Your Phone As A Hotspot Without Wasting Data Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Should You Buy It? Huawei P10 Plus: Australian Pricing, Specs And Availability Organise Briefly: The Rich Life, Streamer Stalkers, Witcher 3 In 8K Briefly: Elon Musk Strategies, Yoga Hacks, Apple's $6 Billion Campus Briefly: Robotic Workforce, Fyre Festival Bedlam, Resume Hacker Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Career Six Essential Life Lessons From The Making Of Star Wars Find Your Leadership Style With This Flowchart [Infographic] What You Need To Qualify For The US Green Card Lottery Find The Best Job For You With This Entertaining Brain Game App Business Travel Here's The Pricing For Qantas' Direct Flights To London Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? These Are The Jobs Cut From The Skilled Occupations List United Airlines' Choice Of Language Proves What A Deadshit Company It Is Security Your Android Phone Has A Built-In Childproofing Feature 18 Ways To Make Your Online Accounts More Secure How HTTPS Website Security Is Making The Internet Safer From Snoopers Microsoft Warns Users Not To Install Its Latest Windows Update (For Now) Small Business & Startups Can Technology Replace Missing Roles In Small Businesses? Over 60,000 Small Businesses Now Take Credit Card Payments Through Square Elevator Pitch: TheRight.Fit Shuttered Incubator Releases All Its Startup-Building Resources For Free IT Pro Cloud How To Access Your Files On Your Mobile Device IoT, Cloud, SaaS -Microsoft Wins Today's Round Of Buzzword Bingo The ATO Website Is Down 15 Idiotic Internet Of Things Devices Nobody Asked For IT Career IBM Australia Cuts 1000 Jobs, Reports 68% Drop In Profits Google Classroom Opens School Doors To Everyone Killer Interview Question: Why Are You Leaving Your Current Employer? Think Of Your Job Interview As A Performance And Rehearse It IT Security Five Enterprise Security Lessons From Star Wars OSX/Dok Malware Steals Credentials On Macs Microsoft Took Nine Months To Fix Reported Flaw Lenovo USB Sticks: Now With Added Malware Developer How To Become A Web Developer We Tested Microsoft's 'Mixed Reality' Windows 10 Headset Here's The Schedule For Google I/O 2017 Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Deployment Review: Jabra Speak 710 Speakerphone Slack Updates Guest Access Features Where Is The USB-C On The Surface Laptop? Coke Learns The Over-Diversification Lesson The Hard Way Servers Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Six Essential Life Lessons From The Making Of Star Wars How To Repurpose Fruit Skin Into Salt And Sugar How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free Hump Day Deals: Mother's Day Bargains, 15% Off Surface Pros, Half-Price Groceries How To Clean Up And Optimise Your Sluggish Mac Thorin Klosowski May 4, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple mac tips macos os x Share Your Mac is running a little slow these days. It takes forever to boot up. You have to delete something just to download that file attachment from Carla in accounting. Any time you stream a video it seems to lock up for a few seconds. Let's fix all that. Illustration: Elena Scotti/GMG, photo: Shutterstock Update Your System Software Before we do anything, let's make sure your Mac is up to date. Click the Apple icon > App Store, then click the Updates tab. Install any software updates you see here, including macOS updates. This might include security updates or small performance improvements for whatever version of macOS you're running. Of course, Apple's operating systems have been free for the last several iterations, so if you want to also update to Mavericks, Yosemite, El Capitan or Sierra, you can usually do so without any knock on your Mac's performance. This is completely optional and up to you, but make sure you are at least running the most recent version of whichever operating system you've landed on. Get Rid of Old Apps Generally speaking, cleaning up your Mac is often about deleting all the cruft you've accumulated over the years that causes your storage space to fill up. If you're low on space or folders just feel too cluttered, it's time to delete old junk. Personally, I like to start by removing apps and then move on to deleting files. It's very easy to glance at a list and know whether you still use an app or not. Open up your Applications folder, then sort the apps by size, with the largest at the top. If you have a huge application installed that you never use, like iMovie or Garageband, get rid of them. Remember, you can always download anything you got from the Mac App Store again. If you purchased software from a developer, make sure you still have the licence key somewhere before you delete it, just in case you need it again at some point in the future. We're all trained to uninstall Mac apps by dragging an icon into the trash from the Applications folder, but doing so tends to leave random files associated with that app across your system. These orphan files are rarely substantial in size, but it's clutter nonetheless. Instead, it's best to use a utility that will also track down that orphaned files. I like App Cleaner for this because it's free and easy to use. Click and drag an application you want to delete into the App Cleaner window, then App Cleaner hunts down and removes any files associated with that application. Clear Out Your Storage Space Chances are, once you clear out a bunch of dumb old apps you no longer use, you'll have a lot more storage space. That isn't the end of the process though. If you're working with small storage, you need to be more vigilant. Next up, it's time to dig around for weird old files you no longer need. If you're running macOS Sierra, you can easily find and remove large files using the built-in storage manager. If you're not on Sierra, I like the $14.99 hard drive analyser, DaisyDisk. DaisyDisk analyses your system, finds massive files, then lets you delete those files right from the app. Launch DaisyDisk and it shows you a graph with all your files based on type. This way, you can track down anything that's suspiciously large, like some random video you needed one time, then delete it. DaisyDisk is idiot-proof and automatically hides system files. Since you can preview files in the app, it's pretty hard to remove an important file by accident. Even still, before you do this, make sure you have backups of any important files. Go through your very large files and delete anything you no longer need. Depending on how you tend to store files or if you have different backups, this might be a few downloads you forgot about, or it might be entire directories of files you no longer need. For example, as you can see in the GIF above, I can follow a trail of storage hogs all the way down to my email application's hidden attachments folder. If you don't want to shell out the $15 for DaisyDisk and you're not using macOS Sierra, Disk Inventory X is free, but you'll have to go back and manually locate the large files Disk Inventory X finds in Finder to remove them. Optimise Your System Next up, it's time to clear up all the random cache files, histories and other junk that's wasting space and slowing down your system. Historically, we've long been fans of OnyX for this task. When you first open up OnyX, it's a bit confusing because you'll see multiple tabs with a lot of different check boxes. Most of us don't need to worry about the majority of this though. For a quick cleansing and optimisation of your Mac, click the Automation tab. The default settings here are pretty safe for everyone, though some people may want to uncheck the box next to Web browser cache and history if you don't want to lose specific data from your browser. When you're happy with your selections, click the Execute button. If you prefer a more manual approach, click the Cleaning tab instead of Automation, then select the specific data to purge. If you don't like OnyX for whatever reason, CCleaner does a similar thing and is easier to use. They're both functionally the same, but OnyX has far more options for advanced users and can do everything for free out of the box without any additional purchases. Clean Up Everything Else Finally, let's clear out a few other places the above options might have missed. Empty your trash: You do empty your trash now and again, right? If not, Ctrl-click the trash can in the dock and select Empty Trash. Clear out your Downloads folder: Most browsers save every file you download to the appropriately named Downloads folder. You should clear that out sometimes. Open up Finder, then head to username/Downloads. Take a look at all the files in here, delete anything you don't need, and move everything you do want to keep to a safer place. Clean up your desktop: Do you have a lot of files on your desktop? First off, you're a monster. Second, that's probably slowing down your computer. Clean it up. Find folders for those files to live in and delete files you don't need. Remove old disk images: Macs use disk images to install files, which makes for easy installation, but also means that some of us tend to have random disk images all over the place. Open up Finder, click on All My Files, then type "disk manager" into the search box to locate any of those DMG files hidden throughout your Mac. Clear out old Mail downloads: If you use Apple Mail, attachments and other random files can fill your hard drive up fast without you realising it. Open up Spotlight (press Command+Space), then type in "Mail Downloads". Tap Enter on the folder that pops up. This folder might have hundreds of items. These are all the various attachments Mail has downloaded over the years. Assuming you're not using a POP email server, which doesn't retain old copies after they're downloaded, you can safely delete every file inside this folder and they will remain on email server. Clean up your login items: If your Mac is slow to start, it might be because it's attempting to launch 20 apps at once. Open System Preferences, then select Users & Groups. Click the Login Items tab, then remove anything that you don't need or want to launch at startup. Consider an SSD (if you don't have one already): If you have an older Mac with a hard drive, then you'll see the biggest performance gains from installing a solid state drive. SSDs allow for much faster data transfer, which improves boot time and application launch speed. It's seriously very easy to do and with a MacBook Pro you can typically replace an old SuperDrive that you likely no longer use with the SSD, giving you two types of storage. If you're unwilling or unable to do all this stuff on your own, there's CleanMyMac, which for $55.10 does pretty much everything I listed above all in one app. CleanMyMac can fully remove apps, do general performance maintenance, and it will track down a variety of large files for easy removal. CleanMyMac tends to have a mixed reception amongst users, but How-To Geek and Macworld both give it the OK. Personally, I prefer the a la carte methods listed above though. WATCH MORE: Tech News & Life Hacks Comments WiseHacker @wisehacker May 4, 2017, 7:20am The first point I'm not so sure about. Snow Leopard was my first OS X desktop OS and I feel that optimisation has been continually lost in each new release. I cannot help but feel I'm not using an OS anymore but a iOS emulator given Apple's obsession to homogenising their products down to what will work on an iPad first. Apple should have been smart and have their products compliment each other while having their software specialised for a given primary purpose. Reply 0 matt0 @matt0 May 4, 2017, 1:07pm Step 1: Wipe Mac Step 2: Install Dual boot Step 3: Install Ubuntu Step 4: Only boot to Ubuntu Step 5: Finally have a working Mac Reply 1 Interesting Mix @interestingmix May 4, 2017, 2:52pm Pretty much my solution nowadays. Running a Macbook Pro purchased in 2007 :-D Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Ask LH: Is Building A PC Really Cheaper Than Buying One? Whitson Gordon 02 May 2017 1:30 PM Dear Lifehacker, I'm in the market for a new computer. My friend says it's cheaper to build one myself, but it looks like I can get a cheaper computer from Dell or Asus. I'm not afraid of building, but I'd rather not spend extra if I don't have to. Which will actually save me money? Ask LH: Can Australia Make Me Pay Traffic Fines If I Live Overseas? Chris Jager 03 May 2017 1:30 PM Dear Lifehacker, I live in the USA. I was driving in Australia last Autumn and got four tickets in the course of one day from highway cameras equalling $1000 in fines. I can't afford to pay this, so I haven't. Is there any recourse that the AU government can take against me back in the USA? Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Build Your Dream Career With This 150+ Course Bootcamp Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Become A Certified Project Manager With This Bundle Trending Articles 1 Ask LH: Is Building A PC Really Cheaper Than Buying One? 2 Ask LH: Can Australia Make Me Pay Traffic Fines If I Live Overseas? 3 Find Your Leadership Style With This Flowchart [Infographic] A Second Giant Crack Has Appeared On Antarctica's Larsen C Ice Shelf How Two New Rogue One Novels Expand The Star Wars Canon Lunar Colonists May Make Bricks From Moon Dust And Sunlight Donald Glover's Funk Album Proves That He's Going To Be A Great Lando Calrissian Guy Delisle's Hostage Tells A Grim, True Tale Of Captivity In A Haunting, Minimalist Style A New World Record For Beating Fallout: New Vegas Fast A Hand Drawn RPG About Everyday Life Futuristic Racer Extreme-G 2 Is Back And It Isn't Pretty Six Essential Life Lessons From The Making Of Star Wars Five Warning Signs That Your Injury Requires A Doctor Five Enterprise Security Lessons From Star Wars Find Your Leadership Style With This Flowchart [Infographic] AUSTRALIAN STOCKS FALL AGAIN: Here's what you need to know 10 things in tech you need to know today Morrisons' sales accelerate as Amazon deal pays off SocGen avoided a potentially embarrassing day in court © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:06 A.M. ET Punch Taverns swings to loss on write-downs 3:05 A.M. ET Shell shares gain 3.3% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Inmarsat swings to loss; outlook unchanged 3:05 A.M. ET Esure sees FY results at top end of guidance 3:04 A.M. ET Ladbrokes Coral revenue up; trading in line 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale shares down 2.4% after decline in quarterly profit 3:03 A.M. ET HSBC profit beats views, spurring buyback hopes 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale, Libya fund to settle fraud case 3:02 A.M. ET HSBC shares rise 2.9% after quarterly earnings report 3:01 A.M. ET G4S revenue rises 8.9% in first quarter 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,304.78 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,264.32 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Glencore lifts guidance; copper output falls 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market ends little changed as Fed stands pat on interest rates By Sue Chang and Anora Mahmudova Published: May 3, 2017 4:44 p.m. ET Share Dow ekes out gain; Apple ends with small loss By SueChang Markets reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter Getty Images Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen didn’t have any surprises for the stock market in May. The Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a tiny gain while other major indexes posted small losses Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left monetary policy unchanged, as expected, and indicated it remains on track to deliver two more rate increases by year-end. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.13% shed 3.04 points, or 0.1%, to close at 2,388.13. The largest component on the index, Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.31%  declined 0.3%, recovering partially from a more-than-1% decline earlier. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.04%  ticked up 8.01 points, or less than 0.1%, to end at 20,957.90. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.37% retreated from its record close on Tuesday to fall 22.82 points, or 0.4%, to 6,072.55. In a statement, the Fed’s rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee said a slowdown in first-quarter economic growth was “likely to be transitory” and described job gains as “solid.” “They view the weak first-quarter GDP as ‘transitory’ and not something likely to impact policy. That officially puts two more interest-rate increases on the table,” said Matthew Peterson, chief wealth strategist at LPL Financial, who characterized the Fed’s stance as “pretty much as expected.” “The market can get back to earnings, which have generally been good. The market will be very focused on the June meeting, but even here, a rate increase should not be problematic given what we believe is already priced in.“ Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer for Cornerstone Financial Partners, said the Fed’s comments were “neutral” given the absence of details on plans for the central bank’s $4.5 trillion balance sheet, which is expected to be unwound. “The implication for stocks is that there is no news — positive or negative — and this should leave them trading in a range until we get more information out of Washington on tax cuts [and] deregulation,” he said. Stocks had traded lower earlier in the session in response to Apple’s mixed quarterly results, but bounced off lows as the iPhone-maker’s stock trimmed losses. Apple’s stock had rallied into the earnings report, gaining a total of 2.7% in Monday and Tuesday’s sessions. Shares have risen 25% since January, topping the S&P 500’s year-to-date gain of 6.5%. Read: Apple’s stock falls after iPhone maker’s revenue, guidance miss forecasts “We are seeing a little bit of weakness…partly because of Apple, but partly because of the fact that the index has failed to break out higher. In fact, over the past five sessions, the index has traded in the tightest range since 1984,” said Mike Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. “This is the reason why the VIX is so low,” he added. Read: Wall Street’s ‘fear gauge’ is falling, bonds and the stock market are soaring — something’s gotta give The measure of implied volatility on the S&P 500, the CBOE Volatility index VIX, +0.85%  is at 10.68. Earlier, market reaction to private-sector jobs data was muted. Private-sector employment growth slowed down in April as employers added 177,000 jobs, ADP reported Wednesday, down from a revised 255,000 jobs created in March. Economic news: Markit’s services activity report for April showed a slight uptick at 53.1, and an increase from the previous month’s 52.5. Meanwhile, ISM reported a nonmanufacturing index of 57.5, indicating growth, which was above the consensus of 56 of economists polled by MarketWatch. Individual movers: Shares in Yum Brands Inc. YUM, +2.88%  rose 2.9% after the KFC and Pizza Hut parent posted better-than-expected earnings before the open. Clorox Co. CLX, +0.85%  rose 0.9% as the maker of cleaning products posted quarterly profit that topped expectations. Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.62%  shares lost 0.6% as the company missed profit and sales expectations as cigarette volume underperformed. Humana Inc. HUM, -0.70%  stock slid 0.7% after the health insurance company beat profit and revenue estimates. Molson Coors Brewing Co. TAP, -4.69%  stock shed 4.7% after missing earnings forecasts. Weight Watchers International Inc. WTW, +9.30% jumped 9.3% after it swung to a first-quarter profit. Mondelez International Inc. MDLZ, +2.95%  shares rose 2.9% after the snack-food company’s quarterly results topped Wall Street estimates late Tuesday. Shares of FireEye Inc. FEYE, +12.86% soared nearly 13% after reporting better-than-expected first-quarter earnings. Other markets: Oil futures US:CLK7  edged up, while European stocks SXXP, -0.04% were mixed. Asian markets closed mostly lower, with several key exchanges closed for holidays. Gold futures GCM7, -1.05%  dropped, and a key dollar index DXY, +0.04% rose moderately. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note climbed 4 basis points to 2.32%. —Victor Reklaitis contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch North Korea's Missile Advancements The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing How to make sure you never run out of money Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -3.04 -0.13% AAPL -0.45 -0.31% DJIA +8.01 +0.04% COMP -22.82 -0.37% VIX +0.09 +0.85% YUM +1.91 +2.88% CLX +1.11 +0.85% RAI -0.40 -0.62% HUM -1.58 -0.70% TAP -4.47 -4.69% WTW +1.97 +9.30% MDLZ +1.29 +2.95% FEYE +1.57 +12.86% SXXP -0.16 -0.04% GCM7 -13.10 -1.05% DXY +0.04 +0.04% Show all references Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,387 High 2,390 Low 2,380 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $147.06 -0.45 (-0.31%) Volume 44.9M Open $145.59 High $147.49 Low $144.27 P/E Ratio 17.61 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap 773.9B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,957.90 +8.01 (+0.04%) Volume 310.9M Open 20,915 High 20,973 Low 20,874 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,072.55 -22.82 (-0.37%) Volume 0 Open 6,075 High 6,077 Low 6,053 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 10.68 +0.09 (+0.85%) Volume 0 Open 10.56 High 11.15 Low 10.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Yum! Brands Inc. U.S.: NYSE: YUM $68.25 +1.91 (+2.88%) Volume 4.8M Open $67.17 High $68.81 Low $66.92 P/E Ratio 17.02 Div Yield 1.76 Market Cap 23.4B Clorox Co. U.S.: NYSE: CLX $131.20 +1.11 (+0.85%) Volume 1.5M Open $129.04 High $131.59 Low $127.62 P/E Ratio 26.35 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 16.7B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $64.47 -0.40 (-0.62%) Volume 2.5M Open $64.62 High $64.77 Low $64.38 P/E Ratio 15.17 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 92.5B Humana Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HUM $224.02 -1.58 (-0.70%) Volume 1.1M Open $228.59 High $228.61 Low $223.16 P/E Ratio 57.23 Div Yield 0.71 Market Cap 32.6B Molson Coors Brewing Co. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: TAP $90.89 -4.47 (-4.69%) Volume 8.2M Open $92.02 High $93.04 Low $89.27 P/E Ratio 9.91 Div Yield 1.8 Market Cap 20.5B Weight Watchers International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WTW $23.16 +1.97 (+9.30%) Volume 7.2M Open $24.40 High $25.20 Low $22.86 P/E Ratio 22.71 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.4B Mondelez International Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: MDLZ $45.03 +1.29 (+2.95%) Volume 12.3M Open $45.00 High $45.88 Low $44.83 P/E Ratio 43.98 Div Yield 1.69 Market Cap 66.7B FireEye Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FEYE $13.78 +1.57 (+12.86%) Volume 31.1M Open $14.00 High $14.52 Low $13.62 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.2B : () STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.37 -0.16 (-0.04%) Volume 0 Open 389.34 High 389.39 Low 388.46 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,235.40 -13.10 (-1.05%) Volume 46776 Open $1,239 High $1,242 Low $1,233 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 99.42 +0.04 (+0.04%) Volume 0 Open 99.35 High 99.46 Low 99.29 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email Is the ethical bar for practitioners higher than it is for PTAB judges? By Gene Quinn May 3, 2017 4 Print Article Over the last week we have written several times (here and here) about a Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) situation that, in my opinion, symbolizes everything that is wrong with a tribunal that is out of touch with reality. Prior to being hired in March 2013 by the U.S. Department of Commerce to become an Administrative Patent Judge (APJ) on the PTAB, Matthew R. Clements represented Apple as patent infringement defense counsel while working for Ropes & Gray. Since September 2014, APJ Clements has been assigned to numerous petitions, mostly CBMs but some IPRs, filed by Apple, his former client. Clements’ record in deciding cases, perhaps predictably, is tilted overwhelmingly in Apple’s favor. None of these facts suggest that there is anything legally erroneous about the decisions made by Clements in these Apple petitions, but the appearance of impropriety is palpable. Anyone who denies the horrific optics is just fooling themselves. Especially when Apple is well known as one of the largest and most regular filers of petitions at PTAB. I’ve searched for a Code of Conduct applicable to APJs on the PTAB, but have not been able to find one. I’ve inquired of many industry experts, none of whom were able to cite or identify a Code of Conduct applicable to APJs on the PTAB. I even asked the Patent Office if there was a Code of Conduct applicable to APJs on the PTAB akin to the Code of Conduct that is applied to Article III federal judges. While the Patent Office declined to comment on our reporting of what appears to be a serious conflict of interest, inquiries about a Code of Conduct applicable to APJs were simply ignored. Yesterday PatentsPostGrant published an article severely criticizing our coverage of this matter for a variety of reasons. Among them was the fact that we identified the APJ by name who represented Apple as defense counsel and who has been deciding Apple post grant petitions. We’ve received this type of criticism in the past, which strikes me as both odd and petty. I suppose we could have referred to the PTAB judge in question as APJ X, the way the Patent Office referred to Examiner A when it came to light that he/she submitted over 700 hours in fraudulent time sheets. But referring to APJ X and then providing the citations to the cases and links that factually verify our reporting would seem to be a peculiar game of smoke and mirrors. We don’t protect the identities of Article III judges when writing about their cases, decisions, speeches or possible ethics violations, and neither does the Office of Enrollment and Discipline with respect to patent attorneys and patent agents. And the PTAB has openly compared themselves in Patent Public Advisory Committee (PPAC) meetings as doing more patent litigation casework than the most active Article III courts. PatentsPostGrant also took issue with our claim that there is a problem with Clements deciding the post grant petitions of his former defense client, citing to a generic USPTO ethics document that they claim applies to PTAB judges. The document does not mention the PTAB, nor does it mention the word “judge.” Instead, it is the general policy that applies to all USPTO employees. The claim is made that this applies to PTAB judges, and by its express terms allows employees to work on matters as soon as 1 year after they have ceased representing a former client (see page 7). So the claim is made that Clements acted ethically because he did not decide any petitions of his former patent infringement defense client for 18 months. I don’t know whether PatentsPostGrant is right or wrong when it is claimed that the generic USPTO all employees ethics policy is the proper and only Code of Conduct applicable to PTAB judges. But if that is correct serious questions need to be asked of the Patent Office. Why does anyone think it is proper for a judge to decide a post grant petition dealing with a former client 366 days after ceasing representation? Moreover, why aren’t there any specific policies, rules, guidelines or Code of Conduct applicable to APJs? Does it make sense to have the same policy that applies to all USPTO employees be the only policy that applies to a judge, particularly judges as powerful as PTAB judges? While I don’t know whether PatentsPostGrant is right or wrong, I’m happy to say that I shouldn’t have personally jumped to the conclusion that an APJ deciding cases involving a former client is unethical even if that would be the case in an Article III court. Because, as ridiculous as it sounds, it seems PTAB judges can ethically decide cases dealing with their former patent infringement defense clients as soon as 1 year after ceasing representation without violating USPTO ethics rules. Still, the fact that the USPTO rules seem to allow for a PTAB judge to decide petitions filed by their former patent infringement defense clients after a 1-year recusal period is astonishing. These rules absolutely must be changed. They are wholly and completely inconsistent with any sensible notion of what it means to have a conflict of interest. Interestingly, had APJ Clements not been a member of the PTAB and one of the patent owners – let’s say Smartflash for example – had come to him and asked him to represent them in a PTAB proceeding against Apple, the conflict of interest question would have been a much easier question. Having represented Apple previously as defense counsel it would seem that the duty to a former client under 37 CFR 11.109 would prevent Clements from representing the patent owner adverse to Apple and now charging Apple with patent infringement, which is a prerequisite to the filing of a CBM petition. Had Clements represented Smartflash in any of the CBM proceedings brought by Apple on which he sat as a judge there would seem to be a direct and irreconcilable violation of the ethics rules applicable to patent attorneys and patent agents. How truly ironic, and pathetically sad, it would be if the ethical bar set for practitioners is so much higher than the ethical bar the USPTO sets for its own Administrative Patent Judges. How could that possible? In what universe would it make any sense to have a lower ethical bar for judges deciding cases than for patent practitioners? PTAB judge are appointed by the Secretary of Commerce, which makes them far more than mere employees of the USPTO. They should be held to a higher standard than a generic all employees policy. It is also unacceptable, and completely nonsensical, for APJs to have less stringent conflict standards than for the attorneys appearing before them. Simply put, if an APJ couldn’t represent both parties in the case that APJ should not ethically be allowed to issue a decision in the case, period. President Trump campaigned on draining the swamp that is Washington, DC. Many on the left and the right have tried to do so in the past, so we will have to wait and see just how successful President Trump is at delivering on this fundamental campaign promise. But if President Trump is at all serious about draining the swamp and preventing insiders from accessing influence, how can the Department of Commerce justify allowing one of its hand picked PTAB judges to hear and decide cases dealing with the interests of a former defense client? If the facts create a conflict for an Article III judge and would also prevent a private citizen patent practitioner from engaging in representation, surely the facts should disqualify a PTAB judge, right? The Author Gene Quinn is a Patent Attorney and Editor and founder of IPWatchdog.com. Gene is also a principal lecturer in the PLI Patent Bar Review Course and an attorney with Widerman Malek. Gene’s specialty is in the area of strategic patent consulting, patent application drafting and patent prosecution. He consults with attorneys facing peculiar procedural issues at the Patent Office, advises investors and executives on patent law changes and pending litigation matters, and works with start-up businesses throughout the United States and around the world, primarily dealing with software and computer related innovations. Gene is admitted to practice law in New Hampshire, is a Registered Patent Attorney and is also admitted to practice before the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. CLICK HERE to send Gene a message. Tags:CBM, Covered Business, covered business method review, covered business methods, ethics, inter partes, inter partes review, IPR, Judge Matt Clements, judicial ethics, patent, patent office, Patent Trial and Appeal Board, patents, post grant procedures, post grant proceedings, PTAB, Transitional Program for Covered Business Method Patents, USPTO Posted In:Department of Commerce, Government, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Patents, Post Grant Procedures, USPTO, White House Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently 4 Comments comments. Join the discussion. David May 3, 2017 5:42 pm Because PTAB APJs lack lifetime tenure, the subconscious bias is that they might return to representing their clients someday. This is a principal distinction with Article III judges. Rules governing conflicts of interests should be clearly set out and publicly known. Also, rules governing standard PTO employees are probably insufficient where dealing with former patent litigators now sitting in judgment of issued patents. Anon May 3, 2017 6:00 pm David, I am not sure as to which direction the distinction you offer should tilt the ethics question (at least, which direction YOU feel the direction should tilt based on that factor). Personally, I would view that difference as necessitating an even more stringent level of ethical scrutiny, since the possibility of post-judicial employ raises the possibility of explicit and implicit favor-granting. David May 3, 2017 6:09 pm Anon – I agree. The rules should, as a bare minimum, match those in the Article III courts. Or, more realistically, given the lack of tenure, exceed the Article III reqs. But, as you and I both know, the PTO will do whatever it wants. Queen Michelle K. Lee calls the shots, and her army of Benedict Arnold PTAB lawyer$ will do her bidding Night Writer May 3, 2017 8:47 pm This is crazy. The patent judge could have just not taken the case. Seems like patent owners are treated like felons. Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Post Your Event → Upcoming Events Mon 08 IIPCC Presents Promoting Innovation, Investment and Job Growth by Fixing America’s Patent System May 8 @ 1:00 pm - 8:00 pm EDT DC United States Mon 22 Harrity Diversity Summer Workshop May 22 @ 9:00 am - May 26 @ 5:00 pm EDT Wed 24 ConnectLive 2017 May 24 @ 8:00 am - May 25 @ 5:00 pm EDT Jun 18 IPBC Global 2017 June 18 @ 5:30 pm - June 20 @ 7:30 am EDT Ottawa, Canada Jun 19 IP Law Europe Summit June 19 @ 8:00 am - June 20 @ 8:00 pm EDT View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit In precedential decision, Federal Circuit rules patent directed to encoding and decoding image data is not patent-eligible CAFC Interprets AIA On-Sale Bar: Invention details need not be public for sale to be invalidating Is ‘Plain and Ordinary Meaning’ a Viable Proposed Claim Construction After the Federal Circuit’s Decision in Eon? Are conflicts of interest at the PTAB leading to preferential decisions for Apple? Recent court rumblings about a narrow scope of IPR estoppel Rule 36, Collateral Estoppel and Unequal Treatment at the Federal Circuit Samsung Succeeds in Reducing Damages for Infringement of Two Rembrandt Patents Refusal to institute IPR based on reference does not preclude use of reference for motivation to combine Federal Circuit says Rule 36 Judgments can have Preclusive Effect Federal Circuit affirms ruling that Apple does not infringe Core Wireless’ Patent Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Defining the Full Glory of Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Application Drafting: Using the Specification for more than the ordinary plain meaning Patent Strategy: Advanced Patent Claim Drafting for Inventors Patent Drafting 101: The Basics of Describing Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims Patent & Invention Basics Defining the Full Glory of Your Invention in a Patent Application What is a Utility Patent? Defining Computer Related Inventions in a post-Alice World Do You Need a Patent? Inventing Strategy 101: Laying the Foundation for Business Success Debunking the Myth that Patents Create a Monopoly Requisites of a Patent Application: Claims and drawings technically not required on filing date Patent Prosecution 101: Understanding Patent Examiner Rejections Patent Strategy: Advanced Patent Claim Drafting for Inventors Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright copyrights David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Federal Circuit Review Gene Quinn Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents Patent Trial and Appeal Board patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (13) April 2017  (104) March 2017  (105) February 2017  (102) January 2017  (121) December 2016  (96) November 2016  (80) October 2016  (99) September 2016  (84) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (46) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (77) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts Citing ‘unusual circumstances’ PTO delays responding to FOIA request on status of Michelle Lee Top Patent Firms for 2016 Revolutionary JP Morgan software capable of doing contract review likely patent ineligible in the U.S. A Few Thoughts on the Supreme Court’s Section 101 Jurisprudence Congress Needs to Act So Alice Doesn’t Live Here (in the Patent System) Anymore The PTAB has failed to solve the patent troll problem created by large operating companies Patent Office finally confirms Michelle Lee is Director of the USPTO Patent Reform 2017: Changes coming from the Judiciary, Legislative and Executive Branches The Difference Between Eastern and Western Innovation Management Jury hits Google with $20 million verdict in patent infringement case targeting Chrome web browsers Provenance of U.S. patents in question as they continue to carry signature of Michelle Lee China relaxing barriers to software, business method patents with revised patent guidelines Will the Trump Administration Be Pro Patent? How tech’s ruling class stifles innovation with efficient infringement Google, HTC, ZTE, Huawei gang up on small navigation software developer with IPR filing At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2017 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts Is the ethical bar for practitioners higher than it is for PTAB judges? Patent troll narrative returns to Capitol Hill as relentless push for patent reform continues Navigating the Maze of International Cannabis Trademarks FCC Chairman Pai seeks return to ‘light-touch framework’ for Internet regulation Fraser Clemens Martin & Miller LLC joins Shumaker, Loop & Kendrick, LLP Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Apple and Groupon stocks stood out on a mixed day for indexes. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 3, 2017 at 4:55PM Stocks traded in the red for most of the session on Wednesday, but a move higher in the afternoon allowed the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) to eke out a gain even as the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) index finished slightly lower. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.04% 8.01 S&P 500 (0.13%) (3.04) Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Financial stocks saw some of the heaviest trading, and the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLF) beat the broader market with a 0.8% increase. Gold prices dipped by over 1%, which helped send the bullish bet on the precious metal, VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF (NYSEMKT:GDX), down 1%. As for individual stocks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Groupon (NASDAQ:GRPN) both attracted heavy investor interest in the wake of their quarterly earnings reports. Image source: Getty Images. Apple keeps growing Apple shares held close to all-time highs after the tech giant announced that it had earned $11 billion in its fiscal second quarter, which translates into $2.10 per share of profit -- up 10.5% over the prior year. Revenue came in at $52.9 billion, or just above the middle of the guidance range that CEO Tim Cook and his team issued in January. Gross margin was 38.9% of sales, also within the company's earlier forecast thanks to improving average selling prices in the iPhone business and booming results out of the services segment. "We are proud to report a strong March quarter," Cook said in a press release, "with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus." Image source: Apple. Apple had some good news for income investors, as the company hiked its dividend payout by 10.5% to $0.63 per share. It also increased its share repurchase authorization after returning $10 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks during the quarter. Apple's fiscal third-quarter forecast projects continued growth as revenue rises to between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion from the prior year's $42.4 billion. On the product front, investors can look forward to the annual developer's conference in June and a refreshed iPhone release announcement in the fall. Groupon's international stumble Shares of deals specialist Groupon fell 13% following the release of the company's first-quarter earnings. Revenue dipped 4% to $673.6 million, while consensus estimates were targeting $722 million. The key driver behind the slump was a choice by the executive team to increase profitability at the expense of revenue growth in the U.S. market. That geography shrank revenue by 5% but increased profit by 2%. "We are increasingly focusing the business on initiatives that are intended to maximize gross profit," management explained in a press release. Those shifts, they said, "had an unfavorable impact on North America revenue." Groupon also stumbled in the international segment, which added no new users and experienced a 15% drop in gross profit. Overall, the company continued to operate in the red, generating a $24.4 million net loss. Executives left their full-year profit forecast unchanged. However, they said that their goal of producing a turnaround in the international segment following their exiting of 11 more markets is proving harder to deliver. The rebound effort will likely take "a few more quarters than expected," they explained in an investor presentation, and so gross profit might end up at the low end of the target range of between $1.3 billion and $1.35 billion this year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 3, 2017 at 4:55PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $20,957.90 up $8.01 (0.04%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,388.13 down $-3.04 (-0.13%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $146.80 down $0.71 (-0.48%) Groupon NASDAQ:GRPN $3.47 down $0.53 (-13.25%) Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF NYSEMKT:GDX $21.51 down $0.23 (-1.06%) Financial Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLF $23.84 up $0.19 (0.80%) Read More 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week So You Like Dividends? I Bet You'll Love These 3 Stocks Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy 2 Stocks I'd Never Buy, and 1 I'll Consider 4 Stocks That Turned $1,000 into $100,000 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What Happened in the Stock Market Today @themotleyfool #stocks $^DJI, $^GSPC, $AAPL, $GRPN, $GDX, $XLF
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Apple's Mac business, after getting back on track in the company's first fiscal quarter, accelerated in the company's most recent quarter. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 3, 2017 at 4:30PM For quite a while, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) executives seemed to be quite happy to highlight quarter-after-quarter of market share gains in the personal computer market with its Mac notebook and desktop products. However, due to a lack of compelling updates to its product lines, the company suffered several quarters of personal computer share declines. With the launch of the company's new MacBook Pro computers back in October, Apple began seeing its Mac business rebound. In the first quarter of the company's current fiscal year, it saw Mac units grow 1% and Mac revenue grow 7% year over year, which suggested a resumption of market segment share gains in the broader personal computer market. Image source: Apple. In the company's most recent quarter (second quarter of fiscal 2017), Apple's Mac business saw an acceleration in its year-over-year performance; unit shipments were up 4%, and revenue grew 14%. Apple CFO Luca Maestri observed that these results signal that Apple gained share in the personal computer market, citing data from research company IDC pegging industrywide personal computer unit shipment growth at 0%. Let's take a closer look at what Apple management had to say about these strong Mac results on the earnings call. MacBook Pro drove the growth Apple's Mac business consists of several product lines, including the MacBook Pro, MacBook, and MacBook Air notebooks as well as the iMac, Mac Pro, and Mac Mini desktop computers. Maestri noted that "demand for the MacBook Pro was very strong, helping to drive overall portables growth of 10%." The executive pointed out that this growth rate is "twice the growth of the portables market." Further, given the strong average selling price performance, it stands to reason that customers are buying up to the latest MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar rather than opting for older, discounted models. Although the MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar did garner some criticism, the strong sales data seems to suggest robust customer acceptance of the new systems. Mac desktop is clearly down Since Apple reported 4% growth in overall Mac unit shipments, and Maestri indicated on the call that its portable computer shipments grew by 10% year over year, that leads us to conclude that Apple's desktop business dropped meaningfully year over year. However, that isn't necessarily Apple's fault. Chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which supplies the bulk of the world's personal computer processors, recently reported that while its notebook platform volume shipments grew 1% year over year, its desktop platform volumes dropped 7% year over year. Since Intel's notebook and desktop platform shipments can give investors a sense of the underlying industry trends, it's probably reasonable to conclude that Apple's desktop shipment decline is, at least in large part, due to an overall decline in the demand for personal computers. That said, Apple's iMac desktop line is clearly due for an update, and perhaps Apple's desktop shipment and/or revenue performance will improve once the company brings out refreshed Mac desktop products. Apple reiterates commitment to Mac Although it may have seemed as though Apple had shifted its focus away from the Mac, Apple CEO Tim Cook assured investors that it's still going to give this segment the attention it deserves. "We're investing aggressively in [the Mac's] future, and we are excited about the innovation we can bring to the platform," Cook said. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 3, 2017 at 4:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $146.80 down $0.71 (-0.48%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.98 up $0.28 (0.77%) Read More Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Plus Is Driving Average Selling Prices Higher Does Apple Music Have a Millennial Problem? Apple Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Tuesday Apple, Inc. Has Sold More Than $5.1 Billion in Wearables Over the Past Year Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple CEO Tim Cook says 'services are on a tear' in China Cook said Mac business increased 20 percent in China Apple Watch sales grew in China Services business is "on a tear" in China Todd Haselton | @robotodd 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple CEO Tim Cook explains 'extraordinary' China growth    12 Hours Ago | 01:31 Apple CEO Tim Cook told CNBC's Jim Cramer that Apple's Mac business grew by 20 percent in China during the quarter, and Apple saw other promising indicators in the market. The Apple Watch "grew nicely," Cook said, while the "services [business] is on a tear there." "Chinese developers have done a great job delivering apps people really want," Cook said. "There are a whole set of things that are going really well, we just have to get them all together." Cook also commented briefly in another segment about iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus sales, again reiterating that discussions about a new model may be pushing consumers to wait on their upgrades. Tune in to "Mad Money" tonight for the full interview. Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Apple's dilemma: What to do with $358b cash pile Apple's quarterly report showed that its cash holdings - the vast majority held overseas - jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile, sparking debate on what to do with such massive reserves.PHOTO: NYTIMES Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/42u5 Copy Like many US multinationals, it has resisted taking money home due to tax disincentives WASHINGTON • It is a sign of Apple's success but also a thorny problem: Its cash stockpile has hit a staggering US$256.8 billion (S$358 billion), sparking debate on what to do with such massive reserves. Apple's quarterly report on Tuesday showed that its cash holdings - the vast majority held overseas - jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code - it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 per cent when repatriated. Proposals by US President Donald Trump and lawmakers could lower the tax rate for repatriated earnings, an incentive for Apple and others to put the money to work in the United States. Apple has become the most valuable and profitable company of the current era. But it faces unique challenges because its earnings come mostly from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated smartphone market. Apple faces periodic pressure to return more cash to shareholders with higher dividends and more share buybacks, and has already spent US$200 billion doing this. Mr Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy argued that returning all the cash to shareholders "doesn't help further anyone's strategic interests" and that Apple needs to find ways to diversify its business. One way to do this would be "going vertical", or acquiring a chipmaker such as AMD to supply all Apple devices, Mr Moorhead said. Apple's situation has highlighted the growing stockpiles of cash held overseas by US multinationals, now estimated to be between US$2.5 trillion and US$3 trillion. Stanford University professor Lisa De Simone, who specialises in international taxation, said the current code creates "incentives for companies to shift as much of their profits as they can offshore". But she said a temporary tax "holiday" as Washington tried in 2004 would only increase the incentives. "Companies like Apple have only increased their income shifting in expectation they could get another holiday later on," she said, arguing for a permanent tax change. The Trump administration is seeking to encourage firms to bring those earnings home for investment and job creation in the United States. Could Apple use some of the cash to bring large-scale manufacturing back to the United States? Mr Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said this is unlikely because of Apple's manufacturing and supply process. "We simply don't have the work force to support this scale of manufacturing," he said. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 04, 2017, with the headline 'Apple's dilemma: What to do with $358b cash pile'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  APPLE STOCK MARKET More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/42u5 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Matt Gemmell Books KESTREL seriesAction/thriller CHANGEROut now! Non-fiction Raw MaterialsPersonal essays Resolving Plot IssuesWriting your novel Writing in MarkdownPlain text with structure About About Matt Gemmell Contact me Twitter Facebook Google+ Email Get news via email Blog Newest entries My favourite articlesStart here Archive & Search Subscribe via RSS Membership ☰  Go to… CHANGER Books About Blog Membership Search/Archive Twitter Get news via Email Subscribe via RSS My new book CHANGER is out now! An action-thriller novel — book 1 in the KESTREL series. ★★★★★ — Amazon Damage May 3rd, 2017 tech 3 min read No company has done as much damage to the perceived value of software, and the sustainability of being an independent developer, as Apple. Not that other companies wouldn’t have done the same thing — they would have. It’s just that Apple was the successful one. It’s resolutely the fault of us as consumers, and it’s actively encouraged by the App Store. Apple wants developers to: Target the largest customer base, so they get 30% of the biggest potential income. That means selling at a low price, because most customers will only pay low prices, and all customers prefer low prices. This teaches customers that software’s average value is low. Build a universal app (iPhone and iPad versions, in the same package) to increase the attractiveness and convenience of owning multiple iOS devices. You’ll earn a “+” in your app’s buy-button on the Store. This teaches customers that supporting multiple devices isn’t something to pay extra for. Also include an Apple Watch version within the iPhone app. As above. Provide regular updates, at no cost; so much so that there’s no mechanism for paid upgrades at all. This teaches customers that they should expect free upgrades for life, no matter how little they paid for the software initially. Make exactly one sale of an app per person, ever, regardless of the number of devices they own, how often the app has been updated since they last used it, and so on. This also teaches customers that they’re entitled to come back to a free app at any point in the future, no matter how long ago they paid for it. Ideally, make exactly one sale of an app per family. This reinforces the commodification of software; it’s to be shared around. Sell only through their store, with their distribution mechanism, their product page design and user flow, and their 30% cut — which doesn’t provide for marketing or discovery of any kind beyond searchability, and the very small chance of being featured in some way. The majority of customers probably have no idea that the price they pay for an app is almost 43% higher than the amount the developer will receive, before tax (i.e. that Apple takes 30% off the top). There are consumer-focused reasons for a lot of those points, but consumer focus isn’t the reason for any of them. And in almost all cases, they’re also deeply hostile to the sustainability of a small business as a software developer. One measure of the value of a person’s creative output is what another person is willing to pay for it. Low prices actively court those who place less value on work. That’s not an admonishment; it’s just a simple fact. And no, you can’t balance the price-point and the sales figures to achieve the same income: there are far, far more people who will only buy at $1 (or free, if you’re trying to sell in-app purchases). If you sell at $3 instead, your number of sales will go down by much more than the factor of three that you increased the price by. If your goal is just to make money temporarily (which is up to you), then the race to the bottom — with all its attendant risks, and its environmentally corrosive effect — is probably your best bet. You also need to acknowledge that you’ve marked your work as being essentially worthless, and that it’ll be discarded just as quickly. Your most vocal supporters will turn on you the minute you ask for more money (remember the extra levels for Monument Valley?). They simply won’t value you enough to even consider paying again, because you’ve already taught them that your work isn’t worth it. Has Apple created a huge market, in terms of potential customers? Absolutely. It’s just done so at the expense of its platform-invested developer community. Judging by the company’s value and income, it was a very wise move, and you can justify it on that basis if you choose. But don’t ignore the reality of the situation. Apple is not a benevolent entity; your human-centric partner in aesthetics and ethos. If that was ever true at all. The Mac App Store is a different place, of course, but then it’s also nigh-abandoned by Apple. If they chose to make a success of it, it would be by the same mechanism of devaluation to chase huge numbers of tiny, disposable purchases. For developers who target the Mac, the last segment of the glass-and-aluminium Cupertino hardware line-up to still have plausibly sustainable economics, there’s only one course of action: pray that Apple remains disinterested. Twitter Facebook Google+ Email My writing is supported by readers like you. Become a member for exclusive benefits. ← A few more words Copyright © 2017 Matt Gemmell About Books Twitter
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip, dollar strengthens after Fed statement Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed May 3, 2017 | 4:19pm EDT GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip, dollar strengthens after Fed statement * European and U.S. equities dip * Apple iPhone sales dip spurs consumer health worry * Fed holds interest rates, June eyed for hike (Adds close of U.S. markets, oil settlement prices) By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, May 3 World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales triggered some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened following the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The Fed, at the close of a two-day policy meeting, kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "The market is encouraged by the fact that the Fed sees the slowdown in Q1 as likely to be transitory," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. "It suggests that the trend of improving growth is likely still intact, and as a result it means that we’ll probably see a Fed rate hike in June and probably again in September." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc closed down 0.3 percent but was well off session lows after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second-quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. Payrolls processor ADP reported that U.S. private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 8.01 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,957.9, the S&P 500 lost 3.04 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,388.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55. Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.17 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2 percent chance of a rise of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index rose 0.35 percent, with the euro down 0.37 percent to $1.0887. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 7/32 in price to yield 2.3216 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury earlier on Wednesday said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices settled with modest gains in choppy trade but were off earlier highs after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude settled up 0.3 percent at $47.82 and Brent crude settled up 0.7 percent at $50.79 a barrel. (Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Bonds News UPDATE 5-Brazil pension reform clears hurdle, faces tough approval path BRASILIA, May 3 President Michel Temer's proposal to reform Brazil's costly social security system cleared a committee vote on Wednesday, but the measure, deeply unpopular with voters, faces an uphill battle in the full Congress. BRIEF-Republic of Panama says commencement of a global offering of its global bonds to be denominated in U.S. Dollars, due 2028 * Republic of Panama - commencement of a global offering of its global bonds to be denominated in U.S. Dollars, due 2028 MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums News All Draft Free Agency Team Info Roster Stats Schedule Transactions Upcoming Events Stats Standings Scoreboard Team Stats Player Stats Free Agency Draft Rankings Combine Senior Bowl Mock Muncher Fantasy Tickets Shop Join USA TODAY Sports Giants Draft Comparison: '17 class to '16 class Alex Evans Yesterday at 1:12 PM By most estimates the Giants addressed many of their most pressing needs, but it will be hard for their rookies to outperform last year's draft class. Most if not all jobs in sports emphasize the “what have you done for me lately” aspect of the business, and the NFL is a league in which it’s teams always look to what their front office personnel and coaching staff are doing to help improve the team at the present time.   Critics and analysts alike love to compare different draft classes by taking a look at how many players taken actually contributed to the team in their rookie seasons or took big steps towards doing just that in the future. Taking these criteria into account, it’s abundantly clear that the 2016 New York Giant draft class is and will be better than the 2017 class when all is said and done.  Of course, it’s easy to say this with the 2017 class yet to take a snap with the Giants, but it will be very hard for even the top two players selected last week to have as big of an impact as numerous players from the 2016 class had right away.  The Giants selected cornerback Eli Apple out of Ohio State with their first pick last season at No. 10, and he did not disappoint. The rookie started right away for Big Blue, and was able to tally 51 tackles, included 10 assisted, as well as an interception while shutting down big and fast receivers around the NFC and NFC East.    Time will time if Evan Engram will provide as much of an impact as Apple did last season, but with a team already loaded on the outside, he might lack the production to best Apple.  Speaking of weapons on the outside, Sterling Shepard was the next selection for the Giants, going at No. 40 in the second round, which turned out to be a steal for the Giants. Shepard proved to have the talent of a first-round pick in 2016, and the Giants have to be pleased that he fell to them later on.   In 2016, Shepard caught 65 passes for eight touchdowns and 683 yards. That’s only two touchdowns less than Odell Beckham Jr. 10, and Shepard was a valuable go-to option in the slot for Eli Manning when defenses were keyed in on Beckham.  With Victor Cruz coming off of an injury and Manning without a viable option at tight end to throw to, Shepard proved to be a worthwhile pick for sure.  Alabama defensive tackle Dalvin Tomlinson was selected in the second round just this past Friday, and, despite being a solid pick who should fill in nicely for Johnathan Hankins, will most likely not have quite the same impact on the Giants as Shepard did.  Hankins had 43 tackles and three sacks last season, and even if Tomlinson matches these numbers in 2017, he has the benefit of playing with Jason Pierre-Paul, Olivier Vernon and Damon Harrison, all players who could and would pick up the slack if he faltered. Shepard only had Beckham to rely on to pick up the slack, and without him, the Giants might have been absent from the postseason yet again.  The Giants selected Boise State safety Darian Thompson in the third round with the 71st overall pick, and it’s safe to say that they saw some promising things from the rookie.  Although he missed a majority of the season and preseason with foot and shoulder injuries, Thompson had won the starting spot alongside Landon Collins and was slated to have a solid rookie campaign patrolling the filed from hash to hash.  Again, his success is merely speculation at this point, but the fact that he was going to start for this team and did so in Week 2 gives him enough of an edge over Davis Webb, who the Giants selected at No. 87 in the third round.  Webb is nothing short of a project coming out of California and will undoubtedly sit out the next few years before taking over the reigns, if he’s good enough to still be around by then. The simple fact that Webb won’t be playing much for the first two or three years of his career at least is enough to give last year’s third round pick in Thompson the nod over this year’s pick.  Last but not least, perhaps the most telling sign that this year’s draft class isn’t even close to deserving the grade of last year’s class is the fact that Paul Perkins will be the feature back for the Giants come September.  The former UCLA tailback was a fifth round selection for the Giants at No. 149, and he gradually grew into the best running back on the team by the end of the year.  Perkins didn’t have a touchdown in 2016 but was still able to produce with a meager offensive line, rushing for 456 yards on 112 carries and catching 15 passes for 162 yards as well. He showed great quickness vision throughout the year, and is now the most likely candidate to win the starting job in training camp.  If the fact that their fifth round pick from 2016 isn’t enough to prove that this class will be better than this year’s, then taking a look at who the Giants picked in the fifth and even sixth rounds in 2017 should do the trick.  Big Blue is deep on the defensive line this year, making Youngstown State defensive end Avery Moss’s selection in the fifth round questionable. He has a tainted background off of the field and won’t see enough time to contribute as much as Perkins did his rookie season and will continue to do with the likes of Romeo Okwara, Owamagbe Odighizuwa and Kerry Wynn all ahead of him.  Things can change, of course, but even if Moss moves up the depth chart to a second-string player, Vernon was on the field for 93.7 percent of all defensive snaps last season, and Jason Pierre-Paul was around the same before his injury.  Moss won’t see enough of the field to yield a similar return to Perkins even if he turns out to be much better than expected.  After looking at a majority of draft picks for both 2016 and 2017, it’s fairly easy to see that Apple, Shepard and Perkins were all great picks and will be hard for the likes of an Engram, Tomlinson and a Webb to beat out.  With that being said, last season’s draftees obviously have a distinct advantage with having a full season’s body of work under them to analyze.  For all we know, the 2017 class could blow the 2016 class right out of the water, and I’m sure coaches, front office members and fans and wouldn’t mind that at   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout HD ONLY: BETTER GAMEDAY AT DKR PLANNED 3 Things We Learned from the Giants Draft Trask expected back to work next week Best Draft Picks of the NFC East Best and Worst Picks from the Giants draft Share & Embed Davis Webb Drafted by New York Giants Full Story The Giants Beat Top Stories Best Draft Picks of the NFC East The NFC East is going to be competitive, and with the new additions through the draft it's going to make for an exciting season. by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatYesterday at 1:23 PM Best and Worst Picks from the Giants draft The NFL draft was composed of great picks, decent picks, and bad picks. The New York Giants had their fair share of speculative choices, but they also had a few gems.  by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatTuesday at 5:24 AM 3 Things We Learned from the Giants Draft The Giants Beat reveals the three biggest takeaways from the Giants 2017 draft. by Sara Stanley The Giants BeatMonday at 9:01 PM Grading the Giants Draft: Avery Moss The small school product looks like make the roster during training camp. by Sara Stanley The Giants BeatMonday at 9:00 PM Grading the Giants Draft: Rounds 4-7 The New York Giants addressed multiple holes on offensive side of the ball in rounds 4-7. Acquiring Adam Bisnowaty, Avery Moss and Wayne Gallman. by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatMonday at 9:36 AM Adam Bisnowaty: 'I'm a nasty football player' The offensive lineman out of the University of Pittsburgh didn't mince words when describing his playing style. by Dean Roventini The Giants BeatMonday at 8:55 AM Grading the Giants Draft: Adam Bisnowaty The Giants Beat grades New York's sixth round selection out of the University of Pittsburgh. by David Blutstein The Giants BeatMonday at 8:46 AM Reese on drafting QB: Eli won't play forever He doesn't exactly have the keys to the franchise just yet, but rookie Davis Webb could be playing an integral role on the Giants if he develops in a couple years. by Dean Roventini The Giants BeatMonday at 7:51 AM Davis Webb: 'I don't know my role yet'The third round draft choice has a lot to prove before he can get comfortable in the QB room with Eli Manning. by Sara Eljouzi The Giants BeatMonday at 7:11 AM Scouting Report: Davis Webb The Giants Beat breaks down the quarterback who could eventually take over for Eli Manning once No. 10 retires. by David Blutstein The Giants BeatSunday at 8:00 AM Tomlinson's NFL journey 'full of adversity' The Giants second round pick had to overcome incredible odds just to make it to football's biggest stage. by Sara Stanley The Giants BeatSunday at 7:54 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Twitter Facebook RSS Navigate News Pages Building Central Oregon Business & Industry Business Profiles Central Oregon Economic Indicators Central Oregon RESET City Spotlights Editorial E-Headlines Healthcare Hot News Money & Investments Feature Section Spotlight on the Community Transportation Calendar Business Events Art and Community Events Workshops Business Tips Customer Service Development/Planning Financial Import-Export Internet Legal Marketing Networking Personnel Retailing Sales Trade Shows Advertising Distribution Rates & Editorial Calendar Businesses For Sale Resources Accomplished Under 40 Community Resources Local Chambers What Businesses Are Saying Women in Business Nomination Form View Complete Cascade Business News Online Central Oregon Nonprofit Organizations Archives Building Central Oregon-Archives Business & Industry-Archives Business Spotlight-Archives Editorial-Archives Feature Section-Archives Healthcare-Archives Hot News-Archives Money and Investments-Archives Spotlight on the Community-Archives Transportation-Archives E-Headlines-Archives Got News? About Us Subscriptions You are at:Home»Business Tips»Personnel»Empathy~ Greatest Creator of Energy Empathy~ Greatest Creator of Energy 0 By Ann Golden Egle MCC on May 3, 2017 Personnel Why is Angela Ahrendts, Apple Retail SVP, one of the highest paid and most sought after executives in the country? Holding the top female executive position at Apple, Ahrendts admits to not being a techie in any sense of the word. Still Apple CEO Tim Cook, worked diligently to steel her away from Burberry? Why? Ahrendts raised Burberry’s stock by a remarkable 300 percent during her final year as CEO. Yet it was not her retail prowess, but Ahrendts’ leadership skills that Cook was after. Specifically her ability to motivate people. In a recent interview with CBS Morning Show, Ahrendts says this about leadership: “Don’t over think it. Connect with people. Do what you say you’ll do. Be empathetic. Empathy is the greatest creator of energy.” When a person feels seen and heard by you they feel safe with you. Defensiveness and insecurity dissolve. Open discussions lead to creatively dreaming together. Great things result. Some leaders are naturally empathetic. They are rarely too busy to listen when they sense something is important. They remember every step of the ladder they took to reach where they are today and understand the value of those who currently occupy those positions. Other leaders I’ve worked with think ‘empathy’ is some emotional intelligence nonsense. They don’t see the need nor do they have time to develop this skill. Think empathy isn’t a vital leadership skill? Experts disagree. • Bestselling author Simon Sinek’s work with the Marine Corps led to his book Leaders Eat Last: Why Some Teams Pull Together and Others Don’t. Specifically he discusses understanding and prioritizing the well being of your people. Sinek’s TED Talk has been viewed 30 million times. • Success Magazine published: “Why the Empathetic Leader is the Best Leader” on March 15, 2017 citing the biology of feeling understood and recognized at work. • The Harvard Business Review will publish Empathy (HBR Emotional Intelligence Series) on May 9. Containing segments as: “Why Compassion Is a Better Managerial Tactic Than Toughness”, this book provides research showing how our emotions impact our work motivation, productivity and lives. Empathy, the ability to understand and share the feelings of another, is vital leadership skill. If you wonder where you rank on the empathetic leader scale, here are some traits of a highly empathetic leader. Ask yourself how you measure up. Empathetic Leaders: • Are good listeners. • Are nonjudgmental. • Ask more questions than provide advice. • Understand that we all have different emotions around thesame situation. • Take in the other entire person, not just their professional role. • Pay attention to what’s not being said during important conversations. • Know without words that an employee is struggling. • See when praise is not really heard out of fear or insecurity. Tim Cook, Angela Ahrendts, Simon Sinek, HBR, Success Magazine are a small number of top national leaders who see the need for increased empathy in business today. Do you? I challenge you to select one of my listed empathetic leadership skills and begin to strengthen that skill today. Master Executive & Leadership Coach Ann Golden Eglé, MCC, has steered highly-successful individuals to greater results since 1998. President of Golden Visions & Associates, LLC, Ann can be reached at 541-385-8887 or subscribe to her newsletter at www.GVAsuccess.com Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email About Author Ann Golden Egle MCC Master Executive & Leadership Coach Ann Golden Eglé, MCC, has steered highly-successful individuals to greater results since 1998. President of Golden Visions & Associates, LLC, Ann can be reached at 541-385-8887 or subscribe to her newsletter at www.GVAsuccess.com. Related Posts April 6, 2017 0 7 Reasons Not to Hire an Executive Coach March 2, 2017 0 Your Business Vision for 2027 January 18, 2017 0 Amp Up Your Leadership Skills for 2017 Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Most Read This Week posted on May 2, 2017 New Hotel Unveiled in Old Mill District posted on May 2, 2017 Leaders at Local Financial Institutions Weigh in on Banking Issues posted on April 27, 2017 Employment in Central Oregon at Historic Low Levels. Some Employers Struggling to Fit Jobs. Subscribe to our FREE E-News Headlines Tuesdays & Thursdays Email About CASCADE BUSINESS NEWS Cascade Business News, Central Oregon's business newspaper, is a local, family owned and operated by Pamela Hulse Andrews and Jeff Martin. CBN is published the first and third Wednesdays of each month. CBN is a division of Cascade Publications Inc. Recent Articles May 3, 2017 0 The Three Stages of Retirement Go-go, Slow-go & No-go May 3, 2017 0 Classical Music & Golf A Winning Combination Celebrating a 40th Anniversary May 3, 2017 0 AIReal Yoga Teacher Training Town & Country Copyright © 2014 Cascade Publications. Developed by Five Talent. Privacy Policy Sitemap
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Active participation of Pakistani Army in killings and mutilation: Government To crack down on loan defaulters, Govt clears new ordinance Govt admits Aadhaar data leak, critics cite ‘civil liberties’ An Islamic State Diary: ‘Pakistan like Iraq, history will repeat...’ An elopement, a murder, shadow of Hindu Vahini rattles UP village Home Business Companies Tonne of energy going into India, says Apple CEO Tonne of energy going into India, says Apple CEO Cook, who was in India last year, said he agreed that Apple was “underpenetrated” in the market. By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Published:May 4, 2017 2:08 am Apple CEO Tim Cook Apple chief executive officer (CEO) Tim Cook had on Tuesday reiterated that his company looked at India as a huge opportunity and that is why it was putting “so much energy” there. Answering questions in the second quarter earnings call, Cook said Apple had been investing quite a bit in India and have a “tonne of energy going into the country on a number of fronts”. Cook, who was in India last year, said he agreed that Apple was “underpenetrated” in the market. Apple, which earlier listed India among the markets where it was registering growth rates of over 20 per cent, said they had set a new March quarter record for India, where revenue grew in strong double digits. He said Apple continued to strengthen its local presence “across the entire ecosystem” and was “very optimistic” about its future in India which he called a “remarkable country” with its “very large, young, and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network infrastructure”. “Our growth rates are good, really good by most people’s expectations, maybe not mine as much. So, we’re putting a lot of energy in, just like we have in other geos that eventually wound up producing more and more. So I’m very excited about it.” Apple is expected to start local assembly or manufacture of some of its devices from India in the near future, though specifics are still not available. In early April, Apple inaugurated its first developer centre in Bengaluru with senior vice-president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller meeting local developers at the centre. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express Bilkis Bano gangrape case verdict: Bombay HC upholds life term for 11, rejects CBI plea for death penalty EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 6: Film beats Dangal lifetime collection, grosses over Rs 700 crore worldwide EntertainmentActor and comedian Sunil Grover brings back the 'comedy family', but not on The Kapil Sharma Show EntertainmentFawad Khan's intimate photoshoot with wife Sadaf will make you forget all that he has done onscreen so far EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna celebrates 'trophy husband' Akshay Kumar as he says 'I deserve this award' Must Read SportsIPL 2017, KKR v RPS: Giant Killer SportsIndo-Pak sporting ties freeze over SportsChampions Trophy pullout threat gains momentum TechnologyGoogle Docs phishing scam is spreading fast: Here's what you need to know TechnologyOppo F3 with dual front camera to launch in India today TechnologyGoogle Pixel, Pixel XL get Rs 13,000 cashback offer: Report LifestyleAre Baahubali saris the next big thing? Women flaunt jumbo prints of movie posters May 04: Latest News Lybia: Rocket kills three in eastern city of Benghazi, causes panic UFC creates fourth weight class for women, adding 125-pounders No cause for alarm about Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip after royal staff called to meeting: source Humans must leave Earth in 100 years to survive: Stephen Hawking Australian mother who killed eight children avoids charges                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies US Fed holds interest rates steady, downplays Q1 economic weakness Business Standard Wait for big upgrade dents iPhones sales Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year Alex Webb  May 4, 2017 Last Updated at 02:03 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVe01F ALSO READ Apple reports blockbuster quarter as iPhone sales top estimates Apple may start making iPhones in India over next two months Weak iPhone sales hit shares of Europe's Apple suppliers Apple to start making iPhone 6 and 6S models in India over next two months Apple gears up to make iPhones in India: All you need to know Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung Electronics Co.   Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year. Yet competitors released new high-end smartphones recently, putting pressure on Apple to deliver a device that’s advanced enough to entice existing users to upgrade and lure new customers.   Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.2 million units in the same period a year earlier, and less than the 51.4 million predicted in a Bloomberg survey of analysts.  "We’re seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases of iPhone, which we believe are due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said during a conference call with analysts. In the past, Apple changed the basic shape of the iPhone about every two years. The iPhone 7, unveiled in September, had similar form and features to its predecessor, extending the cycle to three years. That may have encouraged more customers to delay purchases.   Apple stock slipped almost 2 per cent in extended trading. The shares have jumped 27 per cent this year and closed at a record Tuesday on anticipation of an iPhone 8 launch in the fall for the 10th anniversary of the device. The company has tested a new type of screen, curved glass, stainless steel materials, new cameras and augmented-reality features.   "We agree with the market that a bet on shares of Apple is a bet on the company’s ability to transition from their existing iPhone platform to an augmented reality-driven platform in the future," said Gene Munster, co-founder of Loup Ventures and a former veteran Apple analyst.   Apple had $257 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter. The company said it will return more of that to shareholders, announcing $50 billion in new buybacks and a 63-cent dividend. Analysts had forecast 62 cents, up from the 57 cents paid in its 2016 fiscal year. The company had already announced $175 billion in repurchases, helping maintain the stock price in lulls between new products.   The Cupertino, California-based company also forecast $43.5 billion to $45.5 billion in revenue for the current quarter, below analysts’ estimates of $45.7 billion.             Read More On Iphones Sales | Iphone | Apple | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wait for big upgrade dents iPhones sales Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung Electronics Co.   Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year. Yet competitors released new high-end smartphones recently, putting pressure on Apple to deliver a device that’s advanced enough to entice existing users to upgrade and lure new customers.   Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.2 million units in the same period a year earlier, and less than the 51.4 million predicted in a Bloomberg survey of analysts.  "We’re seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases of iPhone, which we believe are due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said during a conference call with analysts. In the past, Apple changed the basic shape of the iPhone about every two years. The iPhone 7, unveiled in September, had similar form and features to its predecessor, extending the cycle to three years. That may have encouraged more customers to delay purchases.   Apple stock slipped almost 2 per cent in extended trading. The shares have jumped 27 per cent this year and closed at a record Tuesday on anticipation of an iPhone 8 launch in the fall for the 10th anniversary of the device. The company has tested a new type of screen, curved glass, stainless steel materials, new cameras and augmented-reality features.   "We agree with the market that a bet on shares of Apple is a bet on the company’s ability to transition from their existing iPhone platform to an augmented reality-driven platform in the future," said Gene Munster, co-founder of Loup Ventures and a former veteran Apple analyst.   Apple had $257 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter. The company said it will return more of that to shareholders, announcing $50 billion in new buybacks and a 63-cent dividend. Analysts had forecast 62 cents, up from the 57 cents paid in its 2016 fiscal year. The company had already announced $175 billion in repurchases, helping maintain the stock price in lulls between new products.   The Cupertino, California-based company also forecast $43.5 billion to $45.5 billion in revenue for the current quarter, below analysts’ estimates of $45.7 billion.             Alex Webb Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wait for big upgrade dents iPhones sales Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung Electronics Co.   Investor confidence has been mounting ahead of a major iPhone revamp due later this year. Yet competitors released new high-end smartphones recently, putting pressure on Apple to deliver a device that’s advanced enough to entice existing users to upgrade and lure new customers.   Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.2 million units in the same period a year earlier, and less than the 51.4 million predicted in a Bloomberg survey of analysts.  "We’re seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases of iPhone, which we believe are due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said during a conference call with analysts. In the past, Apple changed the basic shape of the iPhone about every two years. The iPhone 7, unveiled in September, had similar form and features to its predecessor, extending the cycle to three years. That may have encouraged more customers to delay purchases.   Apple stock slipped almost 2 per cent in extended trading. The shares have jumped 27 per cent this year and closed at a record Tuesday on anticipation of an iPhone 8 launch in the fall for the 10th anniversary of the device. The company has tested a new type of screen, curved glass, stainless steel materials, new cameras and augmented-reality features.   "We agree with the market that a bet on shares of Apple is a bet on the company’s ability to transition from their existing iPhone platform to an augmented reality-driven platform in the future," said Gene Munster, co-founder of Loup Ventures and a former veteran Apple analyst.   Apple had $257 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter. The company said it will return more of that to shareholders, announcing $50 billion in new buybacks and a 63-cent dividend. Analysts had forecast 62 cents, up from the 57 cents paid in its 2016 fiscal year. The company had already announced $175 billion in repurchases, helping maintain the stock price in lulls between new products.   The Cupertino, California-based company also forecast $43.5 billion to $45.5 billion in revenue for the current quarter, below analysts’ estimates of $45.7 billion.             Alex Webb Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Major Averages Close Mixed After Fed Leaves Rates Unchanged - U.S. Commentary 5/3/2017 4:19 PM ET After spending much of the day in negative territory, the major averages ended Wednesday's trading mixed following the Federal Reserve's monetary policy announcement. While the Dow managed to creep into positive territory, the Nasdaq pulled back off yesterday's record closing high. The Dow inched up 8.01 points or less than a tenth of a percent to 20,957.90, while the Nasdaq fell 22.82 points or 0.4 percent to 6,072.55 and the S&P 500 edged down 3.04 points or 0.1 percent to 2,388.13. The mixed close by the major averages came following the Federal Reserve's widely expected decision to leave interest rates unchanged. After a two-day meeting, the Fed said it decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at $0.75 to 1 percent. The accompanying statement said recent data indicates that the labor market has continued to strengthen even as growth in economic activity slowed. The Fed said it views the slowing in economic growth during the first quarter as likely to be transitory and called the near-term risks to the economic outlook roughly balanced. The central bank also reiterated that it expects economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant gradual increases in interest rates. Earlier in the day, some negative sentiment was generated in reaction to quarterly results from tech giant Apple (AAPL), which reported better than expected second quarter earnings but weaker than expected revenues and iPhone shipments. Apple also announced a 10.5 percent increase to its quarterly dividend and a $35 billion addition to its stock buyback program. On the economic front, payroll processor ADP released a report showing that private sector employment increased roughly in line with economist estimates in the month of April. ADP said private sector employment climbed by 177,000 jobs in April after surging up by a revised 255,000 in March. Economists had expected employment to increase by 175,000 jobs compared to the jump of 263,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month. A separate report from the Institute for Supply Management showed that activity in the service sector grew at a faster than expected rate in the month of April. The ISM said its non-manufacturing index rose to 57.5 in April from 55.2 in March, with a reading above 50 indicating growth in the service sector. Economists had expected the index to inch up to 55.8. Sector News Steel stocks showed a substantial move to the downside on the day, dragging the NYSE Arca Steel Index down by 3.2 percent. Allegheny Technologies (ATI), Ryerson (RYI), and Olympic Steel (ZEUS) turned in some of the steel sector's worst performances. Considerable weakness was also visible among telecom stocks, as reflected by the 3.1 percent slump by the NYSE Arca North American Telecom Index. The index tumbled to its lowest closing level in a month. Frontier Communications (FTR) fell sharply after reporting a wider than expected first quarter loss and cutting its quarterly dividend. Commercial real estate and chemical stocks also saw notable weakness on the day, while some strength emerged among banking stocks. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Wednesday, with several markets closed for holidays. China's Shanghai Composite Index fell by 0.3 percent, while Singapore's Straits Times Index advanced by 0.7 percent. The major European markets also turned mixed on the day. While the German DAX Index rose by 0.2 percent, the French CAC 40 Index edged down by 0.1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index dipped by 0.2 percent. In the bond market, treasuries close modestly lower following the Fed announcement. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, inched up by 1.3 basis points to 2.309 percent. Looking Ahead Economic news may attract some attention on Thursday, with traders likely to keep an eye on reports on weekly jobless claims, international trade, labor productivity and costs and factory orders. Nonetheless, trading activity may be somewhat subdued ahead of the release of more closely watched monthly jobs report on Friday. Facebook (FB), Kraft Heinz (KHC), MetLife (MET), Prudential (PRU), and Tesla (TSLA) are among the companies releasing their quarterly results after the close of today's trading. Dunkin Brands (DNKN), Kellogg (K), Royal Dutch Shell (RDS-A), and Viacom (VIAB) are also due to report their results before the start of trading on Thursday. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Hollywood's 10 Highest Paid Film Stars Gold Diggers Delight: The Richest Single People On Earth Giraffes On The Savannah: Africa's 10 Tallest Skyscrapers Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Household Debt Growth Weakens Australia's Economic Resilience, Says RBA's Lowe European Shares Seen Opening Higher As Macron Leads Polls Asian Markets Mostly Lower On Hawkish Fed Statement Gainers & Losers Of May 3: PIRS, MYGN, XENT, RXDX, SPPI... Anheuser-Busch To Buy Wicked Weed Craft Brewery Tesla Q1 Loss Widens - Update Facebook Q1 Profit Surges On Ad Revenues Eagles Suing Hotel California Telecom Italia Q1 Profit Down American Airlines Cutting Leg Room In Economy Class FBI Director Defends Decision On Clinton Investigation Ryan: Getting "Extremely Close" On Securing Votes For Obamacare Repeal Guinness Removes Fish Parts Brewing Process In Effort To Go Vegan HoMedics Massage Tool Recalled For Burn, Shock Risk Modest Weakness Remains Visible On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        86 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed The 10 Nations With The Best Healthcare Facebook Q1 Profit Surges On Ad Revenues Unfriendly Skies: American Cutting Legroom In Economy Volkswagen Group Q1 Pre-Tax Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY17 Revenue Growth Disney Launches Digital Network Time Warner Q1 Results Beat Estimates Chipotle: Buy One Get One Free For Teachers With ID WestJet To Buy Up To 20 Dreamliners For Long Routes From Canada Taco Bell Selling Naked Chicken Chips ConocoPhillips Turns To Profit In Q1, But Misses View Merck Q1 Results Beat Estimates; Raises 2017 Outlook Pfizer Q1 Profit Beats Estimates, Revenues Up 1% Excl. HIS; Reaffirms Guidance Monday Is D-Day For AEZS, Watch Out For MRUS, FDA Nod For RDUS & Takeda Expert Predicts PlayStation 5 In 2018 Loews Q1 Profit Surges AZN Gets FDA Nod, CORT Boosts Outlook Yet Again, SNSS Withdraws Vosaroxin MAA Gainers & Losers Of May 1: VTGN, VSTM, TOCA, NTRP, AEZS... Gainers & Losers Of May 2: MOH, RGLS, EYES, APHB, CMRX... Six Dead In Crane Collapse At Samsung Shipyard AAA Launches Car Sharing Program Seattle Home Prices Have Doubled In Five Years ConocoPhillips Turns To Profit In Q1, But Misses View Chipotle: Buy One Get One Free For Teachers With ID Jimmy Johns Serving $1 Subs Tuesday Scotts Miracle-Gro Reports Offer To Sell European & Australian Businesses Monday Is D-Day For AEZS, Watch Out For MRUS, FDA Nod For RDUS & Takeda Six Dead In Crane Collapse At Samsung Shipyard Jimmy Johns Serving $1 Subs Tuesday AIG's Share Repurchase Authorization Increased By $2.5 Bln; Declares Dividend Pfizer Q1 Profit Beats Estimates, Revenues Up 1% Excl. HIS; Reaffirms Guidance Aetna Posts Q1 Loss; Raises 2017 EPS View Becton, Dickinson and Company Reports 2% Rise In Q2 Bottom Line Smiths Group Closes Sale Of Smiths Interconnect's Microwave Telecoms Business Pfeiffer Vacuum Q1 Profit Up 65.6%; Sees Significantly Higher Sales In FY17 Valeant Announces Addl Debt Reduction Of About $220 Mln Report : UBS, BNP, RBS Receive Subpoenas In U.S. Treasuries Probe Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Qualcomm said to seek import ban on iPhones Qualcomm is reportedly seeking an import ban on iPhones Todd Haselton | @robotodd 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Regis Duvignau | Reuters Qualcomm is reportedly seeking to ban the import of iPhones into the United States, Bloomberg reported Wednesday, citing one source familiar with the matter. The news follows a decision by Apple last week in which the company said it would stop paying royalties to Qualcomm until an ongoing dispute over the payments is resolved. Qualcomm lowered its fiscal third-quarter guidance to a range of $4.8 billion to $5.6 billion, down from $5.3 billion to $6.1 billion, following Apple's decision. Apple originally sued Qualcomm in January charging that Qualcomm is charging royalties for "technologies they have nothing to do with." Qualcomm then countersued Apple last month, arguing that it wants to "enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm's agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple." Neither of the stocks moved much on the news. Both companies declined to comment. Watch: Apple cuts off Qualcomm show chapters Apple cuts off Qualcomm    Friday, 28 Apr 2017 | 11:09 AM ET | 03:04 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change QCOM --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Anticipation over 10th anniversary iPhone holds back Apple profits “Apple needs to make sure the next phone has that ‘wow’ factor,” Macquarie Securities analyst Ben Schachter said. The first two calendar quarters are often sluggish for Apple as customers await new versions of products. But unusual expectations for the 10th anniversary iPhones, due in September, may have worsened the slowdown.   (JOHN TAGGART / The New York Times File Photo)   By VINDU GOELThe New York Times Wed., May 3, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO—Apple’s iPhone business is sailing squarely into the doldrums between new models. The company said Tuesday that the number of iPhones sold globally fell 1 per cent in the first calendar quarter, compared with the same period a year ago, although revenue rose to $52.9 billion (U.S.) as more customers bought the supersized, more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. Apple’s net income per share rose more than 10 per cent, as a result of cost-cutting, higher prices and the company’s continuing program to buy back its stock. Read more: Star readers share their stories about Apple’s service: Roseman Article Continued Below The latest rumours about the new iPhone Apple posts quarterly upturn, but numbers show big iPhone dependence The first two calendar quarters are often sluggish for Apple as customers await new versions of products. But unusual expectations for the 10th anniversary iPhones, due in September, may have worsened the slowdown. “People are waiting to see what’s going on with the new iPhone,” said Ben Schachter, an analyst at Macquarie Securities. “Apple needs to make sure the next phone has that ‘wow’ factor.” That will be particularly important in China, the world’s largest smartphone market, where revenue fell 14 per cent in the three months that ended on April 1. The continuing poor results there dragged down brisk sales elsewhere, Apple executives said. “We gained market share in almost every country that we track,” Luca Maestri, Apple’s chief financial officer, said in an interview. Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, focused on several bright spots during a call with investors. Services grew 18 per cent to $7 billion, and Cook said that customers were paying for 165 million active subscription services from Apple and third parties. “Apple Watch sales nearly doubled year over year,” Cook said. “Our active installed base of iPhones grew by double digits.” Apple is awaiting the outcome of tax policy discussions in Washington. U.S. President Donald Trump has proposed a major cut in the corporate tax rate and has suggested he would favour a reduction in taxes for money that U.S. corporations hold abroad. The company had $257 billion in cash and marketable securities on its balance sheet as of April 1, and analysts estimated that about 90 per cent of it was stashed overseas. A tax cut would be “very, very beneficial,” Maestri said, but Trump’s plan remains vague and has not yet been introduced as legislation. “It’s very difficult for us to speculate at this point in time what might happen,” he said. Apple’s stock, which closed at a high of $147.51 on Tuesday, fell more than 2 per cent in after-hours trading once its results had been released. Apple raised the amount of money it was willing to commit to stock buybacks by $50 billion, and Maestri said that it would continue to buy despite the record price. “We really believe there is a lot of value in our stock,” he said. Apple, which is based in Cupertino, Calif., also raised its quarterly dividend by 10.5 per cent to 63 cents a share. Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research, said investors, too, are awaiting new iPhones. “What’s baked in the share price is a massive upgrade cycle,” he said. Read more about: Apple Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs This magical shrimp dish is done in 17 minutes: Ricardo Garlic, honey and sesame combine with tail-on shrimp to make for a delicious, spontaneous supper. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip, dollar strengthens after Fed statement Shares1 Thu, 4 May 2017-01:57am , Reuters World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales triggered some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened following the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The Fed, at the close of a two-day policy meeting, kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "The market is encouraged by the fact that the Fed sees the slowdown in Q1 as likely to be transitory," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. "It suggests that the trend of improving growth is likely still intact, and as a result it means that we'll probably see a Fed rate hike in June and probably again in September." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc closed down 0.3 percent but was well off session lows after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second-quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. Payrolls processor ADP reported that U.S. private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 8.01 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,957.9, the S&P 500 lost 3.04 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,388.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55. Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.17 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2 percent chance of a rise of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index rose 0.35 percent, with the euro down 0.37 percent to $1.0887. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 7/32 in price to yield 2.3216 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury earlier on Wednesday said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices settled with modest gains in choppy trade but were off earlier highs after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude settled up 0.3 percent at $47.82 and Brent crude settled up 0.7 percent at $50.79 a barrel. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Markets on a roll: Sensex soars 189 points on reforms, earnings boost Money Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Money Rupee opens lower by 9 paise against dollar Money India pitches for FDI in food processing industry Money Honda outpaces Bajaj Auto to become 2nd-largest bike maker in April Money V-Mart Q4 net profit at Rs 5 crore Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) WI lead by 183 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Sensex ends weak, US Fed rate call eyed Mahindras plan IPO or strategic sals in logistics arm in FY19 Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags Europe MSCI Thomson Reuters Washington Fed U. S. Treasury U. S. Federal Reserve S&P ADP Apple Inc CME CME FedWatch Commonwealth Foreign Exchange Dow Jones Industrial Average Nasdaq Composite Omer Esiner SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Algerians vote for new parliament in ballot marked by apathy Bilkis rape case: HC upholds life imprisonment to 12 convicts Maharashtra: One policeman dead, 12 injured in landmine blast by Naxals JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Sport FEATURE-Olympics-Vertically challenged NZ looks to newer snow sports Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Manzano makes CSL return as Guizhou manager Entertainment Ranbir Kapoor gets INSPIRED by Ranveer Singh's one night stand, here's how May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters observer music How an Apple Commercial Catapulted Marian Hill Into the Mainstream By Rob LeDonne • 05/03/17 4:26pm Marian Hill. Shervin Lainez “We did not make ‘Down’ with the intention that it would be this runaway single,” says Samantha Gongol about the song that has turned into exactly that. “If you were to tell us that it’d be in the Top 20 on radio we would have been like, ‘No way.’ It’s all been a crazy ride and fantastic surprise.” Gongol and her cohort Jeremy Lloyd, the duo that make up Marian Hill, are still processing the mainstream smash their single “Down” has become. Combining elements of jazz, pop, and electronic into their own unique musical blend, the single that first came out this time last year has suddenly become the breakout hit of 2017, catapulting Marian Hill onto the top of the charts. And oddly enough, it’s all thanks to an Apple commercial. Featuring the dancer Lil Buck, the black-and-white spot that premiered earlier this year showcases Buck shimmying down the street and up the sides of buildings, all to the tune of “Down” in its full, unadulterated glory. Giving the duo an extra boost of notoriety is the fact that their name, song, and album title is clearly seen within the ad’s first five seconds, an invaluable easy way for fans of the track to find it themselves. “We were pretty cautiously optimistic when we heard Apple chose ‘Down,’ ” notes Lloyd. “We have had songs in big commercials before and they’ve done decent things for us. For Apple, there were definitely people around us who were like, ‘This is going to be huge!’ But we’ve been around the block and just wanted to see how it played out.” The commercial, and song, quickly went viral upon its premiere and the duo soon found themselves on the top of the iTunes charts. Spotify and Shazam soon followed, cementing their breakout success. For the duo, the sudden success of “Down” is the result of years of groundwork with a variety of viral singles behind them, from the similarly jazzy “Got It” to the sultry “One Time,” all which feature their trademark sax. (The Observer first profiled Lloyd and Gogol as a South by Southwest Artist to Watch in 2015.) The irony of the piano-driven “Down” is that Lloyd initially tried to stay away from even using the instrument in the first place. “I thought using a piano was cheesy so much of the time,” he remembers of the song’s origins. “But we were at a studio at Republic [Records] one day and I happened to be noodling around on one. I just started playing the riff featured in ‘Down’ and was like, ‘Is this good?’ Sam thought it was great and we wound up writing the verses pretty quickly, trying to capture this very chill, spacious vibe.” The crescendo-chorus of the track soon followed. “Once we finished the verse, I had the idea that we should do a drop without a build,” remembers Lloyd. “I thought that the drums should just crash in out of nowhere around the piano. It was one of those rare moments when I knew exactly what it needed to sound like. Much more often I’m tinkering around, but I knew just what I wanted.” Initially released as a single in March 2016 from their debut album Act One, “Down” experienced respectable success in the interim before Apple came calling. “I think the reach this commercial has had has exceeded every expectation,” says Gongol. “That’s a credit to Apple, a credit to Lil Buck for dancing, and a little bit of credit to our song being dope.” Along the way, the duo, who are currently based in New York, has leaned on each other for support and guidance. “We talked a lot about our partnership early on, especially when we had all of these decisions to make,” Lloyd points out. “What manager should we go with? What label should we go with? Do we play this show or not? There are all these decisions that come up and we had a few moments thinking how it’d be crazy if it was just one of us. Having an equal partner is a huge asset.” With “Down” a global hit, they’re now angling to capitalize on their level-up in the mainstream music consciousness. “We’re trying to work as much on new music as we can, and it will come out when stuff is ready and it feels right,” Lloyd explains. “Right now, though…We’re just riding this wave.” Marian Hill kicks off its summer U.S. tour at Brooklyn Steel on May 22 SEE ALSO: 40 Years Later, The Clash Is Still the Only Band That Matters Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day Grilling Recipes 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest Jessica Biel's Cooking Disaster Will Make You Think Twice About What You Put in the Oven Miss Piggy Slams Gordon Ramsay Over 'MasterChef Junior' Kate Middleton Tries Her Hand at Farming David Beckham's Birthday 'Dinner of Choice' Was a Very Bizarre Assortment of Foods Amy Schumer Explains Why She Leaves Huge Tips Aziz Ansari's Biggest Food-Related Pet Peeve Revealed Ayesha Curry's Secrets to Healthy Eating and the 3 Things That Make Her Happy Lea Michele Says She's "Never Eaten Fast Food" and Won't Touch Soda or Candy The Two Foods Chrissy Teigen Won't Eat, No Matter What Beyoncé's Candid Restaurant Photo Becomes Epic Meme Home News Previous Anheuser-Busch InBev Just Bought Its 10th Craft Brewer Next How to Make Money Off Your Travel Photos How to Have Lunch With Tim Cook at the New Apple Park Latest Jessica Biel's Cooking Disaster Will Make You Think Twice About What You Put in the Oven Miss Piggy Slams Gordon Ramsay Over 'MasterChef Junior' Kate Middleton Tries Her Hand at Farming David Beckham's Birthday 'Dinner of Choice' Was a Very Bizarre Assortment of Foods Amy Schumer Explains Why She Leaves Huge Tips Aziz Ansari's Biggest Food-Related Pet Peeve Revealed Ayesha Curry's Secrets to Healthy Eating and the 3 Things That Make Her Happy Lea Michele Says She's "Never Eaten Fast Food" and Won't Touch Soda or Candy The Two Foods Chrissy Teigen Won't Eat, No Matter What Beyoncé's Candid Restaurant Photo Becomes Epic Meme David Paul Morris—Bloomberg/Getty Images By Don Reisinger Posted May 03, 2017 Yes you can, perhaps. Those interested in sharing a lunch with Apple AAPL CEO Tim Cook at the company’s new headquarters now have their chance. Fundraising service CharityBuzz is now accepting bids on auction to have lunch with Cook at Apple Park. The auction, which will run until 3 p.m. ET on May 16, will benefit the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights charity and carries an estimated value of $100,000. As of this writing, the auction has attracted nine bids. The current bid stands at $84,888. brightcove-video:5377671673001 Cook has been auctioning off time with the highest bidders on CharityBuzz since 2013. That year, Cook had coffee with the highest bidder, who donated $610,000 to meet with Cook. In total, Cook has raised nearly $2.2 million in CharityBuzz auctions. All of those proceeds have benefited Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights, which advocates for social justice to create “a more just and peaceful world.” This year’s auction might be a little more special, thanks to Apple Park. The new headquarters, which Apple employees will soon move into, is home to the spaceship-esque office building spanning 2.8 million square feet. Apple Park will also house a research-and-development center, fitness center for employees, and an auditorium called the Steve Jobs Theater. It’ll be lined by 9,000 trees and powered entirely by renewable energy. Cook will allow the bidder and a guest to join him for lunch. The cost of the meal in included in the bid price, and Cook will make about one hour available to the highest bidder. The winning bidder and guest will be subject to a security screening, and the lunch should be held before December 15. However, the CharityBuzz page says it might take up to a year to schedule the lunch, depending on Cook’s availability. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Previous Anheuser-Busch InBev Just Bought Its 10th Craft Brewer Next How to Make Money Off Your Travel Photos Sponsored Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Easter Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AppSwarm Announces Launch of Mobile Zombie Game ‘Dead Uncleansed’ in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store /EINPresswire.com/ — TULSA, OK–(Marketwired – May 3, 2017) – AppSwarm, Inc. (OTC PINK: SWRM), a company that focuses on the acquisition and development of application-based technologies, announces the launch of its Mobile Zombie Game ‚Dead Uncleansed’ in the Apple App Store as well as the Google Play Store. You can download and play the games here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yamyammobile.deaduncleansed&hl=en https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dead-uncleaned-tower-defense/id1230036350?ls=1&mt=8 Ron Brewer, CEO of AppSwarm commented, „We are very pleased about the launch of our exciting new mobile game ‚Dead Uncleansed. Not only will this game add to our already profitable operations, but it may also open the door for a series of new games under the Dead Uncleansed brand name.” Further, Ron stated, „According to Newzoo, Mobile Gaming is the most lucrative gaming segment with smartphone and tablet gaming growing 19% year on year reaching $46.1 billion, claiming 42% of the market. In 2020, mobile gaming will represent more than half of the total games market. The rapid growth of this opportunity will keep our company and developers moving as quickly as possible to maintain the ongoing release of new products.” Dead Uncleansed is a „Tower Defense” game set in a near future world where an evil dictator has manufactured and released a virus. The virus is turning the „infected” into evil zombies that are hell-bent on destruction and killing everything in their path. You possess the ability to place tactical units in their way as you battle from your town, across a seaport, through a forest and finally into a military base where an antidote is being worked on. There are 12 „ordinary” zombies and 4 boss zombies. Among the 12 ordinaries, there is a Zombie Assault Vehicle unit, which is capable of destroying existing towers. Each tower has 5 upgrades from level 1 to level 5. Each upgrade increases range, fire rate and damage to the towers. Players buy upgrades with gold coins, which may be obtained as in-app purchases to ease the upgrade process. A video demonstration of ‚Dead Uncleansed’ is now available at the new website here http://deaduncleansed.com Exclusive Publication Rights AppSwarm holds the exclusive worldwide distribution and publication rights to the mobile game „Dead Uncleansed” on the iOS and Android formats, and also holds the first right of refusal for publication of future games using this brand. This could, upon the successful launch of this first app, set the stage for an ongoing series of new follow up mobile games, potentially incorporating augmented technology, under the ‚Dead Uncleansed’ brand name. You can also follow ‚Dead Uncleansed’ on Facebook at http://facebook.com/DeadUncleansed/ Share Structure As of April 2017, the Company has roughly 50 million common shares issued and outstanding, and is traded under the ticker symbol „SWRM” About AppSwarm AppSwarm, Inc. is a technology development and incubation company focused on accelerating the development of mobile applications and technology, fast-tracking product to market. AppSwarm partners with application developers through joint ventures, royalty agreements, marketing partnerships, and outright purchase agreements.  For more information, visit us at www.app-swarm.com Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/AppSwarm or Twitter https://twitter.com/appswarm DISCLOSURES: „Safe Harbor” statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the impact of competitive products, product demand, market acceptance risks, fluctuations in operating results, political risk and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with OTCMarkets.com and as required to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks could cause SWRM’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the Company. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Penumbra, Inc. to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Health Care Conference Next PostNext Global Radio Frequency Filters Market 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Search Recent Posts Global Corporate LMS Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Metatron’s ($MRNJ) Secure Chat App Approved and Released on iTunes Hawthorne Global Aviation Services Acquires JetSun Aviaton Centre FBO in Sioux City, Iowa DL-Methionine Market: Impact of Existing and Emerging Flexible Market Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Irritable Bowel Disease (IBD) Patients Experience Invisible and Life-altering Burdens RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Wednesday, May 3, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Apple Services Ryan Christoffel: Services are a key component of modern Apple. The way the company defines itself, along with the numerous services shoutouts in quarterly earnings calls, prove that. Despite Apple’s increased focus on services, the common narrative that the company “can’t do services” still hangs around – in online tech circles at least. But is that narrative still true, or has it grown outdated? Going through the services he lists: iCloud Mail: I don’t use this. I can’t imagine ever making a new mail account on a domain I don’t control. I don’t want to be locked into a host. My impression is that iCloud Mail works OK for most people. Apple Notes: I use OmniFocus and BBEdit/Editorial instead. I don’t like that it locks the notes up in a database. Reading List: This seems to work fine, but I prefer Instapaper and Pocket. iCloud Calendar: This works better (with iOS) than Google Calendar. I had some data loss last year, but otherwise it’s been fine. [Update (2017-05-03): A few hours after writing this post, I changed an event’s date to this Sunday, but I got a notification e-mail saying I’d changed it to January 1, 1970 and deleted its title. The “View Event” link in the e-mail doesn’t work, and the event and all its monthly occurrences seem to have been completely deleted. It’s a good thing I had notifications enabled, or I wouldn’t know this had happened.] iCloud Storage: It’s just not very useful to me compared with Dropbox, and I’ve heard horror stories of files disappearing. Apple Photos: After the way Apple treated Aperture, there’s no way I’ll trust them with my photos again. Lightroom has been a good replacement. I have used Photos from time to time to order prints and books and spent several hours on the phone with Apple Support last fall when it was unable to actually place my order. (It still doesn’t work.) I miss the iPhoto interface and features, as does my wife, who wants to switch to a Web-based print service for our next photo book. I’ve heard syncing horror stories, but not recent ones. Apple Maps: I continue to find errors nearly every time I use it. Google Maps has more details and is easier to read. Apple Pay: This seems to work well, and all my main credit cards are supported now. However, it’s not yet widely supported enough that I can stop carrying all the cards. iTunes and TV: Apple TV has been unreliable for me—i.e. trouble playing videos—the last few years. The iOS TV app is a disaster. Apple Music: I don’t use it. Apple News: I don’t use it. iMessage: We continue to have problems with messages that it says were delivered not arriving, and my mother is unable to send iMessages with attached photos. Siri: When it works, it’s pretty good (if slow). Unfortunately, around half the time when I’m in the car—with seemingly plenty of cellular bars—it never even processes my utterance. Other apps/services have no trouble using the cell network from my car. App Store: The iOS App Store app has worked reliably for me, though I’m not very fond of the interface. The Mac App Store app has been buggy. App Store Apple Apple Maps Apple Music Apple News Apple Pay Apple Software Quality Apple TV Bug Calendar E-mail iCloud iCloud Photo Library iMessage iOS iOS 10 Mac Mac App Store macOS 10.12 Sierra Notes Photos.app Siri Syncing 3 Comments 3 Comments PH May 3, 2017 4:41 PM The article doesn't mention iWork and Reminders sync. Productivty apps are very important when we're considering wheter a service is very good or not. And since we're at it, the article also doesn't talk about Services support in platforms other iOS or OS X: iCloud.com is never mentioned when people talk about Apple Services. Also not mentioned is iTunes and iCloud on Windows, which are both supported by Apple, and both doesn't seem to be reliable, at least looking by complaints at the Oficial Apple Forums. The latest iTunes update, for example, where many Apple Music users have trouble connecting and playing songs, and where the community experts advice is to try to downgrade iTunes to an earlier version. Or about the non-existent Linux support (which google supports, mostly). David May 3, 2017 5:09 PM iCloud: Seriously need to do this for my personal stuff too. Apple Music: mostly works and better selection than Spotify. Plus, Spotify hangs everytime my Mac sleeps so I'm fed up with it. Photos: Mostly seems to work for us... though a bit terrifying. I've simply not spent the time to figure out a good alternative. Maybe dropbox? Justin Williams May 3, 2017 6:14 PM So when are you switching to Linux? Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Billboard Subscribe Subscribe now Newsletter Sign Up Charts Hot 100 Billboard 200 Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Latin Dance/Electronic Country Rock Trending 140 Emerging Artists Spotify + Web Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Sports International News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Dance Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Pret-a-Reporter Video Photos Business More Charts News Video Photos Business Hot 100 Billboard 200 BBMAs 2017 Festivals Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Artists This Former Label Head's T-Shirts Are Inspired By Kanye & Worn By Migos 5/3/2017 by Brad Wete FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Coachella Founder of Win Music Sean Glass poses backstage at the Coachella Stage during day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival (Weekend 1) at the Empire Polo Club on April 15, 2017 in Indio, Calif. Sean Glass’ West Hollywood apartment is a hub for creativity, filled with art, slogans and quotes to steer him toward ideation and execution. Above his kitchen entrance are the words “Ultralight Beam,” the opening track's title on Kanye West’s 2016 album The Life of Pablo. “To me, it means to try to make the best f--king thing in the world,” Glass explains. “Every day.” Images of Tom Ford, Kobe Bryant and LCD Soundsystem line the walls. “My whole apartment is strategically aligned for me to see things that inspire me and bring my thoughts to the places that I want," Glass says. The DJ and former Apple Music creative (and son of music mogul and Glassnote Records founder Daniel Glass) has a new endeavor that he’s going full-force with: clothing. Starting with t-shirts, Glass’ Small Difference line is out now online.  His tees, $45, feature custom screen-printed, handwritten statements that range from witty to poignant. The debut tee says, “Bc my life is dope and I do dope s--t,” taken from Dave Chappelle’s story about Kanye West on The Tonight Show.   Who's got nicer eyes? @stephmurone or @sdotglass #BcMyLifeIsDopeAndIDoDopeShit #SmallDifference A post shared by Small Difference (@smalldifference) on Apr 11, 2017 at 4:46pm PDT After spending weekend one in Indio, CA at Coachella, the designer talked to Billboard about how his dad influenced who he is today, the inspiration behind Small Difference, and why he wants to see you in a 5X tee.  What was your style like as a kid?  When I was a kid, I was always ashamed for dressing differently. I didn’t want to wear what other people were wearing. I didn’t want to wear things that codified me. Like, “I’ve got Alien Workshop…” I’m not a skater! Me wearing that felt really weird. But all of my friends were skaters. I was a baseball player. But if I didn’t wear it, I was ashamed and singled out. I couldn’t be one of the jocks because I thought they were all crude. And I couldn’t be one of the artsy kids because I thought they were all sad. I loved emo music, but I wasn’t that. I had these identity issues because there was no calling card for me.  To go forward a few years, it took a little bit of my personal success and recognition to dress the way I wanted to dress. And having a really cool girlfriend also. She was really quirky and weird. My ex-girlfriend was a great inspiration. Like, “I can dress weird, too. I don’t have to dress like my friends.” Clothing, more so than music, is the way that I tell people who I am.  You were known as more of a music guy, being the head of Win Music and working at Apple for a bit. What made you jump into fashion?  When I started wearing scrunchies in my hair, it became a thing. I was a totally functional thing; I started growing out my hair and I didn’t know what to do with it. All of these people would reach out to me for styling things and influencer marketing things. I’d say yes. This was when I was at Apple and working with Beats marketing.  Then I realized that I knew how to do the s--t better than other people. I was going to make a scrunchy line. I cared about sending a specific message. It had to be specific and identifiable as Small Difference. And it had to be really special to me, personal. I wanted to have those boxes checked and realized that I could do that with a t-shirt. I’ve worked at other companies before. I’ve started a record label. I’m going to learn this. I’ve always worked on building campaigns with artists and creators. I went on a trip to Cuba and came back January 7, 2017 convinced that I needed to do this.  Did you talk through your ideas with anyone?  Ian Rogers was the first person I had a real conversation about this with. He helped start Apple Music and left shortly after launch to work at LVMH to run Digital. It’s an incredible job. He’s crushed it. I love Ian. When I brought up my idea back when I was still at Apple and people were hitting me up to do influencer s--t and design collabs, I called Ian about the early version of this idea. The huge takeaway that I got from him was that “You’re not creating a scrunchy or a tee or a jacket; you’re inspiring individuality.” And that’s what the product is.  Small Difference sounds like it’s more than just clothing and wearable products.  Small Difference is two things: My creative expression. And it’s a collaborative platform for me. I get to go meet an artist and say, “Let’s do something together.” Maybe it'll be a merch' collection for a tour. Maybe it’ll be a music video or a short film. Maybe it’ll be a pop-up. I get to be creative with them. And that’s what Apple Connect was about. That was the team job for me. Larry [Jackson] and I could be like, “What do you want to do, Skrillex?” “What do you want to do, Frank Ocean?”  It was and still is amazing. And that’s what I’m doing now 00 going to artists and asking, “How can we blow your s--t up?” What’s really exciting to me is that I can do that through design and collaboration. What collaborations can fans look forward to in the near future?  I’m doing something with a feminist organization. I’m doing something with Emo Night. I’m doing something about heroin addiction awareness. I have a friend who is an addict that I take care of, so it’s a very close thing to me. It’s a campaign for a recovery clinic. This stuff allows me to tap into all of the different things that I care about.  One of my shirts says, “Have more period sex.” That’s with Flex, my friend’s tampon company that allows you to have sex with a Tampon in. I’m building campaigns that are super impactful for everyone associated. This will be a way to market their stuff. This isn’t charity. It’s my lifeblood, too. It feels really good for me to do it. Emo Night, I f--king love those guys. They’re the strongest independent event brand in the country.  You sound pretty amped about this. The best two times I’ve ever woken up in the morning excited to work is when Larry and I started at Apple; I was waking up at 5 a.m. every morning naturally. I couldn’t sleep any longer. I was so excited to wake up and work with Larry, Jimmy Iovine, and Trent Reznor. We were doing such cool s--t. The other time is now. I got back from Coachella last night and went right to Pomona to see Goldlink and Kaytranada, and then I woke up at 6 a.m. today. I feel sublimely fortunate that this is something that I get to do. I can make money on this and then use it to do more cool s--t. As soon as we have disposable income, we’re making films. Every dollar, I’m not going to keep a penny. I’ll be financing short films. Then I’ll be able to work with even more people.  What’s the concept behind naming the brand Small Difference?  Small Difference comes from a Freudian concept, The Narcissism of Small Differences, that I believe explains my creativity. All I want is to connect with people. The way it happens for me is by sending my signal of expression. Similar signals can be confused with mine, and I might miss my intended audience. I must distinguish myself as a dynamic individual if I hope to connect. Small Difference drives my creativity when there’s any chance that I’ll be confused with some else. It means I have to work harder when there’s a small difference. That concept is really me. Who are some of the people you look to for inspiration?  The only person I look at as a model is Kanye West. Everyone should do that. He’s is a person who spearheads connected creative thought. He goes, “Oh, I have this thing that I love to do. I have this skill set that’s really developed. Wait a second! That could apply to this vertical as well.” That’s what I took from Kanye. Kids don’t buy Kanye clothes because Kanye did them. They’re buying the clothes because they’re pushing culture forward. What about brands and designers who are more-so focused in clothing?  Gypsy Sport owner Rio Uribe. His designs are driven by culture. His clothes represent that. Kenzo. I love them because they create the best content. They get the coolest people to work on them. Their short films are amazing. I had no idea that Margaret Qualley could dance like that. Olivier Rousteing at Balmain. That’s the way I want to cast my models. He does a great job of that and building worlds. He takes a runway presentation and turns it into the “Wolves” video for Kanye. Instead of dropping it in a traditional way, he’s like “This is my new collection—the “Wolves” video. And it’s cast with all of these people who represent my brand.” Bravado’s Mat Vlasic. They’re got an amazing model that allows artists to go be creative. He’s got creatives in-house that can make those decisions, too. And Tom Ford. He’s a designer who decided he was going to do movies. A Single Man is one of my favorite movies of the last decade. Nocturnal Animal is magnificent. I loved Ford’s brand building at Gucci. Gucci Group became the biggest. Then he built a $1,000,000,000 brand in well under a decade. He’s done three unprecedented things. That’s insane. You gave Migos tees at Coachella and several other musicians like Goldlink have worn your stuff on stage. How important is it to get your shirts on the right people?  I think who wears my clothes is super important. It’s almost 50-50—design and product, versus who wears it and the casting of it. My first photo shoot was very specifically curated. I had a personal connection to everyone in it. they all do cool things and they’re all individuals.    Last night amazing @goldlink show honored to have everyone wearing @smalldifference shout @sunnybleed @unclesego @obiisay #BcMyLifeIsDopeAndIDoDopeShit #SmallDifference shout @loupeez @kaytranada too great sets! A post shared by Sean Glass (@sdotglass) on Apr 18, 2017 at 9:54am PDT Goldlink wore my shirt on stage last night. It was awesome. His song “Dance on Me” embodies all of my influences. I’m doing a pop-up collab with Jimi Tents, who’s a rapper from New York. What So Not is an incredible producer who wore my shirt at his concert. It’s really important, who I get to represent my brand. When Migos’ label reached out to us and said, "They want to wear your shirts when they come out at the Sahara tent for Coachella," it was a no-brainer. I want to speak to the audience that this person or act speaks to.  How frequently will you drop new shirts?  I’m going to do new ones every two to four weeks. Each is going to have its own content launch, an editorial campaign. The other one which I made specifically for Coachella, says “I’d rather be at a protest.” It’s meant to be a funny take on our state of affairs. Another one is “I Can’t Love You Like Kanye Loves Kanye Until You Love Yourself Like Kanye Loves Kanye.”  The Emo Night collab tee says, "In Space, No One Can Hear Screamo." The back says “Thank God We’re at Emo Night.” “Don’t Die” is for heroin recovery tee. And there’s one that says “White People Are Crazy.”  How did your dad Daniel Glass influence your business mindset as an adult?  You can’t come close to telling my story without talking about where I come from. My dad has always been this incredibly sobering influence on me. He’s like, “Go wait tables.” “Go get this experience you need to have.” It’s always been this really crazy contradiction where he’d -- for example - pull me out of school at 7 years old and put me on a plane to go to the Miami set of [1991 sequel] Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 with Vanilla Ice. But then he’d tell me to go study. I’d be like, “But Dad, which is it?” The coolest thing to note about my dad is that he’s been a legend for many years. When he was younger, he was an executive at Chrysalis Records. Then he ran EMI Records when I was very young. But it’s not until the last 10 years that he’s really come into his own. He started as an idle guy. Rising Tides become Universal Records. And now Glassnote is the coolest company ever.  He was really good at artist development and A&R. He was the best at it. He and Glassnote are successful because he got Mumford & Sons on the f--king radio. No one wanted a banjo on the radio and he did it. He figured out who his people are and what place he has in their lives. I love the example that my dad sets. And he’s a really good guy. He’s never burned a bridge. He does right by people. You can’t beat my dad’s relationships.  Your Small Difference models wear a 5XL size. Do you prefer the oversized look? I’m just trying to deconstruct how clothes should be. A medium isn't comfortable for me. Why the f--k should I wear that? The 5XL, I don’t even see it as oversized. I think it’s comfortable. I’m encouraging everyone to wear the 5X. You look better, you feel better. It’s a different way to wear a shirt. I am f--kin’ sticking with it. I’m excited to see how people wear it. I'm going to go with one size that fits all and make it 5XL. I thought if I were coming out of a cave and handed some garments, a needle and thread, and told to make something that covers my torso, this is what it would look like. A shirt like this feels amazing to dance in, to walk around and go about your day. The space gives you confidence and forms for any body type. There are so many ways to style it. Don't play soccer in this. But definitely DJ in it.  What's really exciting to me is I can launch with my own silhouette. At Coachella this weekend I could tell from a mile away when someone was wearing my shirt. And a lot of people were. Wearing one of my shirts isn't signaling yourself as a member of, for instance, the Rick Owens cult or the Skrillex OWSLA family, which are two of my favorite creatives. Wearing my shirt signals a first-principles approach. You forget what you were told before about clothes and built your identity from scratch in your own personal vision.  This is how I'm creating all of my products and designs. The shirts are the first of many decisions I've made with a first principles approach. I hope to continue to evolve the Small Difference silhouette and aesthetic. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
THU, MAY 04, 2017 | 5 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Canadian woman strangled in Belize: police Police investigate death of Canadian woman in Belize as homicide Latest News SEE MORE Bombay Sapphire gin recalled nationwide Woman dies after high-speech crash on QEW What are the odds? 2 caught trying to steal statistics exam Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 9 hours ago AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact Latest Business News SEE MORE Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent TSX pulled lower by metals and materials stocks Toronto real estate sales dip last month Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 1 hour ago Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Latest Sports News SEE MORE Vargas ties career high with 5 RBIs, Twins beat A's 7-4 Contreras, Szczur lead Cubs comeback over Phillies, 5-4 Judge's 13th homer helps Yanks rally past Blue Jays 8-6 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago Graham Rockingham’s Best Bets Ivory Hours, Life of Brian, Wilderness of Manitoba, Lunch at Allens, Missy... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Talk TV Getting out Niall Horan is happy being single Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 14 hours ago Canadian farmers on the losing end of European trade deal “Hope” has not proven to be a sound business practice Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 12 hours ago Acoustic accompaniment in Cambridge Legion plays an original song during Unbelievably Unplugged on Sunday... Latest Stories SEE MORE Renewable energy soaring: report Focused ultrasound could transform brain treatment Cambridge family reunited with dog lost for nine days in Huntsville Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 3 hours ago The Mother’s Day debate: Stay in or go out? Leslie Young is the California mom of four kids 9 and younger. For her,... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Love tips from the very first couple Stick a fork in it, the frork is done When a parrot is held hostage or cats go MIA, this pet detective is on the case Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Winter maintenance tips for a safer, more efficient home Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Give your hard-to-clean garments the VIP treatment Home News Business Apple’s cash pile is as big as the GDP of Finland... | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Apple’s cash pile is as big as the GDP of Finland and Jamaica, combined Apple John Taggart,New York Times Apple has accumulated $256.8 billion in cash. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Thomas Heath So much cash is raining on some U.S.-based corporations that they are at a loss on what to do with all the money. With the $256.8 billion sitting in its bank account, Apple could comfortably go out and buy Chevron, the second-largest U.S. oil company, at today's market price without borrowing a penny. The technology giant would still have $50 billion left to buy more than 770,000 Tesla model S electric cars or about four Gerald R. Ford class aircraft carriers. Then there's Microsoft. The Seattle-based software maker has the second-largest stash, at $126 billion, enough to buy a $100,000 home for 1.2 million Americans. And the blizzards of green are not limited to the tech sector. Legendary investor Warren Buffett will preside over his annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholder meeting this weekend in Omaha — known as "Woodstock for Capitalists" — while his company sits on $86 billion in cash. That's enough to pay for New York City's government operations for a year. The cash hoards are coming to the forefront as earnings season is heating up. U.S. companies are reporting mostly robust profits, and the stock market, especially technology shares, are ballooning. Some investors have cautioned that equities are frothy in light of the geopolitical risks such as North Korea and the political divide in the country. A big part of the reason behind the rich corporate caches is taxes — or unpaid taxes. Apple, Microsoft and many other U.S.-based international companies are sitting on well more than $2 trillion in cash from untaxed overseas profits, which could be brought back to the United States to be used for investment and dividends if lawmakers lower the U.S. corporate tax rate, which at 35 per cent is one of the highest in the world. "Apple is one of the best companies in the world, and a third of their value is sitting in vaults in Switzerland and Luxembourg and Dublin," said Timothy Loughran, a finance professor at the University of Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business. "Isn't that pathetic?" The Trump administration has promised to lower the corporate tax rate significantly. Economists and politicians on both sides of the aisle have said a lower corporate tax rate or a tax holiday that repatriates money from overseas will unleash hundreds of billions of dollars, if not trillions, in dividends and business investments in the U.S. "Companies have been accumulating cash over many years," said David Kass, a finance professor at the University of Maryland's Smith School of Business. "The perverse disincentives of our current corporate tax system are discouraging corporations from bringing back international profits to invest in the U.S." Apple chief executive Tim Cook, in an interview with The Washington Post last year, said federal and state taxes on Apple's cash reserves, the vast majority of which is overseas, is about 40 per cent. Many U.S.-based companies leave their earnings overseas rather than pay the U.S. rate. "We've said at 40 per cent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate," Cook said, adding that his company is the largest U.S. taxpayer. "There's no debate about it. It is the current tax law. It's not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. "We think it's fine for us to pay more, because right now we're paying nothing on that and we leave it over there," he said. "But we — like many, many other companies do — wait for the money to come back." If the corporate rate is reduced or a holiday is granted, Apple, Microsoft and others could pay a special dividend, buy back shares or both. They could also make acquisitions, although Apple has preferred to grow organically by inventing new products such as the iPhone and iPad and investing in itself. Apple earned $45.6 billion in profit in 2016 on revenue of $215 billion. On Tuesday, it reported second quarter profits of $11 billon on revenue of $52.9 billion and announced a 10.5 per cent increase in its dividend to $13.22 billion annually. Apple is now the biggest-paying dividend stock in the world. "What is going to happen when Apple has $1 trillion in cash?" said Loughran, pointing out that the iPhone 10 is due out this year. "It won't be that long. What are we going to do then? The way I think about it is the treasure of America sitting in a vault in Switzerland. We created $250 billion from profits and we are not using it. This is an obvious reform that is needed." Washington Post | Latest News Business Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent Snapshot Local Cambridge residents don’t want LRT through Preston Snapshot Crime Mobster Angelo Musitano was shot at close range in calculated hit: Detective Snapshot Local Still more children than seniors in the region — but not for long Waterloo will have to keep counting on university students to keep it young. The city has 540 fewer... Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Mobster Angelo Musitano shot dead in Waterdown driveway Police say no foul play in death of woman in Kitchener Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent Ontario high school teachers to get up to $3,000 in extra pay In Your Neighbourhood Today Trust RCT Bins for your business's weekly garbage service Kitchener’s RCT Bins understands how important garbage collection is for your business, and that’s... Renovations that make the most of your home while increasing value If you're looking to invest some money in your home that will likely get you a higher selling... How to protect your home from water damage Water damage to your home can be devastating, something that James W A Morris Insurance Group Inc.... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... Simply Greek: Waterloo’s newest, finest Greek restaurant Greek food has been brought deliciously to life at Simply Greek — Waterloo’s newest, and possibly... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Budget Windows & Doors Budget Windows & Doors in Kitchener can help you replace your old windows and doors with new, high... Lunch is served: Your Village Market now offers build-your-own sandwich bar Your Village Market in Cambridge is now offering fresh store-made sandwiches. This gem of a food... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Signs your vehicle needs a checkup Just as you make regular visits to the doctor, your vehicle needs to be checked over by a... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... Work because you want to, not because you have to Isn’t that the dream? Well, it’s totally possible and Jonathan Chevreau will show you how. CFO of... Tips to create the perfect orange citrus planter With the official first day of spring behind us, gardeners and DIY enthusiasts are gearing up for a... Central Automotive is a full-service auto shop and used car dealership Kitchener’s Central Automotive Service is known to be an outstanding full-service automotive repair... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... Preventative maintenance: The key to hassle-free driving Sheffield Automotive Services provides Sheffield-area motorists with expert automotive repair and... How to prepare your vehicle for the winter DM Service Centre in Waterloo knows the winters in Ontario are long and harsh — and they're not any... Garage sale gems to upgrade your apartment Decorating your rental apartment doesn't mean you need to buy designer trinkets or have a... Central Automotive now offers a tire repair service Central Automotive Service, located on Courtland Avenue East in Kitchener, is dedicated to getting... Automotive climate control: The key to driving comfort Morrison Automotive in Cambridge specializes in complete automotive repair services for all makes... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 42% off Ground Beef $35 View Deal AAA Rib Steaks Bone-In $93 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent TSX pulled lower by metals and materials stocks Sweden’s booming video game industry is more than just Minecraft Facebook to hire 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide PreviousNext Big summer shutdowns loom for U.S. auto plants as sales sputter ‘Fairly big decisions’ are forthcoming for Torstar, new CEO says The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Inside Apple Inc.'s iPhone Results Apple's iPhone business turned in uninspiring results, and weak performance in the Greater China region appears to be the culprit. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 3, 2017 at 3:22PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported selling 50.76 million iPhones in its most recent quarter, generating $33.25 billion in revenue from such sales. On a year-over-year basis, unit shipments were down 1%, but thanks to a richer mix of iPhone 7 Plus devices compared to iPhone 6s Plus devices in the prior cycle, increases in average selling price helped drive iPhone revenue during the quarter up 1%. Although it's obviously of some comfort that Apple's iPhone revenue grew, however modestly, rather than shrank, these results seem to reflect the relative lack of excitement for Apple's iPhone 7 generation of devices. Despite substantial technical improvements, the phones appear similar to prior-generation models -- a clear negative in a market where flashy aesthetics do count. Image source: Apple. Despite that, Apple management provided some interesting context around its iPhone business that I think is worth discussing. Channel-inventory dynamics On each of Apple's earnings calls, management discusses trends in channel-inventory dynamics for its major product lines, including the iPhone. This information is important because it allows investors to get a sense of the true underlying demand for a product. Remember that when Apple reports iPhone unit shipments, those aren't necessarily going directly to end customers; instead, they're being shipped into various distribution channels, and from there they are sold to end users. If channel inventory is reduced, it suggests that end demand for said products was greater than what Apple shipped. If channel inventory grows, it means end demand for a product was less than what Apple shipped. On the call, Apple CFO Luca Maestri reported a 1.2 million-unit reduction in iPhone channel inventory for the quarter. This, he said, compares to a 450,000-unit reduction in the same quarter a year ago. "So, our iPhone performance was slightly better than last year on a sell-through basis," Maestri said. More to the story than just channel dynamics Although the channel-inventory story should give Apple investors a bit more confidence in last quarter's iPhone performance (although, even with those dynamics factored in, iPhone is still on a "slow growth" path), management made some interesting commentary with respect to iPhone performance by geography. "We had very solid iPhone growth in four of our five operating segments, and experienced strong results in Western Europe, the Middle East, and our 'rest of Asia Pacific' segment, all areas of the world where iPhone sales were up double digits," Maestri said. Additionally, CEO Tim Cook said that "based on the latest data from [market research company] IDC, we gained market share in nearly every country we track." It's clear, though, that Apple is struggling in Greater China, where its revenues dropped 14% year over year -- and that's even as the company reported "strong double-digit revenue growth from both Mac and Services" in the region. Cook attributed the weakness to a couple of factors. First, he noted a 5% currency devaluation that proved "not an insignificant headwind." Next, he said that the company's results "continued to be weak in Hong Kong, which has been hit a bit harder as the tourism market continues to slump." And, finally, he noted that while the iPhone 7 Plus "did well" in the region, Apple's "previous-generation iPhones" underperformed. Cook said that he believes that the company's performance in Greater China "will improve a bit more during this current quarter," though he doesn't expect a return to growth. And, naturally, he reiterated his view that "there's an enormous opportunity" ahead of Apple in the region. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 3, 2017 at 3:22PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $146.80 down $0.71 (-0.48%) Read More Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Plus Is Driving Average Selling Prices Higher Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Does Apple Music Have a Millennial Problem? Apple Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Tuesday Apple, Inc. Has Sold More Than $5.1 Billion in Wearables Over the Past Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Inside Apple Inc.'s iPhone Results @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Has Sold More Than $5.1 Billion in Wearables Over the Past Year Wearables probably comprise about half of Other Products revenue. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) May 3, 2017 at 2:16PM When most people think of wearable technology, they think of products like smartwatches, fitness trackers, augmented/virtual reality headsets, or perhaps esoteric things like smart bras that tweet on social media. (Yes, that last one did actually exist briefly as part of a breast cancer awareness campaign.) I think most people would not immediately consider wireless headphones to be wearable technology, although that category does technically fit. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) decidedly does consider wireless headphones to be wearable technology. Image source: Apple. That's what he said On the January earnings call, CEO Tim Cook made a peculiar comment about how Apple defines wearables: "With AirPods off to a fantastic start, a strong full first year for Apple Watch, and Beats headphones offering a great wireless experience using the Apple-designed W1 chip, we now have a rich lineup of wearable products. Their design, elegance, and ease of use make us very excited about the huge growth potential for wearables going forward." At the time, it wasn't worth exploring too deeply, but Cook made a similar characterization of wearables on the earnings call last night, while providing some clues about wearables revenue: "In fact, when we combine Apple Watch, AirPods, and Beats headphones, our revenue from wearable products in the last four quarters was the size of a Fortune 500 company." For reference, No. 500 on the Fortune 500 is Burlington Stores, with $5.1 billion in revenue, so we know that Apple has sold at least that amount of Apple Watches and wireless headphones (including AirPods and wireless Beats products). When asked to provide more color on wearables as a category, Cook added some more context: When -- as some people are doing, when you begin to combine that -- combine the Watch revenues with the revenues for AirPods, this was the first -- as you know, this is the first full quarter of shipments for AirPods, but it's still very much in the ramping mode. And we're not coming close to satisfying the demand. And then add the Beats products that our -- a group of our customers really enjoy as well -- and look on the trailing 12 months. So this is not a forecast. That business was well into the Fortune 500. It's fair to say that AirPods revenue has been negligible if we look at the past four quarters. They launched in December after delays and with severe supply constraints, and remain significantly constrained; new online orders are quoted shipping times of six weeks. BeatsX were also delayed but are now readily available, while Powerbeats3 and Solo3 were launched on time in October. All of these newer Beats products feature the same Apple-designed W1 chip that powers AirPods, and it's unclear if Apple includes legacy wireless Beats products in its wearables category. Apple's Other Products segment, which includes AirPods and Beats, generated a total of $11.5 billion in sales on a trailing-12-month basis. That means wearables comprise at a minimum about 45% of Other Products revenue; it's probably more, but your guess is as good as mine as to what Cook's "well into" comment means. Based on Cook's statements from September, we also know that Apple Watch revenue in 2015 was somewhere between $2.5 billion and $4.5 billion. There should be little doubt that Apple Watch represents the majority of wearables revenue, but of course investors are still left to their own devices when trying to figure out how much. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 3, 2017 at 2:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $146.80 down $0.71 (-0.48%) Read More Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Plus Is Driving Average Selling Prices Higher Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Does Apple Music Have a Millennial Problem? Apple Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Tuesday Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc. Has Sold More Than $5.1 Billion in Wearables Over the Past Year @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Login All Reviews Editorials News iPhone 8 Renders Replace Home Button with Touch Bar Function Area Apple Will Launch $1 Billion Investment Fund for Advanced Manufacturing Apple Opens up App Store Referral Data to Developers Tips iOS: Assisted GPS and Why iPhone GPS Can't Be Perfect All the Time watchOS: Don't Automatically Install Apple Watch Apps Podcasts Dr. Mac on Procrastinating, Touch-Screen Macs, and Siri at Home - ACM 409 Apple's Q2 Earnings Report, Microsoft Surface Laptop - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-03 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception Meet the Man Who Wants to Use His Personal Tragedy to Screw Us All with Textalyzer Certain iPhone News Contributors Need to get Their Rumors and Facts Straight Facebook, By Its Very Design, Cannot Avert the Tragedies it Creates View All Editorials → Apple’s Q2 Earnings Report, Microsoft Surface Laptop – TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-03 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet May 3rd, 2017 1:30 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Apple reported some big numbers during its second quarter earnings report yesterday, and raised a few questions, too. Kelly Guimont and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet look share their reactions to Apple’s iPhone and iPad sales, plus they have some thoughts on Microsoft’s just announced Surface Laptop, too. MP3 Feed Feedback Apple's Q2 Earnings Report, Microsoft Surface Laptop - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-03 1:30 PM May. 3rd, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple reported some big numbers during its second quarter earnings report yesterday, and raised a few questions, too. Kelly Guimont and John Martellaro join Jeff... Sponsors The Away Carry-On is loaded with great travel features like smooth rolling wheels, internal compression, and a built-in battery to charge your smartphone. It also comes with a lifetime warranty and 100-day no-risk trial. Use coupon code TDO at the Away website to save $20 and get free U.S. shipping. Apple Reports $52.9B in Revenues, Expands Shareholder Capital Return to $300B Microsoft Launches a New Assault on Apple: Surface Laptop Wow, Microsoft Surface Laptop is $999 of Sexy Microsoft Surface in Schools Aims at Google in Education with Apple Caught in the Crossfire TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AAPL, iPad, iPhone, Microsoft, podcast, Q2, Surface Laptop Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) Bob LeVitus | May 3, 2017 Apple's Mac Revenue is Up Year-Over-Year, But it's Self-Deception John Martellaro | May 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $147.06 -0.45 (-0.31%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 16310 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1493818246 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
News Canada World Strange Maps Entertainment Celebrity Movies Music TV Fun Life You Home Food Love Money Parenting Travel How-To Style Fashion Beauty Decor Shopping Health Video More Write for Us Flyers Newsletter Bell Aliant FibreOP Bundles My Account Promotions Community One En Français Bell Mail Web Mail Outlook Mail Google Gmail En Français Email Search the Loop NEWS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE STYLE HEALTH VIDEO FLYERS BELL MAIL WEB MAIL OUTLOOK MAIL GOOGLE GMAIL Life Travel Here’s why New York City is desperate for Canadians to visit The Big Apple needs more bites. Lisa Felepchuk - May 3 Facebook Twitter Pinterest + Linkedin WhatsApp Email SHARE THIS Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin WhatsApp Email According to new data, fewer and fewer Canadians are looking to take a bite out of the Big Apple in 2017. It’s not like the Apple was covered in pesticides or anything… unless you consider the Trump presidency a toxic substance, which metaphorically speaking, may not be completely inaccurate. “We began to notice a change in consumer sentiment in February, right after the travel bans were first announced, and the issue really was about the uncertainty around how welcoming the United States was going to be going forward,” said Fred Dixon, the CEO of NYC & Company, which does destination marketing for New York City. Industry insiders are calling this dip in tourism the “Trump Slump.” Turns out, the President’s actions — like implementing a predominantly Muslim-country travel ban and hiking the tariff on Canadian-imported lumber — just don’t sit well with Canadians (and people all over the world, for that matter). Dixon noted that this is a “perception problem,” and that places like New York are still welcoming travellers for both business and pleasure with open arms. With nearly 61 million people visiting the country last year, which generated over $40 billion USD in spending, Dixon explained that tourism in the U.S. is a big industry. Canadian getaways to U.S. hotspots like New York, LA, Chicago and Miami have a serious impact on the country’s economy, and when people choose to book elsewhere, it hurts everyone. “The prediction is, at the moment, that the U.S. could fall by about three per cent of overall international arrivals this year,” said Dixon, noting that New York and its boroughs are estimated to see just a two per cent fall, which sounds insignificant, but actually equates to a loss of millions of dollars in tourism, annually. However, there’s never been a better time to visit New York. Sure, the exchange rate isn’t great, but new hotel properties in the city are offering deeply discounted introductory rates to help ease the discrepancy in the dollar. “You can actually find a room at any budget in all five boroughs,” explained Dixon. The 25th anniversary of Restaurant Week is also coming up this summer. Over 400 of the city’s top eateries will host menus at a fixed price, so visitors can try eating at places that might otherwise be out of budget. A two-for-one offer on Broadway tickets will also be reinstated this summer. Scarf down a delicious three-course meal and then watch Wicked? Maybe next year. Tags: new york city Trump video your morning COMMENTS Life Denette Wilford May 3 Marathon mom pushed two strollers and four kids for her entire race Just call her Supermom. Life Amber Dowling May 2 Six things you should do right now to make tax time less painful next year The struggle is real. Life Amber Dowling May 2 These YouTubers lost custody of their kids after their mean-spirited ‘pranks’ went viral ‘We put things on the internet that should not be there.’ Life May 1 Testosterone makes men less likely to realize when they’re wrong More confident, even when they’re wrong. Things To Do SPONSORED The best ski resorts for your non-winter adventures SPONSORED You never knew these foods could be made from mustard SPONSORED The ultimate guide to festival season 2017 SPONSORED Go snorkelling and seal watching in Forillon National Park SPONSORED Must-see natural attractions near Calgary Must Watch TV Ed Sheeran shared some spoilers about his ‘Game of Thrones’ cameo CELEBRITY Val Kilmer admits to ‘healing of cancer’ when asked point blank CELEBRITY Jaden Smith brought his hair as an accessory to the Met Gala CELEBRITY Ben Affleck has already moved on to someone new CELEBRITY Prince Harry reveals he’s officially ready to have kids CELEBRITY Whoa, Katy Perry looks exactly like Justin Bieber now… CELEBRITY Shia Labeouf is going into isolation at a remote Finnish cabin BellAliant.Net Choose your FibreOP Bundle Bundle the best. Best TV experience There's more to love with the #1 rated picture quality. Protect what matters most NextGen Home Security Cut the clutter Make the switch to paperless billing. What’s new with FibreOP Always something new with FibreOP. News Canada World Strange Maps Entertainment Celebrity Movies Music TV Fun Life You Home Food Love Money Parenting Travel How-To Style Fashion Beauty Decor Shopping Health More Weather Flyers Build Your Website Newsletter Contact Us About FAQ Feedback Advertise Write for Us Email Bell Mail Outlook Mail Gmail Follow Us Bell Aliant FibreOP Bundles My Account Promotions Community One Follow Us Back to top © 2017 All rights reserved Bell Media Lifestyle Specialty Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Recent Posts Constitutional Court declares votes ‘legal’, replaces one MP ‘Co-conspirator 3’ linked to Kuwait Federation Only few ‘chem’ fish perished: PAAAFR Muwaizri threatens to file more grilling motions soon MP criticizes govt for not condemning citizen’s murder Recent Comments Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Apple’s dilemma: What to do with $256 bn cash pile Tech giant resists the idea of bringing cash home CUPERTINO: An aerial view of the new Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California. — AFP WASHINGTON: It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering $256.8 billion, sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves. Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings-the vast majority held overseas-jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile. The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code-it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35 percent when repatriated. Proposals by President Donald Trump and lawmakers could lower the tax rate for repatriated earnings, an incentive for Apple and others to put the money to work in the United States. While any company would gladly be in Apple’s shoes with its cash hoard, “there’s something not quite healthy about it,” said Roger Kay, analyst with Endpoint Technologies Associates. “Normally, you would expect cash to fund investment opportunities, but obviously Apple doesn’t have any use for that much cash.” Apple has become the most valuable and profitable company of the current era. But the unique challenges it faces because its earnings come mostly from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated smartphone market. Long-term strategy     Apple faces periodic pressure to return more cash to shareholders with higher dividends and more share buybacks, and has already spent some $200 billion doing this. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy argued that returning all the cash to shareholders “doesn’t help further anyone’s strategic interests” and that Apple needs to find ways to diversify its business. One way to do this would be “going vertical,” or acquiring a chipmaker such as AMD to supply all Apple devices, Moorhead said. Netflix, he said, could complement Apple’s business by offering content for Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Moorhead said that if Apple-which has a permit to test its self-driving car system-is serious about autonomous vehicles “it would need to buy a car company” such as Tesla to ensure “the Apple experience.” Bob O’Donnell of Technalysis Research said Apple has a staggering amount of cash and “could make enormous entries and completely rewrite industries” with it. “The challenge is culturally and organizationally, how do you integrate something that big,” O’Donnell said. He said Apple has always sought to minutely manage details of its operations, “so making an enormous purchase goes against their culture.” The tax conundrum Apple’s situation has highlighted the growing stockpiles of cash held overseas by US multinationals, now estimated to be between $2.5 trillion and $3 trillion. Lisa De Simone, a Stanford University professor who specializes in international taxation, said the current code creates “incentives for companies to shift as much of their profits as they can offshore.” But De Simone said a temporary tax “holiday” as Washington tried in 2004 would only increase the incentives. “Companies like Apple have only increased their income shifting in expectation they could get another holiday later on,” she said, arguing for a permanent tax change. Georgetown University finance professor Lee Pinkowitz said companies with cash overseas are essentially holding the funds hostage to US policymakers. “The government already revealed in 2004 they were willing to negotiate with the hostage takers,” he said. “What you would expect is that more hostages will be taken.” The Trump administration is seeking to encourage firms to bring those earnings home for investment and job creation in the United States. But Pinkowitz said a major stimulus from repatriated assets is unlikely. With Apple, much of the funds are held nominally by its Irish subsidiary but are invested in US assets. “Apple has almost $50 billion in US Treasury and agency securities, so technically that $50 billion is already here. It just hasn’t been taxed.” Made in USA? Could Apple use some of the cash to bring large-scale manufacturing back to the United States? Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said this is unlikely because of Apple’s manufacturing and supply process. “We simply don’t have the work force to support this scale of manufacturing,” he said. “No tax break is going to offset that entirely.” But Kay said he sees potential for Apple to bring factories home if the conditions are right. “I could see a happy solution where contract manufacturers and Apple partner and train American workers to be as efficient as the Chinese,” he said. “It would take quite a bit to make it come true but it could bring down the myth that Chinese workers are more efficient.”–AFP This article was published on 03/05/2017 Most Read Kuwait Airways doubles Mumbai service to twice a day as market share increases Our precious sea Drinkers to be deported A Doctor's Smile Court upholds sentence awarding bedoon KD 100,000; Smokers fined 2nd May EPA to release test results on dead fish Step back for Sheikh Ahmad, Asia's sporting power broker Five injured in seven-car pileup 3rd May Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2017 RSS © 2017, ↑ Kuwait Times
Home Weather 62° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Apple iPhone sales slip on next-iPhone hype Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY , KHOU 1:52 PM. CDT May 03, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST LOS ANGELES — Apple shipped fewer iPhones than Wall Street expected in the first three months of the year, a surprise drop that dented its stock price. Shares fell 2% after hours. The stock (AAPL) is up 27% this year. What happened to iPhone sales? Apple CEO Tim Cook attributed the dip to media hype on the next model. It' was "due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Cook said in a call with analysts. The quarter is usually a lull before the big fall sales launch. That pattern didn't disappoint. The Cupertino, Calif. company said net income rose to $11 billion, or $2.10 a share, on $52.9 billion in sales, up nearly 5% — less than forecast. That's up from $10.5 billion, or $1.90 a share in the year-ago quarter, on $50.6 billion in sales. Analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence forecast $2.02 a share on sales of $53.02 billion. Sales of its best-selling iPhone fell 1% to 50.8 million, short of the 51.5 million iPhones expected by analyst firm CFRA Research. Its average selling price was higher, boosting revenue, thanks to demand for the iPhone 7 Plus.   Ipad sales fell to 8.9 million units, and Mac sales gained 4% to 4.2 million. It also made a big jump in the Services division, which includes iTunes, iCloud and Apple Music, bringing in $7 billion in revenue. Apple also raised its quarterly dividend to 10.5%, making it the biggest dividend payer in the world, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The holiday quarter is when Apple is expected to release a re-designed, souped up 10th anniversary version of the iPhone. Consumers either buy the new iPhone in the first six months of release, or wait for the next one. Today's Apple results are "a non-event,” says Gene Munster, an investor who runs the Loup Ventures firm in Minneapolis. “Clear sailing to iPhoneX.” Many analysts are referring to the next iPhone as either the iPhone 8, or the iPhoneX, reflecting the 10th anniversary edition. The first iPhone was released in June, 2007. Still, some analysts have suggested that Apple might have to delay the fall phone, or offer it in limited supply due to supply constraints. While the iPhone still dominates Apple’s sales, the growth is coming from its Services division, which already tops revenues from Apple's core Macintosh computer products. Credit Suisse says the division, which profits from the demise of DVDs and need to backup our data, could reach $52 billion annually from $26 billion today. Apple doesn't report sales figures for the Watch, which hasn't turned into an iPhone or iPad size hit, but Cook, while declining to offer specifics, said that if it factored in sales for the Watch, Apple's new AirPods and Beats headphones, sales would equal that of a Fortune 500 company. On the call with analysts, Cook talked about investing in India, which has emerged as the No. 3 market for Apple after the United States and China, and one he expects to grow even larger. "There's a huge opportunity for Apple there," he said. Sales fell in China, despite having 7 of the top 10 grossing Apple retail stores in the world based there. Cook cited the devaluation of currency by 5%, and weak performance in Hong Kong, which has seen a slump in tourism. "What I now believe is that we'll improve a bit more during this current quarter, not back to growth but improve -- but make more progress." © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS KHOU Live Web Desk Fatal accident shuts down I-45 at Cypresswood Wednesday morning forecast HPD: Father opens fire on home invasion suspects Deacon accused of child sex abuse Verify: Is Joanna Gaines leaving TV? Why aren't there tornado sirens in Houston? Warning about the 'Bass Pro Challenge' Family stuck in flooded truck meets hero who saved baby's life Shuttered hospital attracts vandals, thieves More Stories UT stabbing victim recovering at home in Katy May. 3, 2017, 5:22 p.m. Muslim city council candidate feels targeted online May. 3, 2017, 10:53 p.m. Father of man accused in racially-motivated attack… May. 3, 2017, 6:27 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Tim Cook goes all Donald Trump and blames press for iPhone sales slowdown Tim Cook goes all Donald Trump and blames press for iPhone sales slowdown by Chris Smith 13 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple CEO Tim Cook and US President Donald Trump are probably as far removed from each other on the political scale as its possible for two people to be. However, the big boss man in Cupertino appears to be learning a thing or two from the current incumbent of the Oval Office; namely blaming the media when things don’t go so well. In the conference call following Apple’s latest earnings report, Cook pinned a slight year-on-year slowing of iPhone sales on rumours and reports surrounding the iPhone 8. Related: iPhone 8 "We're seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases of the iPhone, which we believe is due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Cook said (via CNBC). "And so that part is clearly going on, and it could be what's behind the data. We are seeing that in full transparency. "However, if you look at iPhone outside of greater China, iPhone units grew very nicely. We had more upgraders in the first half than ever before. And we had more switchers than ever before. There is a lot of good news in there." While Cook's comments may bear out, and people are waiting for the iPhone 8, his words appear to do a great disservice millions of loyal iPhone customers around the world. The iPhone series has delivered exactly same design since the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in September 2014. Updates on the inside have been far less substantial than the annual boosts during the handset's early days. It’s little wonder even loyal customers are waiting to see what’s next before dropping hundreds on a brand new smartphone. Surely they can judge for themselves what merits an upgrade? Why wouldn't they hang on a few more months for the next major advancement, with or without the tech media's input. The suggestion the tech press should be accountable for slowing sales will also be greeted with raised eyebrows on many editorial desks around the world. Outlets like TrustedReviews and our contemporaries at other publications have traditionally built anticipation for major smartphone releases with months of build up and wall-to-wall coverage on launch days. Apple has benefited from this as much as anyone in the tech sector. We just hope there's no Apple spokespeople screaming "FAKE NEWS" the next time an Apple product gets an unfavourable review. Does Tim Cook have a point? Or is his assertion insulting to tech fans? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 7 (Latest Model) - 32GB, 128GB, 256GB FACTORY UNLOCKED All Colors $759.89 View Item Apple iPhone 7 128GB (PRODUCT) RED-Special Edition-USA Model-WARRANTY- BRAND NEW $724.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 (Latest Model) - 32GB, 128GB, 256GB FACTORY UNLOCKED All Colors $599.89 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Global stocks hold losses, dollar strengthens after Fed Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 3, 2017 | 4:21pm EDT Global stocks hold losses, dollar strengthens after Fed left right Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 1/4 left right A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as he passes the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo 2/4 left right Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote 3/4 left right People are seen in front of an electronic board showing stock prices outside a brokerage at a business district in Tokyo, Japan, January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon 4/4 By Chuck Mikolajczak | NEW YORK NEW YORK World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. "They were not explicit about a June rate hike but that’s the right approach," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June." U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement. Apple Inc (AAPL.O) was down 0.3 percent but pared earlier losses after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week. Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported. An earlier report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers. Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 22.27 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,927.62, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 7.38 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,383.79 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 35.50 points, or 0.58 percent, to 6,059.87. Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.32 percent. The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool. The dollar index .DXY rose 0.27 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.27 percent to $1.0898. Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 5/32 in price to yield 2.3144 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. Oil prices retreated from earlier highs in choppy trade after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut. U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 0.31 percent to $47.81 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $50.77, up 0.61 percent on the day. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Facebook shares dip from high as investors fret over costs, future profit Facebook Inc reported surging quarterly profit and revenue on Wednesday, helped by its fast-growing mobile ad business, but its shares dipped from a record high in after-hours trading as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. Tesla plugs older Model S as new buyers turn to Model 3 SAN FRANCISCO Electric-car maker Tesla Inc on Wednesday reported first-quarter revenue that more than doubled, and while saying the upcoming Model 3 was on schedule for July, it downplayed the mass-market vehicle to give a sales pitch for its more expensive Model S. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Jobs Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 4 min 3 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Iraqi forces open new front against Daesh in Mosul, commander says Real-life ‘Rocky’ gets his moment on-screen Real-life ‘Rocky’ gets his moment on-screen Not welcome: Japan tough to crack for refugees Trump to ease political restrictions against US religious groups US House votes Thursday on Obamacare repeal: officials Trump throws his hat into Mideast peace process ring Crown prince attends ‘Tufan 7’ exercise, graduation ceremony of Border Guard cadets Prince Mishal bin Abdulaziz passes away at 90 UNESCO forum in Riyadh focuses on youth participation You are here Home Business & Economy Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip Business & Economy Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip /node/1094016/business-economy Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip AFP | Published — Thursday 4 May 2017 A jet black iPhone 7, right, and an iPhone 6 are shown at an Apple Store in Chicago. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato) SAN FRANCISCO: Apple reported a rise in quarterly profits Tuesday but its shares took a hit from weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. Apple said its profit climbed 4.9 percent to slightly more than $11 billion on revenue rising 4.6 percent to $52.9 billion in the quarterly period that ended April 1. Shares of the California-based company were down nearly 2 percent to $144.94 in after-market trades that followed the release of the earnings figures. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in the earnings release. Still, iPhone sales dipped slightly compared with a year ago to 50.8 million units, below most forecasts for the key profit machine for Apple. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.” “That is clearly what is going on,” Cook said. Apple has annually unveiled new iPhone models during special events in September, with major innovations anticipated this year because it will mark the 10th anniversary of the debut of the world-changing mobile device. Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. Apple also announced that its board of directors authorized an additional $50 billion for dividends and buying back shares in the company, raising to $300 billion the total amount of cash to be spent in the program. While Apple has become the world’s most valuable company, analysts are looking at how the company is diversifying in the face of a saturated smartphone market and increasing competition. Tuesday’s report showed weaker sales of iPads and Mac computers. Apple also reported a 14 percent drop in revenues from a year earlier for “Greater China,” dropping the region behind Europe and the Americas in terms of sales. A strong US dollar facing off with weaker currencies were blamed for a strong “headwind” that pushed revenue down. Sales of Macintosh computers did well in China, with revenue up about 20 percent and the company’s retail shops were drawing crowds. “We continued to believe there is an enormous opportunity there,” Cook said of mainland China. “In the scheme of things, our business is pretty large there.” Apple is also investing heavily in India, the third-largest smartphone market in the world behind China and the US, according to Cook. Apple set a new March quarter revenue record in India, growing by double digits. “We are very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young and tech savvy population, fast-growing economy and improving 4G network infrastructure,” Cook said. Apple touted growth of revenue from online services or digital content, which it boasted was on its way to being on scale with a Fortune 100 company in terms of revenue. For the second quarter in a row, revenue reported from Apple services topped $7 billion. While not disclosing exact numbers, executives said Apple Watch sales double from the same quarter last year and touted it as the best-selling smartwatch in the world. Sales of “other products,” which include AirPods wireless earpieces and Apple Watch, posted a 31 percent increase in revenue over the prior year. Combining revenue from Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats headphone sales over the course of the last year would give Apple’s “wearables” offerings the scale of a Fortune 500 company, according to Cook. Apple’s cash holdings, meanwhile, rose to a record $256.8 billion, a figure that raises questions about how the company will manage its massive reserves. SAN FRANCISCO: Apple reported a rise in quarterly profits Tuesday but its shares took a hit from weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. Apple said its profit climbed 4.9 percent to slightly more than $11 billion on revenue rising 4.6 percent to $52.9 billion in the quarterly period that ended April 1. Shares of the California-based company were down nearly 2 percent to $144.94 in after-market trades that followed the release of the earnings figures. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in the earnings release. Still, iPhone sales dipped slightly compared with a year ago to 50.8 million units, below most forecasts for the key profit machine for Apple. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.” “That is clearly what is going on,” Cook said. Apple has annually unveiled new iPhone models during special events in September, with major innovations anticipated this year because it will mark the 10th anniversary of the debut of the world-changing mobile device. Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. Apple also announced that its board of directors authorized an additional $50 billion for dividends and buying back shares in the company, raising to $300 billion the total amount of cash to be spent in the program. While Apple has become the world’s most valuable company, analysts are looking at how the company is diversifying in the face of a saturated smartphone market and increasing competition. Tuesday’s report showed weaker sales of iPads and Mac computers. Apple also reported a 14 percent drop in revenues from a year earlier for “Greater China,” dropping the region behind Europe and the Americas in terms of sales. A strong US dollar facing off with weaker currencies were blamed for a strong “headwind” that pushed revenue down. Sales of Macintosh computers did well in China, with revenue up about 20 percent and the company’s retail shops were drawing crowds. “We continued to believe there is an enormous opportunity there,” Cook said of mainland China. “In the scheme of things, our business is pretty large there.” Apple is also investing heavily in India, the third-largest smartphone market in the world behind China and the US, according to Cook. Apple set a new March quarter revenue record in India, growing by double digits. “We are very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young and tech savvy population, fast-growing economy and improving 4G network infrastructure,” Cook said. Apple touted growth of revenue from online services or digital content, which it boasted was on its way to being on scale with a Fortune 100 company in terms of revenue. For the second quarter in a row, revenue reported from Apple services topped $7 billion. While not disclosing exact numbers, executives said Apple Watch sales double from the same quarter last year and touted it as the best-selling smartwatch in the world. Sales of “other products,” which include AirPods wireless earpieces and Apple Watch, posted a 31 percent increase in revenue over the prior year. Combining revenue from Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats headphone sales over the course of the last year would give Apple’s “wearables” offerings the scale of a Fortune 500 company, according to Cook. Apple’s cash holdings, meanwhile, rose to a record $256.8 billion, a figure that raises questions about how the company will manage its massive reserves. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Oil dips on small US crude stock drop NEW YORK: Oil prices edged lower on Wednesday after US government data showed a smaller-than-... Tadawul edges down 0.6% DUBAI: The Tadawul All Share Index (TASI) fell 0.6 percent in modest trading on Wednesday.Advanced... Euro zone economy outperforms US Rising US oil production knocks OPEC off course Made-in-China passenger jet set to take wing German unemployment holds at historic lows Load more Xpress Money launches initiative for OFWs to help abandoned children Surge in smartphone usage likely during Ramadan Copa, Turkish Airlines ink codeshare deal Huawei’s GCI reveals digital divide widened between nations in last 3 years World’s largest ICONS Coffee Couture to open in Dammam OSN and WWE announce new weekly Arabic show ‘Wal3ooha’ Latest News Iraqi forces open new front against Daesh in Mosul, commander says Real-life ‘Rocky’ gets his moment on-screen 9 views Not welcome: Japan tough to crack for refugees 111 views Trump to ease political restrictions against US religious groups 194 views US House votes Thursday on Obamacare repeal: officials 134 views WhatsApp back online after global outage of ‘a few hours’ 701 views Opinion — Frank Kane — IMF upbeat on Mideast, but crucial issues loom on horizon — Talmiz Ahmad — Erdogan’s engagement with India — Ray Hanania — Arab American journalists under siege — Yossi Mekelberg — Netanyahu is breaking the truth — Mark Roe — Has France really rejected populism? — Dr. Amal Mudallali — Preemptive hate and the Arab-American relationship More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared WhatsApp is down and users are distraught 6545 views Prince Mishal bin Abdulaziz passes away at 90 3646 views Boko Haram slit 6 fishermen’s throats after leader Shekau gets ‘injured in airstrike’ 2809 views Made-in-China passenger jet set to take wing 2134 views Indian village bans women from using mobile phones 1370 views Poll shows sharp divisions among Arab youth over education, employment 1134 views Most Read Shared 46 suspects linked to Madinah bombing arrested 17814 views Indian Muslim bride divorces ‘greedy groom’ minutes after marriage ceremony 14912 views Saudi Arabia sets out 10 more programs to achieve Vision 2030 12577 views Saudi entertainment chief sees cinemas returning, eventually 10572 views Singapore airport group wins bid to operate Jeddah’s new King Abdulaziz Airport 10172 views India mob kills two Muslim men over suspected cow theft 9664 views Most Read Shared One person burns to death after horrific oil tanker accident on Makkah-Jeddah highway 56386 views Saudi Royal decree announces new appointments, restores benefits to government employees 51569 views Saudi green card is ‘for investors and scientifically skilled’ 49804 views Indonesian Qur’an reciter dies live on-air 39523 views Indian singer slammed online for saying Muslim Adhan is ‘forced religiousness’ 38131 views School closures announced as sandstorms expected to continue till Thursday 37773 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Press Esc to close Thursday 04 May 2017 News updated at 10:56 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    State govt caps prices of blood units in govt, private hospitals      Apple registers big growth in India: CEO      Pak denial of beheading of soldiers not credible: Jaitley      Congress-led opposition to contest elections for President, Vice President      India to ask UK to extradite Mallya during Home Secy-level talks      Court ignored Maran brothers' role in money laundering: ED      RPS put KKR in to bat at Eden Gardens      RPS put KKR in to bat at Eden Gardens      BJP leaders vent unease over Yogi outfit's 'dominance'      Aizawl threaten 'fast unto death' if denied entry in top tier      Brahmos with extended range tested successfully      Abhishek Bachchan's pic on admit card for govt recruitment      UP ATS arrests suspected ISI agent from Faizabad      PM to review agriculture welfare programmes, farmer indebtedness on Friday      Kerala MLA to tie the knot with woman IAS officer      Brides refuse to marry drunkards in rural Bihar      China-Pak Economic Corridor hasn't affected our stand on Kashmir: China      Haryana looks to clerics to dispel 'impotency' myth after immunization drive      India sends back 50 Pakistani students      BJP MLC posts porn pics in WhatsApp group, apologises later      White House welcomes Infosys decision to hire 10,000 Americans      Vikas, Shiva in semis, among 4 to qualify for World Championships      Expansion of BJP in mind, govt seeks state-wise progress data      Sufficient evidence to show Pak army regular mutilated Indian soldiers: India      Couple forced to join TMC, case of revenge politics: BJP      SP family feud intensifies, Shivpal gives ultimatum to Akhilesh      PM Modi offers prayers at Kedarnath as shrine opens for devotees      Centre denies I-T exemption to VTU with retrospective effect      Mandeep's hat-trick hands India 4-3 win over Japan      SC upholds death penalty for man who raped and murdered 4-year-old girl      Mamata Banerjee comes to Kajol's support      Injury rules Sreejesh out of Sultan Azlan Shah Cup      SC says no to plea for hauling up police for incidents of cow vigilantism      Anyone dumping e-waste near Ramganga to pay Rs 1L EC: NGT      Kejriwal, Vishwas mend fences as AAP crisis blows over      Will move SC if BCCI decision hurts Indian cricket: COA      Minor detained in Pehlu Khan lynching case      Police launch massive search op in Pathankot for suspicious men      Jet airways launches flights connecting Chennai-Paris, Bengaluru-Amsterdam      Blood trails prove killers returned to Pakistan after killing soldiers near LoC      ED arrests director in bank loan PMLA case      SC orders examination of poor woman for termination of her 26 week pregnancy      Triple talaq: SC allows Khurshid to assist as amicus curiae      A rail bridge taller than the Eiffel Tower over the Chenab      IT commissioner arrested on graft charges      Pak to work with India, Afghan on water management      Powerful IS-claimed blast targets NATO convoy in Kabul      Rescued trafficked girls wait for return even after 4 years      Kejriwal meets Vishwas, rift unresolved in AAP      Army opens speculative fire along LoC      Apple: 'Underpenetrated' in India but optimistic about future      Sensex ends weak, US Fed rate call eyed      Trump committed to resolving Israel, Palestine conflict: Pence      State defends in SC its law granting protection to Gau Rakshaks      SC refuses bail to 12 convicts in church blast cases of 2000      Tata Teleservices fires 600 workers     Next Story ICICI Bank Q4 net up at Rs 2,025 cr Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Apple registers big growth in India: CEO Apple registers big growth in India: CEO N V Vijayakumar, Bengaluru, DH News Service, May 3 2017, 23:45 IST Tim Cook seeks stronger local presence Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook Bolstered by the double-digit growth during the first quarter in India, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook on Wednesday said the company is going ahead with its plan to strengthen its local presence across the country. “We continue to strengthen our local presence across the entire ecosystem, and we’re very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young, and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network infrastructure,” Cook said during the first quarter earning call. The California-based company said its revenue for the March quarter is $52.9 billion. “Our growth rates were even higher, over 20% in many other markets, including Brazil, Scandinavia, the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, India, Korea and Thailand,” he said. Even though Cook said he is not ready for the geographic specific forecast, he pointed out that Apple has began to give more information about India and investment game plan. “We have a tonne of energy going into the country on a number of fronts, and it is the third largest smartphone market in the world today behind China and the US,” he said. Cook also emphasised that the 4G network investment began rolling in in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year in India. “And so we believe, particularly now that the 4G infrastructure is going in the country, and is continuing to be expanded. And so that and the demographics of the country is why we’re putting so much energy there,” he said. While the revenue from services this quarter was $7.04 billion, which represents 18% growth year-over-year for the category, the company sold 50.8 million iPhones compared with 51.19 million in the same period last year, registering a degrowth of 1% in the same period a year ago. International sales accounted for 65% of the quarter’s revenue. Karnataka awaits formal announcement Even though Apple CEO announced about strengthening its local presence in the country, Karnataka government is awaiting for its formal announcement of the assembly unit. While Apple announced its hiring plans, its global supplier Wistron has already announced its decision to brace up for production in Bengaluru. According to a state government official, the Apple assembly plant’s operation is a matter of getting solid tax clearance. “The company is looking at the GST rollout so that it can reap maximum benefit. The first phase will be only an assembly unit, and will have limited investment,” said the official. “The second phase of Apple investment will bring sizeable investment along with its partner ecosystem. The state government is ready to give all requisite support for Apple to begin its operation,” added the official. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Infosys to hire 10,000 U.S. workers Africa cocoa producers losing to low global prices The $1 trillion budget deal Robots kill more jobs than China A snail tale: molluscs making money for Nigeria Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet Airbus profit dips on engine delays, price squeeze Energy prices rebalancing after OPEC accord: Qatar Cashless society getting closer, survey finds Videos more Japanese rider smashes record for continuous wheelie on a motorbike Three goals from Ronaldo put Real close to another Champions League final Kashmiri youth from border areas protest against Pakistan The Collector of Movie Memorabilia: Rajesh Kumar Singh's home is decorated with framed posters UN: 1.4 mn children acutely malnourished in Somalia this year Clinton: FBI chief and Russia cost her election Herd of tuskers damage standing crops It's a dog's life: purity the key for treasured S.Korean breed Watch: Police constable tries to run car over man after argument Pence: Trump "seriously considering" moving U.S. embassy to Jerusalem Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Don't politicise Triple Talaq: PM 2.Lack of spirituality one reason for farmer suicides: Sri Sri 3.Think tank ranks Karnataka most corrupt state, Himachal least 4.My finances have nothing to do with my husband's: Priyanka 5.Is India losing Kashmir? 1.Infy to hire 10k Americans 2.On a sandy trail... 3.A career in Science 4.Aadhaar mandatory to avoid fake PAN cards: Govt tells SC 5.Cabinet approves changes in pension benefits 1. Metro's North-South corridor will take 'at least 1 month' to open 2. Wipro unveils new brand identity; new logo 3. We have done total justice: Priyadarshan on National awards selection 4. Dithering ends: CM caps movie tickets at Rs 200 5. Fans furious after Hrithik-Madhuri Durban show gets cancelled Photo Gallery Girls dressed up in traditional Gaddi attire welcome BJP national president Amit Shah Seizure of 3000kgs of Doda husk People shout slogans and hold an effigy of Pakistan's army chief Lieutenant General Qamar Javed Bajw Mother feeds her child amid debris from Guwahati fire Police rescue a municipal worker in Patna PM Modi in Haridwar Dust Storm in New Delhi A boy fills drinking water in a container from a municipal tanker on a hot summer day in New Delhi Three KLO militants who were arrested with arms and ammunition during a search operation. Congress protest in Kolkata more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map May 4, 2017 12:08:42 AM PDT TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Next Article in Tech Buzz Apple May Be Prepping Siri for Smart Home Duty Print Email By John P. Mello Jr. May 3, 2017 10:31 AM PT Odds appear good that Apple will be joining Amazon and Google in the smart speaker competition with a Siri-powered device it plans to introduce at its World Wide Developers Conference next month, according to MacRumors, which cited a report by Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. The new home-AI product will have excellent acoustics with one woofer and seven tweeters, and the processing power of an iPhone 6, Kuo wrote. Its price tag likely will be higher than Amazon's Echo, which sells for US$179. Rumors of an Apple speaker have been floating around for some time: The Information reported that Apple was preparing an Echo competitor a year ago, and Bloomberg last September reported that Apple had begun testing a prototype of the device. The speaker may have a camera, which could be used for facial recognition. It likely will control other devices -- locks, lights, appliances, curtains and such -- by voice commands issued through Siri. Battle for the Home Entry into the smart speaker market makes sense for a company with smart home aspirations. "As the success of Echo and Google Home took off, everyone expected Apple to follow suit," said Brad Russell, a research analyst with Parks Associates. Battle lines are being drawn over who will have the dominant voice technology in the home. "Consumers have really responded to voice control, and the Echo has accelerated that," Russell told TechNewsWorld. "It's pretty much accepted now that voice is the interface of the future," he said. "It makes adoption of devices much more frictionless, because you don't have to learn a different user interface for every product." Apple already has a voice beachhead in the home with Apple TV. "What it doesn't have is a central standup device like Google or Amazon," observed Jonathan Collins, a research director for ABI Research. "Those devices have proven to be popular, and they provide a key focus and key introduction to the smart home," he told TechNewsWorld. Tough Competition The Apple speaker is likely to have great sound output, but sound won't be the only feature to justify the premium price the company likely will charge for the product. "It will probably be an important of part Apple HomeKit so they can link it to other smart home devices," said Kevin Krewell, a principal analyst with Tirias Research. "One of the uses of these smart speakers is for home automation control," he told TechNewsWorld. "This would be an opportunity for Apple to attach a voice-based device to HomeKit." However, Siri will find it difficult to challenge some of the players already entrenched in the market. "I don't see it as a great competitor to Google Home, which has a tie-in to Google's deep knowledge base," Krewell said. Amazon's Echo, with its Alexa voice assistant, also will pose strong competition, largely because of its growing partner network. "Alexa has led the way in third-party integration," said Ross Rubin, the principal analyst with Reticle Research. "It's very easy to pass on a request from Alexa to another product, and Amazon has been very aggressive in courting third-party devices," he told TechNewsWorld. Siri Lost First Advantage It's not unusual for Apple to wait for a market to develop before it moves in for the kill. It did that with the iPod, as well as with the smartphone and tablet computer. In the case of voice assistants, though, it failed to exploit its first-to-market advantage. "Apple's Siri was actually the first digital assistant to widely impact the market, but the company has leveraged the technology less than might be expected," observed Charles King, principal analyst at Pund-IT. "That left an opening for Amazon Alexa and Google Home," he told TechNewsWorld. "The larger question now is how well Apple can compete in a young but rapidly maturing market." However, Apple still has a lot to bring to the table, noted Parks' Russell. It has 120 HomeKit devices, and security has been one of the hallmarks of its approach to the smart home. "When you couple rising security concerns by consumers with Apple's well-known higher security standards, that will position them well in the market," he said. Also, in spite of the timing concerns, Apple's track record is hard to ignore. "Apple has a history of success when it enters settled markets and out-innovates other vendors," King said. "We'll see if the company can work some of it's old magic here." John P. Mello Jr. has been an ECT News Network reporter since 2003. His areas of focus include cybersecurity, IT issues, privacy, e-commerce, social media, artificial intelligence, big data and consumer electronics. He has written and edited for numerous publications, including the Boston Business Journal, the Boston Phoenix, Megapixel.Net and Government Security News. Email John. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Gadget Ogling: Google Embraces a Hardware Future Oct 12, 2016 Platform as a Platform Jul 20, 2016 Gadget Ogling: A Homier Google, Flicking Lamps, and Busy Earbuds May 27, 2016 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Parks Associates Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Tech Buzz What People Don't Get About Tesla The iPhone Model's Impending Obsolescence Apple May Be Getting Its Innovation Groove Back Why Is It OK to Abuse Customers? Apple May Transform Diabetes Care and Treatment: Report Why VR Is Failing Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by John P. Mello Jr. Study Finds Gender Bias in Open Source Community Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Uber Boss Practices Brinksmanship With Apple Microsoft's Timely Response to Shadow Brokers Threat Raises Questions Spam Czar Nabbed in Spain May Have Link to Election Tampering Hackers Blast Emergency Sirens in Dallas Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts If Google automatically blocks bad ads in Chrome, as rumored... Both users and legit advertisers will benefit. Many legitimate advertisers and publishers will be hurt. Other browsers will follow suit, and bad ads will be over. Google will gain an unfair competitive advantage. It will mean the beginning of the end of online advertising. I won't notice, as I'll keep using my current ad blocker. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Microsoft Aims to School Google With Education Onslaught New Deals Turn Twitter's Content Stream Into a River The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks Instagram Snaps Up Rivals' Users C Spire's Place Among Cable TV Challengers Apple Slashes App Store Affiliate Commissions Uber Boss Practices Brinksmanship With Apple Google Mulls Ways to Banish Bad Ads CRM Buyer Congress Probes United Airlines' Customer Mishandling Reasoning in CRM Marketing Firm Zeta Global Turns Heads With $140M Funding Round Then and Now Salesforce, QuintilesIMS Team to Push New Therapies to Market Healthgrades' CareChats Aims to Tear Down Doctor-Patient Wall Take Marketing Off Autopilot and Get Creative CPQ: Boost Selling Performance and Accuracy LinuxInsider Ultimate Edition Linux: Rough Road to a Nice Destination Study Finds Gender Bias in Open Source Community Red Hat Gives JBoss AMQ a Makeover Linux's Big Bang: One Kernel, Countless Distros Mobile Ubuntu Gamble to Fizzle Out in June New Strain of Linux Malware Could Get Serious A Window Into the Linux Desktop Moby, LinuxKit Kick Off New Docker Collaboration Phase TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Nintendo Drops New Portable on Market as Switch Sales Take Hold What People Don't Get About Tesla Duty Calls Popular Shooter Back to World War II Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Millions May Have Picked Up FalseGuide Malware at Google Play Store Our Sci-Fi Future: Silly vs. Terrifying The iPhone Model's Impending Obsolescence Facebook's Latest Moon Shot: I Think, Therefore I Type Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Report: Commercial Software Riddled With Open Source Code Flaws Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS Office Microsoft Shutters CodePlex, Will Migrate Projects to GitHub Computing Tiny Core: Small Footprint, Big Potential Microsoft's Timely Response to Shadow Brokers Threat Raises Questions Federal Agencies Turn to Software-Defined Data Storage Data Management Blockchain: CRM's Next Frontier Dun & Bradstreet Marketing Database Exposed Google Nabs Kaggle to Stay Ahead of Data Science Curve Emerging Tech Facebook Builds a VR Space, but Will Anyone Come? Google Spins VR Experiences on the Web Bixby Will Be Seen but Not Heard When Galaxy S8 Launches Exclusives CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Hardware Apple May Be Getting Its Innovation Groove Back Qualcomm Answers Apple's $1B Lawsuit, Files Counterclaims Microsoft's Project Scorpio Goes to Extremes Internet of Things Next Downturn Could Have Silver Lining for IoT What Do the Academy Awards, AWS and AI Have in Common? Online Trust Alliance Launches IoT Security Campaign IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Cleveland Murder Intensifies Scrutiny of Facebook Live Anbox Could Be the Android-to-Linux Tool Devs Have Been Waiting For SugarCRM Adds Enterprise Management to Mobile App Science Apple May Transform Diabetes Care and Treatment: Report Now World's Second-Wealthiest, Bezos Travels to Different Drumbeat Why Are Health Records So Valuable to Cybercriminals? Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz Why Is It OK to Abuse Customers? Why VR Is Failing Gadget Ogling: Samsung Swings, Plus Live 360 Cameras and Smart Tuners Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech #​{{::display_hashtag}} Tech #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Ease Of Use In The Small Contact Center {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} NICE ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Paul Chance When Apple released the first iPod in 2001, the product was a game changer. MP3s were already the music format of choice, but the iPod was the first powerful and accessible portable player that penetrated a general consumer audience. It was revolutionary in its simplicity: The layout was minimalist and the interface intuitive. It easily synced with desktop-based music storage programs, it was small and convenient, and it quickly became the essence of cool. Apple’s commitment to simple design has not wavered in the last decade and a half. As one tech consultant explained, “Apple is the only company I deal with where ease of use is more important than the product itself. Apple makes this a critical goal of its approach to creating anything for the market.” It strives to make products that are compelling for techies yet still accessible for senior citizens. As a result of this strategy, the MacBook, iPhone and iPad have all revolutionized consumer technology around the world. Ease Of Use For The Enterprise Apple’s team uses top-notch design and ease-of-use standards. An easy-to-use product or tool is natural and can be learned with minimal effort. It achieves its purpose with effectiveness, efficiency and satisfaction. In modern tech parlance, ease of use, or usability, is also linked closely with UX and UI. Ease of use can be elusive. There is no magic model, no obvious metric. A designer can only evaluate ease of use with research and user feedback, just as Apple did as it grew and developed its service offerings. Unfortunately, most organizations have fewer R&D resources than Apple, which Forbes ranks as the most powerful brand in the world. In the past, that limited access to R&D resources has constrained many companies’ access of the highest quality and easiest-to-use enterprise technology solutions. In the contact center environment, that has translated to instead relying on manual processes and spreadsheets that hinder growth and frustrate users. iStock The Argument For Usability Many small to mid-sized contact centers are balancing a complex patchwork of platforms and tools for their workforce management functions. In the long run, this type of “complexity drains efficiency and ultimately hobbles competitiveness,” explains Lynn Wu, a Wharton professor whose research specialties include IT productivity. Additionally, working with (and learning about) a clunky, complex system is frustrating and demoralizing. In customer service industries, in which attitude and friendliness have a clear impact on the bottom line, employees and the customers they engage with need fun, simple solutions. Some of the strongest evidence for the importance of usability comes from consumer research. Psychologists apply principles of human behavior and conduct studies to explore best practices in areas like visual processing patterns and memory capacity. Studies have found that every dollar spent on UX brings in between $2 and $100 dollars in return. That is reflected in the stock prices of companies that invest in design; they outperformed the S&P 500 index by 219 percent between 2004 and 2014, according to the Design Management Institute. Ease of use is not even limited to technology: The Arthritis Foundation has developed an Ease-of-Use Commendation Program that recognizes products usable by individuals suffering from arthritis. In the contact center, simplicity and ease of learning are pivotal. Clear and intuitive workforce management systems increase efficiency and improve employee morale. Employees can work faster and handle more customer interactions and back-office functions. What’s more, intuitive systems can lessen the amount of time spent on onboarding. Losing and replacing an agent can cost as much as $20,000, which includes income lost while employees are being trained and the lowered efficiency of peers who train and support them. An easy-to-use workforce management solution can lower that time, increasing the bottom line. The Path Forward To maintain a competitive edge in today’s marketplace, contact centers need to provide their employees with tools that improve efficiency, limit errors and increase satisfaction. New, flexible solutions can bring even those contact centers with fewer than 500 employees out of the Dark Ages by facilitating shift scheduling and staffing management. Agents and supervisors have access to schedules on any browser anytime, anywhere. It’s never been easier to avoid short staffing or overstaffing, freeing teams to ensure peak customer service around the clock. The best solutions are quickly realized, because cloud-based technology can be deployed within minutes rather than the months often required by on-premise solutions. New customers begin to use the solution immediately, without lengthy training. “Simple can be harder than complex,” Apple co-founder Steve Jobs famously said. “You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.” Ease of use can make the difference between failure and success in the contact center. It’s time for small and mid-sized organizations to offer their employees a usable solution that simplifies and streamlines planning and forecasting, for increased efficiency and profits. Paul Chance is a senior product marketing manager for NICE EVOLVE WFM, the leading software solution used by small and mid-sized contact centers to plan and manage the workforce anywhere from the cloud. For more information, visit www.nice.com/websites/evolvewfm. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close narrowly mixed after Fed keeps rates unchanged CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Rich clash with working class in new East Coast oyster war Carson wants to make housing available, just not too comfy Click to expand Replay Video Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Facebook will hire 3,000 more people over the next year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC's Leslie Picker reports that Puerto Rico has announced intent to trigger restructuring of the territory's debt to bondholders. CNBC Why does this Doritos bag play music? Doritos has teamed up with Marvel for a limited-edition Doritos bag that plays the soundtrack to 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' Plug headphones into the bag, hit play on the faux cassette player, and transport back to the '80s. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Markets ready for rate hikes CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Reuters1:30 Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC0:56 Why does this Doritos bag play music? CNN Money1:28 Apple too dependent on iPhone? Fox Business4:29 UK says it won't be paying $100 billion Brexit 'divorce bill' Veuer0:53 It'll cost you $10,000 to get a first-class suite on Japan's new luxury train Business Insider1:14 Hulu launches live TV streaming service Wochit Tech0:47 Box proves women are 'smoother' drivers BBC News2:31 Africa cocoa producers losing to low global prices Reuters1:41 Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Newsy1:02 Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers CNBC0:56 The best things to buy in May Money Talks News1:17 These counterfeit 'supernotes' almost tricked the Secret Service Science Channel1:35 Gander Mountain is closing a bunch of stores Veuer0:48 Interns at these companies are earning major cash Buzz601:14 The man who builds Lego for a living CNN Money1:55 UP NEXT Stocks ended mixed Wednesday after the Federal Reserve's latest monetary decision. Apple also knocked the Nasdaq from a record high. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 147.06 -0.45 -0.31% Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 111.62 -2.75 -2.40% Moody's Corporation MCO ▼ 118.65 -0.20 -0.17% AdChoices The Dow gained 8 points, recovering from earlier losses. The S&P 500 slipped 0.13 percent, with real estate leading eight sectors lower. The Nasdaq shed 0.37 percent. The Federal Reserve gave a positive assessment of the U.S. economy while keeping rates unchanged, as was widely expected. Fed's policymakers expressed some misgivings about the U.S. economy's growing just 0.7 percent in the first quarter but added they see the weakness as "transitive." The committee "continues to expect that, with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further, and inflation will stabilize around 2 percent over the medium term." In economic news, the U.S. private sector created 177,000 jobs last month, according to a report from ADP and Moody's Analytics. Economists polled by Reuters expected an addition of 175,000 jobs. The ADP and Moody's Analytics report is seen as a preview to the government's monthly jobs report, which will be released Friday. "It was pretty close to target," said Frederick. "But you have to remember that the ADP number tends to miss the boat. Last time it missed the official payroll number by its biggest margin since 2013." The final Markit services PMI reading for April hit 53.1 while the ISM non-manufacturing reading reached 57.5. Wall Street also focused on earnings, particularly those of tech giant Apple. The company reported a mixed quarter overall, with adjusted earnings per share topping analyst expectations while revenue fell just short. But Apple also said iPhone shipments totaled 50.8 million in the previous quarter, below the expected number of 52 million. Apple's stock declined about 1 percent in midday trade, knocking the Nasdaq composite off an all-time high. But Brian White, an analyst at Drexel Hamilton, said in a note he still likes Apple. "Looking forward, we believe investors will be focused on the iPhone 8 this fall, along with the company's raised capital distribution initiative, attractive valuation and potential new innovations. We continue to believe Apple remains among the most underappreciated stocks in the world," White said. The tech-heavy index traded about 0.5 percent lower after reaching all-time highs on an intraday and closing basis Tuesday. "The hiccup in Apple's numbers might have led to a slowdown in the Nasdaq and the tech sector overall," said Daniel Deming, managing director at KKM Financial. "The market seems like it's taking a breath as we get more earnings." This earnings season has been strong thus far, with more than 75 percent of companies beating profit estimates and about 70 percent topping sales forecasts as of Friday morning, according to data from The Earnings Scout. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS Bilkis Bano case: Bombay High Court rejects CBI's death plea Kerala not allowing maintenance of Mullaperiyar Dam: Tamil Nadu to Supreme Court View: Will BCCI deny Virat Kohli the opportunity of winning the next World Cup? Digvijaya Singh faces action for anti-Shivraj Vyapam drive: CBI China-based AIIB no rival, can co-finance infra projects: ADB President Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 12:32 PM | 04 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,031135.75 NIFTY 50 9,33017.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,186-286.00 USD/INR 64.220.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Buoyed by record growth, Apple invests ‘Ton of Energy’ in India By ET Bureau | May 04, 2017, 12.03 AM IST Post a Comment Apple, a late starter in India, has upped its game in the world’s fastest-growing smartphone market as markets such as China slow down. Company Summary NSE BSE Vivo Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES NEW DELHI: India shone brightly for Apple with a record revenue growth of more than 20% even as global iPhone sales fell marginally in the quarter ended March, with CEO Tim Cook pegging hopes on the country's galloping economy, young population and rapidly expanding 4G networks. Cook said the Cupertino, California-based company was investing a "ton of energy" on retail, manufacturing and R&D in the third-largest market for smartphones after China and the US. While the iPhone maker has a 2% share in India's smartphone market, it has 43% in the premium segment — phones priced Rs 30,000 and above — trailing leader Samsung Electronics, according to Counterpoint Technology Market Research. "We agree that we are underpenetrated there. Our growth rates are good, really good by most people's expectations, maybe not mine as much. So we're putting a lot of energy in, just like we have in other geos (geographies) that eventually wound up producing more and more," Cook told analysts on an earnings call early Wednesday. He said Apple had set a new March quarter record for India, where it strengthened its local presence. "We're very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy and improving 4G network infrastructure," Cook said. Chief financial officer Luca Maestri said the company achieved $52.9 billion in revenue for the quarter, up 4.6% on year. Growth exceeded 20% in India, the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe and Brazil. Net profit rose to $11.03 billion from $10.52 billion a year ago. Apple, a late starter in India, has upped its game in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market as markets such as China slow down. The company opened an app development centre in Bengaluru and a development centre for Apple Maps in Hyderabad with an investment of $25 million. The US giant is on the verge of assembling its iPhone SE on the outskirts of Bengaluru through Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron — which would be expanded eventually to all phones — and may set up its online store this year. Apple's challenge in India is price, with over 70% of phones sold costing less than $100. The iPhone maker is conscious about not lowering its average selling price, which was over $650, especially during falling sales, said analysts. The average selling price in India was $560 in the March quarter. About 6,80,000 to 7,00,000 iPhones were sold in the quarter ended March in India. "It sold 2.5 million iPhones in India in the year ended September 2016 — less than what some companies sell in a quarter — and is expected to sell 3.5 million this year," said Counterpoint. "Apple needs to keep in mind the growing middle-class segment that aspires for Apple but seeks value. Hence, older generation iPhones at lower prices help, and it can keep doing that. Additionally, possibly price adjustments due to cost saving because of planned India manufacturing can help lower prices," said Navkendar Singh, senior analyst at IDC India. The mid-segment — devices priced above $250 (Rs 16,000) — accounts for less than 20% of India's 300 million smartphone users and holds potential for Apple. "With mid-segment likely to grow in coming quarters, Apple can target this 50 million user base in the near term whose next purchase is likely to overlap with Apple's offering in India," said Tarun Pathak, associate director at Counterpoint. "How soon Apple bridges the affordability vs aspirational gap before other competitors like Oppo, Vivo, Gionee, Samsung and Oneplus start targeting their user base to upgrade will be the key." Cook said Apple is investing aggressively in India. "So we're bringing all the things that we brought to bear in other markets that we've eventually done well in and that's from channel to stores to our ecosystem and so forth," he said. The fast pace of 4G network rollouts and investments in India, which Cook said he had not seen in any other country in the world, provided a huge opportunity for Apple. The opportunity seems larger considering the "demographics of the country" which is why the company was putting so much energy there. Comments(0)Add Comments Buoyed by record growth, Apple invests ‘Ton of Energy’ in India To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Tim Cook defends globalisation in China speech 4G roll-out in India is fastest in world: Tim Cook Apple eyeing to tap India's huge potential: Tim Cook All CEOs must read Tim Cook and Kunal Bahl's letters to their employees Tim Cook calls for crackdown on fake news READ MORE ONVivoTim CookSamsungOppoiPhoneIndian smartphone marketGionee Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 Indian Divas Who Never Got Married CRITICSUNION Help this 4-year-old survive a rare cancer! MILAAP 25 Celebs You Forgot Committed Horrible Crimes CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Not KYC compliant yet? You can still invest in ELSS Earth-like planetary waves discovered on Sun Here are the 11 best countries to live in around the world From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share 20 Hottest Blonde Bombshells In Hollywood Ever SocialDaft! NEW YORK How Alarm.com Makes the Smart Thermostat Smarter Alarm.com Check Out The New SUV Cars of 2017 Top SUVs Sponsored Ads 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented With digitisation at the forefront, government departments need to be cautious about digital security Revealed: Oppo, Vivo's Rs 2,200 crore marketing strategy to overtake Samsung in India Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka fights off fatigue to reshape Indian IT industry Two choices face Vishal Sikka: One will make Infosys, the other will mar it A digital evangelist to help Mahindra ride the tech wave More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex KKR vs RPS|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   How many Apple Watches has Apple sold? It still isn’t saying By Rex Crum / May 3, 2017 at 9:10 AM Let’s take a little quiz. Which of the following Apple items is out of place here? IPhone sales: 50.7 million units. Revenue of $33.2 billion. Mac sales: 4.2 million units. Revenue of $5.84 billion. IPad sales: 8.9 million units. Revenue of $3.9 billion. Services sales: $7.04 billion. Apple Watch sales: Uh…Nothing to see here. Apple Watch revenue: (Insert sound of crickets chirping and video of tumbleweeds rolling through a deserted town.) OK, it’s not completely like that, but pretty close. You see, when Apple reported its second-quarter results on Tuesday, it gave updates on all of its major product lines. All of them except the Apple Watch. As Apple has done for some time now, the company lumps Apple Watch sales in with Apple TV, iPods, Beats products and a few other things into a category colorfully called “Other Products.” Now, taken altogether, sales of Other Products are nothing to make fun of. Apple said sales of all that other stuff totaled $2.87 billion in the quarter that ended April 1. And that was a 31 percent gain over the $2.2 billion in Other Products sales that Apple had a year ago. To put Apple’s Other Products revenue in some perspective: That $2.87 billion was almost three times the $984 million that Advanced Micro Devices reported for everything it sold during its first quarter of this year. So Apple’s selling a lot of Other Products. And yet it doesn’t want to say how much it’s selling. When Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri delivered Apple’s results, and took questions from Wall Street analysts on Tuesday, they, as usual, didn’t give any exact sales figures for the Apple Watch. Sure, it’s Apple’s right to not say how many Apple Watches it has sold. But, for a product that Apple launched with almost as much hoopla as the Super Bowl, has made part of several ad campaigns, and has touted as a central tool for people keeping track of their health information, you might think that Apple would want to puff out its chest just a bit and say “We sold eleventy bazillions Apple Watches last quarter.” That is, unless it hasn’t sold anywhere near that number. It looks like for now, and for the foreseeable future, we’re going to have to live with just what Cook wants to say about Apple Watch sales. When he ran through the highlights of Apple’s second quarter, the only qualifiers he gave about the Apple Watch were generalities such as that sales “nearly doubled from a year ago,” and that the Other Products business is now “well into the Fortune 500” territory. Whatever territory those Apple Watch sales are in, we’re going to have to keep on guessing. For whatever reason, Cook & Co. don’t want to say. Maybe they’re holding out for when Other Products gets into the Fortune 100 territory? Maybe they’re going to give us all a surprise and tell us with the next Apple Watch update? Maybe they’re waiting until they can say Apple really did sell “eleventy bazillion” Apple Watches? Or maybe they’re just going to keep their mouths shut. Photo: Apple Watches on display during an Apple media event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco on March 9, 2015. Apple reported second-quarter results on Tuesday, but still didn’t give sales figures for the Apple Watch. (Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, Tim Cook   More Posts in Gadgets Google vs. Amazon: Drones to deliver packages to ground robots? April 6, 2017   Report: Apple working on new Mac Pro (finally) April 4, 2017   Apple blocks news app about drone strikes — again March 29, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Brian Fiacco Cook has made it clear from BEFORE the watch was released that, for competitive reasons, wasch sales numbers would not be release. Here are a couple of ideas for new articles. Speculate on why Samsung does not release its watch sales. Speculate on why Google does not release watch number sales. Speculate on why Google does not release the number of PHONES that it sells. Speculate on why you (and others) hold Apple to a very different set of standards. MANOJ If Apple watch is a huge success, I can’t understand why major app developers stopped supporting it ?         Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts How many Apple Watches has Apple sold? It still isn’t… Google Docs phishing scam spreads widely, reportedly shut… Facebook interns probably make more than you Tesla to report earnings amid stock high Bay Area rents keep softening, especially in Oakland     Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Apple's next iPhones may cut corners on memory due to price squeeze Apple's next iPhones may cut corners on memory due to price squeeze Analyst firm Trendforce predicts the memory capacity in iPhone 8 models will be capped at 3GB Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 May, 2017 03:28 - - - - print email Comments Apple could cut the capacity of DRAM in its upcoming anniversary iPhones with the rising prices of storage and memory components hitting its profit margins. Apple acknowledged the rising DRAM and NAND prices during its second-quarter earnings call Tuesday. The company expects the pricing pressure to continue in the near term. Those prices, in turn, could impact the memory capacity of the next iPhone. Trendforce, which tracks SSD and DRAM pricing, predicted the iPhone 8 will be capped at 3GB of DRAM. Consumers will have to wait until the successor to the iPhone 8 to get 4GB of DRAM, TrendForce said. Those phones would be released in 2018 or 2019. Trendforce is predicting that three iPhones will be released this year. Two iPhones -- a 5.8-inch iPhone with an AMOLED display and a 5.5-inch model with an LCD screen -- will have 3GB of memory. A 4.7-inch model with an LCD screen will have 2GB of DRAM, the company predicted. The current 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 has 2GB of memory. The memory is supplied by Samsung, according to iFixit.com. Smartphone makers are plugging more DRAM and flash storage into devices because users are embracing multimedia, gaming, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence. One version of Samsung's Galaxy S8+ has 6GB of DRAM, but it is available only in South Korea. Shortages have caused the prices of DRAM for mobile devices and PCs to spike. Trendforce says that prices for mobile DRAM like LPDDR4 will increase by more than 10 percent this year. Last month, Gartner predicted a price decline of DRAM and flash storage would start next year and crash in 2019. Prices of mobile devices have gone up due to DRAM and NAND flash shortages. During the earnings call, Apple noted that the average selling price of the iPhone, including all models, was up to US$655 from $642 a year ago, with those numbers including a strong mix of iPhone 7 Plus. Unfavorable foreign exchange rates also affected prices. Apple buys DRAM and NAND flash in large quantities, and, as a result, gets favorable pricing from suppliers. The hit on iPhone margins was made up by profits from ancillary offerings like services, said Luca Maestri, chief financial officer at Apple. At this point, adding more DRAM and NAND will make the next iPhones more expensive to manufacture and hurt Apple's profit margins. Apple will likely avoid the temptation of adding more DRAM. Trendforce is predicting that average memory in smartphones this year will be around 3.2GB, a revision from an earlier projection of 3.7GB. Lowering memory capacity is one way for device makers to cut corners and maintain profit margins. It's especially prevalent in PCs. Some new, low-cost laptops may have lower resolution screens, less memory, lower storage, or may not include a webcam. The PC market has been severely hit by the price increases of DRAM, NAND, displays, batteries, and components. In February, Lenovo's chief operating officer, Gianfranco Lanci, said PC prices would go up because of the rising component prices. Apple reported revenue of $52.9 billion for the third quarter ending on April 1, growing from $50.5 billion in the same quarter last year. The net profit was $11 billion, growing from $10.5 billion. iPhone shipments in the quarter totaled 50.7 million units, declining 1 percent. iPad shipments were 8.9 million, declining 13 percent. Mac shipments increased 4 percent to 4.2 million units. Network Professionals Survey with Computerworld Australia More from Computerworld Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleApple.GalaxyGartnerLenovoSamsung Editor's Recommendations Samsung Galaxy S8 phone: full, in-depth review Can more tech save Formula One from fan apathy? When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Appdynamics Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges Top 5 PHP Performance Metrics, Tips and Tricks The Need for Next-Generation Application Performance Monitoring Why DevOps is an Essential Part of Digital Transformation Latest Jobs ICT Relationship Manager - Service Delivery Environment NSW IT Service Owner - Supply Chain Technologies NSW Data Entry Administrator - Telecommunications NSW Software Manager VIC Manager - Information Management NSW Operations Manager - NV1 Cleared - Defence Projects - North Ryde area NSW Mobile Studio Manager/ Mobile UX Manager - GAME CHANGER! NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW ICT Transformation Integration Manager NSW Mobile Studio Lead/ Mobile UX Lead NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next The North Face’s parent company names new CIO ​Exclusive: Kathleen Mackay new Boral digital head after restructure Shodan search engine launches botnet hunting service CSO Online In pictures: CIO roundtable - Powering your digital journey to reality In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world Flood prone council's IT team bouyed by infrastructure overhaul Market Place AusCERT2017 | 16th Annual AusCERT Cyber Security Conference | May 23-26, 2017 | Surfers Paradise Marriott | REGISTER NOW Emerging Cyber Threat Summit | Cybersecurity strategy for business leaders in the digital age | 6-8 June | Sydney | Get the agenda Security Exhibition & Conference | Intelligent Strategies for Australia’s Security Industry 26-28 July 2017 | ICC Sydney, Darling Harbour | Find out more Network Professionals Survey with Computerworld Australia Enter this survey and you could WIN one (1) of two (2) Microsoft Surface Pro 4 128GB Tablet valued at AU$999 each. *Terms & Conditions Apply CSO Sneaky Gmail phishing attack fools with fake Google Docs app ​Advanced Russian attackers zero in on Mac users China will attempt to keep IT products spy-free with security checks Report: Average ransomware demand now over $1,000 Xen hypervisor faces third highly critical VM escape bug in 10 months Computerworld NAB beds down PBOP Power BI to add Premium service; private dashboard is free no more Windows 10 S: It's for enterprise, too Face it: Enterprise cyberattacks are going to happen The Internet of messy things ARN Kaspersky flags further action in Microsoft anti-trust case Brisbane reseller makes network provider play with Optus deal Labor promises SMART visas in wake of 457 abolition Ingram Micro adds BlueJeans to Aussie vendor roster Users under threat as phishing attack hits Gmail Techworld Sneaky Gmail phishing attack fools with fake Google Docs app Now Slack search can look for knowledgeable users and channels Power BI to add Premium service; private dashboard is free no more 9 reasons why the death of the security appliance is inevitable Interoperability isn’t guaranteed in the open network era CMO Final call for your thoughts in CMO's State of the CMO insights research Dr Sharp: Digital ad targeting has been oversold CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 4 May 2017 What's driving The PAS Group's customer engagement success Pfizer Australia adopts AI-powered digital analyst tool for sales and marketing decision making Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:26pm Thu 4 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox 8 things Apple could do with its riches By James Titcomb 6:11 AM Thursday May 4, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Technology Apple can afford a luxury yacht for every employee if they so desired. Photo / AP Apple has money in the bank: a lot of it. The iPhone maker, one of the world's most profitable companies, revealed on Tuesday night that its cash holdings have surged to $256.8 billion (NZ$370b), an almost unfathomable sum. The company's financial reserves have swelled largely because almost all of it is parked offshore, with Apple awaiting a tax holiday that would allow it to bring the money home. When this happens, Apple is likely to return the cash to shareholders, pay down debt or spend it on some big acquisitions. But if we spare the reality for a second, we can imagine just what US$250b could buy the world's biggest company. At a retail price of US$649, the iPhone 7 is at the more expensive end of the smartphone market, but Apple has enough cash to buy one 395,685,670 times over. That's enough to buy everyone in the UK and the US one each - although we imagine Apple would probably be able to wangle a discount on its own phone. $50 for everyone on the planet The Population Reference Bureau estimated the world's population at 7.4 billion in August 2016, which is expected to grow to 9.9 billion by 2050. If Apple split up its US$256.8b and divided it between the world population, that would work out at around US$34.70 each. 15 years of Britain's payments to the EU Continued below. Related Content Lizzie Marvelly: Finally, the half-price sale is over Your Views: Readers' letters Bolger: Neoliberalism has failed and Treaty settlements may not be full and final Britain pays some £12.9b a year to the EU after accounting for the annual "rebate" that lowers its contributions. A sizeable sum, no doubt, but Apple could finance it for 15 years and four months - well after the UK leaves. After that, the money would naturally go to the NHS. These six technology companies This is one idea that might not be too far from the truth. Apple is often seen as a potential buyer of Netflix or Tesla should it wish to find new growth areas, but with its cash it would be able to buy both as well as Uber, Snapchat, Twitter and Spotify. 12 Trump border walls According to a leaked report recently obtained by Reuters, Donald Trump's 1,250-mile border wall will cost as much as $21.6b to build by the time it is completed in 2020. Apple would be able to buy almost 12 of those walls, equivalent to around 14,500 miles: more than half the earth's circumference. 2,214 Paul Pogbas Manchester United stunned the footballing world when it paid £89.3m for Paul Pogba last summer, eclipsing the prices paid by Real Madrid for Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo. Buying the world's most expensive footballer would be a rounding error for Apple. The £8.5 billion of profits in the last quarter meant it earned a Paul Pogba every 23 hours. Any company in the FTSE 100 Britain's biggest listed company is the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell, with a market cap of just over £165b. If Apple ever decided to pivot into oil production, it would be able to buy it with change to spare. Some of Britain's less valuable but famous names, like Tesco - valued at £15b - could be bought more than 10 times over. A luxury yacht for every member of staff Apple has around 115,000 employees across its head office, international offices, stores and so on, so its cash pile could be divided up to give them all around US$2.2m. That's easily enough to buy everyone a luxury yacht. - Daily Telegraph UK By James Titcomb Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Rules reward water polluters Politicians fail to understand what's behind New Zealand's deteriorating water quality… Hawke's Bay Today Rules for quad bikes clarified When is it safe to carry a passenger on a quad bike? Worksafe clarifies. Bay of Plenty Times Official figures: Just how wet was April? Whangaparaoa was drenched with nearly five times its normal April rainfall, figures show… Our Features' Top Stories Driven 'Completely normal' old VW Golf conceals 1200hp under its skin Looks aren't everything, as evidenced by this little grey hatch that will eat everything… Viva How to dress stylishly while pregnant How does a fashion editor deal with dressing for pregnancy? True Commercial Ideal Grey Lynn owner-occupier or investor buy A two-level office and warehouse building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 04 May 2017 19:08:47 Processing Time: 33ms
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Check if iMessage, iCloud and FaceTime Are Down Josh Smith12/14/2012 Apple’s new system status page makes it easy to see if Apple’s growing list of services are down, cutting users off from iMessage, Facetime and iCloud services. This enhanced status page is important as Apple is the source of a growing number of services that users rely on daily. This page makes it easy to see if Apple is the one to blame, or if it is a problem with a specific device or carrier. The new Apple System Status Page is much more detailed than earlier versions, offering a status light for over 30 individual services and features. The page includes a timeline of events, to show when outages start and end as well. Apple’s new system status page shows if iMessage is down, and the status of other Apple services. Apple services are mostly reliable, but “iMessage down”, became a popular search term in September and again in November for days as the service went offline for extended periods. This page also shows if the App Store is down, or if iTunes is down, which occurs for a small section of users on a fairly regular basis. The timeline shows the iTunes store was down for an hour for some users on Wednesday. Check if IMessage is down and see who is affected. If you can’t send an iMessage, make a Facetime call, or use Siri this is the place to start. Some of the most important services monitored on this page are, iMessage Sirie Game Center Dictation Maps FaceTime Photo Stream Find My iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Mac iCloud data When any of these services go down, this page will offer more information on the outage and a link to support if there is no reported issue. There is no help, like how to send an iMessage as a text, but it’s a big improvement over the earlier version. It’s a good idea to bookmark this page, http://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/, on the iPhone or iPad so it’s easy to check while mobile. There is no mobile friendly version of the page, but it’s easy enough to use on a smaller screen. 2 Responses 03/20/2017 Gloria adams Reply FaceTime I sent not working, i keep getting error”cannot connect to FaceTime server” 05/03/2017 assassin's creed syndicate wallpaper Reply iMessage makes sometimes crash while opening the message. Apple should fix this soon. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Computing / Apple Cash Stash Spurs Buy Rumors Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple Growing Cash Stash Spurs Talk of Huge Acquisition By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: MAY 03 2017 As Apple's stash of cash grows, so does the possibility that the world's most valuable company will use some of the money for a huge acquisition that would expand its empire beyond iPhones and other gadgets. The company currently holds more than a quarter-trillion dollars it could use to go shopping. So far, the guessing game has primarily focused on possible targets such as Netflix and Tesla Motors. Either deal could make sense, given Apple's long-running interest in providing a TV service to consumers and its more recent work on self-driving cars . But in recent months the takeover talk has swirled around whether Apple might do something even more dramatic by making a bid for Walt Disney Co. The Mouse and the Apple Such a combination would create the world's first company worth $1 trillion. Beyond that, an Apple-Disney marriage would unite some of the world's most successful brands in technology and entertainment -- a list that includes the iPhone, iPad, Mac computer, Mickey Mouse, Disneyland, ESPN, Lucasfilm, Pixar and Marvel. "If there's a deal out there that would strike fear in the hearts of Silicon Valley and Hollywood, this could be it," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani wrote in a recent research report assessing the logic of an Apple-Disney combination. Apple doesn't discuss specific companies that it might buy, but it's exploring far and wide, according to Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri. "We are looking at every size of acquisition, so we will see how it goes going forward," Maestri told The Associated Press in a Tuesday interview. Disney hasn't given any inclination that it's looking for a buyer, but publicly held companies are required to consider all takeover offers. Buying Disney would be expensive. Daryanani estimates that Apple would have to pay $157 per share, or about $250 billion. Treasure Chest Apple is one of the few companies -- if not the only one -- that could pay that sum out of its pocket. The Cupertino, California, company ended March with nearly $257 billion in cash and marketable securities, according to numbers released Tuesday with Apple's earnings report for the January-March quarter. That's up from $233 billion a year ago, and the figure is expected to keep growing as Apple piles up more profits from the iPhone, iPad and Mac, as well as the applications and services that feed those devices. In its latest quarter, Apple's earnings climbed 5 percent to $11 billion while revenue also rose 5 percent to nearly $53 billion. In recent years, Apple has used a large chunk of its cash to provide its shareholders with extra income. The company disclosed plans on Tuesday to raise its quarterly dividend by more than 10 percent to 63 cents per share, marking the fifth increase in five years. Apple also has spent $151 billion buying back its own stock since 2012. Doing a mega-deal would be a major departure for Apple, whose largest acquisition to date was its $3 billion purchase of Beats Electronics in 2014 that helped launch its music streaming service. The Slowing Smartphone But Daryanani and other analysts believe Apple may need to make a pricier acquisition to lessen the company's dependence on the iPhone at a time when smartphone sales have been slowing. IPhone sales edged up 1 percent in Apple's latest quarter, extending a recovery from an unprecedented downturn last year. But many investors remain concerned that Apple has become too vulnerable to the ups and downs of the smartphone market, mostly because the company hasn't been able to come up with another hit product since the 2011 death of its co-founder and CEO, Steve Jobs. Apple's last big success, the iPad, came out in 2010, but sales of the tablet have been declining for more than three years. Meanwhile, the iPhone accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue in the past quarter. The Trump administration may give Apple another reason to mull a major acquisition, given earlier promises to lower U.S. taxes on overseas corporate cash brought back to the U.S. Should that tax cut happen, Apple CEO Tim Cook has said the company will consider bringing back most of the more than $230 billion it now keeps in foreign countries, making it easier to finance a blockbuster deal in the U.S. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Acquisition, Smartphone, Earnings, Tim Cook, Steve Jobs Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Cassini Discovers the 'Big Empty' 2. Orca Attacks on Gray Whales Up 3. SpaceX Launches Spy Satellite 4. Restaurant Calorie Counts Delayed? 5. Uber to Test On-Demand Air Transport MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN COMPUTING 1. Apple Cash Stash Spurs Buy Rumors 2. Intel IDs Years-Old Firmware Bug 3. Cisco Buys SD-WAN Startup Viptela 4. How Financial Firms Fight Cybercrime 5. Infosys To Hire 10,000 U.S. Workers Next Article > Intel Identifies Critical Firmware Bug That's Lurked Nearly 10 Years By Shirley Siluk / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: MAY 02 2017 A researcher with an Internet of Things security startup recently identified a critical vulnerability in Intel firmware that could allow an attacker to access enterprise systems using Intel's Active Management Technology, Small Business Technology or Standard Manageability. Intel published details about the vulnerability on its Security Center yesterday. The company is warning users to check with their equipment manufacturers for updated firmware or, if that's unavailable, to take steps to secure their systems. Identified by Maksim Malyutin, a researcher with the Berkeley-based startup Embedi, the vulnerability has existed in systems released by Intel since 2010-2011. Intel noted in its security advisory that the bug does not affect any of its consumer PCs. Firmware Patching Poses Challenges The escalation of privilege vulnerability, CVE-2017-5689, could allow a hacker to remotely access machines running Intel's Active Management Technology (AMT) or Intel Standard Manageability (ISM). It could also enable an unauthorized user to change management features on systems running either AMT, ISM or Intel's Small Business Technology. "The vulnerability is a serious threat and the prevention measures from exploitation is a timely process for users -- timely, but necessary," Embedi said in a blog post today. "It is also important to note the difficulties with firmware patching, which is needed to mitigate this vulnerability. Firmware patching takes an extremely long time to test before it is deployed to all of their users." While initial reports suggested the vulnerability has existed since 2008, Embedi said the bug affects only Intel firmware that's come out since 2010 at the earliest. In a tweet today, Embedi CTO Dmitriy Evdokimov posted a graph from the IoT device search engine Shodan showing that top organizations potentially affected by the AMT vulnerability include several universities, as well as telcos such as Verizon Wireless and Deutsche Telekom. Working To Update 'ASAP' Intel's Security Center advisory provides links to both a PDF guide to detect which systems might have the vulnerability, and a downloadable mitigation guide. According to the mitigation guide, "Intel highly recommends that the first step in all mitigation paths is to unprovision the Intel manageability SKU to address the network privilege escalation vulnerability." Intel spokesperson William Moss told Kaspersky Labs' Threatpost, "We have implemented and validated a firmware update to address the problem, and we are cooperating with equipment manufacturers to make it available to end-users as soon as possible." In his personal blog yesterday, Matthew Garrett, a security developer at Google, noted the vulnerability doesn't affect all Intel systems that have come out over the past few years. "Most Intel systems don't ship with AMT," Garrett said. "Most Intel systems with AMT don't have it turned on." However, users with systems that have turned on AMT should be aware of the vulnerability and take action to address it, he added. "If a vendor is no longer providing updates then it should at least be possible for a sufficiently desperate user to pay someone else to do a firmware build with the appropriate fixes," Garrett said. "Leaving firmware updates at the whims of hardware manufacturers who will only support systems for a fraction of their useful lifespan is inevitably going to end badly." Image credit: Intel. Read more on: Intel, Cybersecurity, Vulnerability, Firmware, Data Security, Network Security, Enterprise IT, Top Tech News POPULAR IN COMPUTING Surface Pro 5 Details Emerge AppDynamics Debuts New Dev Tools IBM Teams with Continuum Analytics Google's AI Chip Beats CPUs & GPUs MS Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits Internet Inventor Wins Turing Award Mac Pro Redesign? Not This Year THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mobile Cloud Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 manufacturer, covering Apple Inc Amazon Web Services EMC Microsoft Oracle Google PUNE, INDIA, May 3, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Mobile Cloud Industry This report studies Mobile Cloud in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Apple Inc Amazon Web Services EMC Microsoft Oracle Google IBM Salesforce Alibaba Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/892982-global-mobile-cloud-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Mobile Cloud in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Enterprise Grade Consumer Grade Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Mobile Cloud in each application, can be divided into Entertainment Financial Healthcare Social Networking Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=892982 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Mobile Cloud Market Research Report 2017 1 Mobile Cloud Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mobile Cloud 1.2 Mobile Cloud Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Mobile Cloud by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Enterprise Grade 1.2.3 Consumer Grade 1.3 Mobile Cloud Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mobile Cloud Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Entertainment 1.3.3 Financial 1.3.4 Healthcare 1.3.5 Social Networking 1.4 Mobile Cloud Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Mobile Cloud (2012-2022) 2 Global Mobile Cloud Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Mobile Cloud Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Mobile Cloud Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Mobile Cloud Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Mobile Cloud Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Mobile Cloud Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Mobile Cloud Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Mobile Cloud Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/892982-global-mobile-cloud-market-research-report-2017 3 Global Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Mobile Cloud Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Mobile Cloud Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 North America Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 Europe Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 China Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 Japan Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Southeast Asia Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 India Mobile Cloud Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Continued….. About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Dental X-Ray System Market 2017 – Sirona, Danaher, Planmeca Group Next PostNext Global Carbon Nanotube (CNT) Market 2017 – Nanocyl, Arkema, Cnano Search Recent Posts Securus Associate Honored as Bronze Award Winner in 2017 American Business Awards U.S. Army Veteran Launches VOSB and HUBZone Certified Agency, Serrano Media Group AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results MULTIMEDIA UPDATE – Baby Trend Achieves Finalist Status in the JPMA Innovation Awards for Respiro Mattress KoreConX Co-Founder & CEO Oscar Jofre to Keynote at Lima Fintech 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: NASA's A.I. moonshots idea could help the enterprise FAQ: How to skip a Windows 10 upgrade Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless News Apple likely to cap memory in next iPhones due to DRAM price hikes Analyst firm Trendforce predicts the memory capacity in iPhone 8 models will be capped at 3GB Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | May 3, 2017 10:28 AM PT Credit: Susie Ochs More like this PC prices to continue rising due to component shortage Expect higher prices for PCs and mobile devices this year Intel ships first Optane memory modules for testing Video Samsung Galaxy S8+ and DeX Dock Apple could cut the capacity of DRAM in its upcoming anniversary iPhones with the rising prices of storage and memory components hitting its profit margins. Apple acknowledged the rising DRAM and NAND prices during its second-quarter earnings call Tuesday. The company expects the pricing pressure to continue in the near term. Those prices, in turn, could impact the memory capacity of the next iPhone. Trendforce, which tracks SSD and DRAM pricing, predicted the iPhone 8 will be capped at 3GB of DRAM. Consumers will have to wait until the successor to the iPhone 8 to get 4GB of DRAM, TrendForce said. Those phones would be released in 2018 or 2019. Trendforce is predicting that three iPhones will be released this year. Two iPhones -- a  5.8-inch iPhone with an AMOLED display and a 5.5-inch model with an LCD screen -- will have 3GB of memory. A 4.7-inch model with an LCD screen will have 2GB of DRAM, the company predicted. The current 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, while the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 has 2GB of memory. The memory is supplied by Samsung, according to iFixit.com. Smartphone makers are plugging more DRAM and flash storage into devices because users are embracing multimedia, gaming, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence. One version of Samsung's Galaxy S8+ has 6GB of DRAM, but it is available only in South Korea.  Shortages have caused the prices of DRAM for mobile devices and PCs to spike. Trendforce says that prices for mobile DRAM like LPDDR4 will increase by more than 10 percent this year. Last month, Gartner predicted a price decline of DRAM and flash storage would start next year and crash in 2019. Prices of mobile devices have gone up due to DRAM and NAND flash shortages. During the earnings call, Apple noted that the average selling price of the iPhone, including all models, was up to US$655 from $642 a year ago, with those numbers including a strong mix of iPhone 7 Plus. Unfavorable foreign exchange rates also affected prices. Apple buys DRAM and NAND flash in large quantities, and, as a result, gets favorable pricing from suppliers. The hit on iPhone margins was made up by profits from ancillary offerings like services, said Luca Maestri, chief financial officer at Apple. At this point, adding more DRAM and NAND will make the next iPhones more expensive to manufacture and hurt Apple's profit margins. Apple will likely avoid the temptation of adding more DRAM. Trendforce is predicting that average memory in smartphones this year will be around 3.2GB, a revision from an earlier projection of 3.7GB. Lowering memory capacity is one way for device makers to cut corners and maintain profit margins. It's especially prevalent in PCs. Some new, low-cost laptops may have lower resolution screens, less memory, lower storage, or may not include a webcam. The PC market has been severely hit by the price increases of DRAM, NAND, displays, batteries, and components. In February, Lenovo's chief operating officer, Gianfranco Lanci, said PC prices would go up because of the rising component prices. Apple reported revenue of $52.9 billion for the third quarter ending on April 1, growing from $50.5 billion in the same quarter last year. The net profit was $11 billion, growing from $10.5 billion. iPhone shipments in the quarter totaled 50.7 million units, declining 1 percent. iPad shipments were 8.9 million, declining 13 percent. Mac shipments increased 4 percent to 4.2 million units. Related: Mobile & Wireless Computer Hardware Apple iOS Daily Briefing Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Tech Search Search BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets PoliticsCongress Scraps Obama-Era Rule for State Retirement Plans Apple Best Companies Apple’s Earnings Revealed iPad and Watch Surprises Don Reisinger May 03, 2017 Apple's latest earnings included a couple of surprises. Not surprisingly, much of the analysis on Tuesday centered on iPhone unit sales slipping 1% from the same period a year earlier. Some analysts questioned whether the near future will be similarly challenging. But the iPhone's poor performance overshadowed a couple of other more positive surprises: iPad sales weren't as bad as they could have been and sales in Apple's "Other Products" division, which includes the Apple TV set-top box, Apple Watch, and Beats headphones, jumped after a string of declines. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter iPad Apple's iPad unit has been declining over the past few years. Customers are holding onto their tablets for longer instead of buying new ones. Meanwhile, many people are shifting to two-in-one hybrid computers that can be used both as notebooks and tablets, and that Apple doesn't make. Apple's iPad division has also been hampered by slow product updates that could otherwise generate more sales. The iPad line's high price compared to the competition doesn't help matters. In Apple's quarter ending Dec. 28, 2013, the company sold more than 26 million iPads and generated $11.5 billion in sales. In contrast, last quarter, Apple sold only 8.9 million iPads and generated $3.9 billion in revenue. At first blush, the iPad's performance last quarter may appear to be disappointing. After all, iPad unit sales fell 13% and revenue slid 12%. But as BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long said in a note to investors on Tuesday, those results were actually better than expected. He had expected Apple's quarterly sales to hit 8.5 million units, compared to the 8.9 million it actually sold. The iPad division's average selling price was $436 on the quarter, topping his $429 estimate. The iPad, in other words, was expected to do worse that it did. And the unit beat expectations without the full impact of its new iPad, a tablet it released near the end of its fiscal quarter ending April 1. It's hard to call Apple's (aapl) iPad sales last quarter a success, but its surprise performance was a silver lining. Other Products Even better news came by way of Apple's Other Products division. During the latest quarter, revenue in the unit rose 31% to $2.9 billion, the first gain in a year. In a note to investors, BMO Capital Markets' Long said that the higher revenue was actually better than Apple's data suggests. In his own analysis, Long said that if the Apple Watch was excluded from the Other Products revenue, the division's year-over-year sales have declined for nearly three years. The unit has grappled with declining iPod sales, among other problems, the analyst's data shows. But Apple Watch's strong sales have lifted its performance. Long had anticipated that total revenue in Other Products would be $2.6 billion in the latest quarter, lower than the actual $2.9 billion reported. He attributed the better-than-expected performance partly to Apple Watch, but he also said that Apple's AirPods had a strong quarter. Beats, Apple's headphone-making subsidiary, also did well, according to Long. Still, even with better-than-expected performance in the iPad and Other Products divisions, the combined revenue of the two divisions is nearly $6.8 billion, or only 13% of Apple's overall revenue. Softness in the iPhone division, which accounts for nearly 63% of the company's business, has far greater impact. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
The 21st Century Corporation Search Search Best BuyBest Buy Will Now Sell Vivint’s Smart Home Installation Services BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets Apple Wall Street Doesn’t Care How Many iPhones Apple Just Sold Aaron Pressman May 03, 2017 Apple reported earnings for the first three months of 2017 that fell just a bit short of Wall Street's expectations, but most in the investment community is already looking ahead to the next big iPhone introduction in the fall. For the company's second fiscal quarter, revenue rose 5% to $52.9 billion, fed largely by the sale of 50.8 million iPhones. But Wall Street analysts were expecting $53 billion of revenue and sales of about 52 million iPhones. Earnings per share of $2.10 beat the average analyst estimate of $2.02, however. Apple shares, which have already gained 27% so far this year, lost less than 1% in midday trading on Wednesday. Simona Jankowski at Goldman Sachs may have summed up the view of most analysts in her report on the quarter. "All-in, we view the quarter as a non-event, with the market likely to look through a near- term iPhone 'pause' in anticipation of the iPhone 8 product cycle," she wrote. The Goldman analyst also said she is looking for Apple to do larger acquisitions, particularly to bolster its service revenue by buying a major entertainment company. "We would like to see Apple put its strong balance sheet to work to drive its content strategy," Jankowski wrote. "Further, M&A could accelerate progress toward management’s goal of doubling its Services revenues in the next four years." Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. In the same camp, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich summed up the situation as "one more quarter before show time" because Apple's next quarter won't have the new iPhone son sale yet, either. "The fact that Apple is gaining share everywhere but China and the ecosystem is growing bode well for the future," he added. There were a few areas of concern beyond just waiting for the next hit phone, however. Toni Sacconaghi at Bernstein Research worried about Apple's recent lawsuit against Qualcomm. Apple has stopped paying royalties to Qualcomm for wireless technologies included in the iPhone while the dispute over just how those fees should be calculated is ongoing. "While the risk is likely low, we worry that (Qualcomm) could choose to retaliate versus Apple going forward, either by withholding (or significantly increasing price) on sales of its modems, or by potentially seeking an injunction against Apple—either of which could dramatically undermine iPhone sales," Sacconaghi wrote. And if Qualcomm (qcom) does take drastic action and cuts off supplies, Apple (aapl) has few good options because alternative manufacturers like Intel (intc) don't have products that meet all of Apple's needs, he said. So a cut off would "create massive disruption for Apple as we approach its potentially biggest product introduction ever," Sacconaghi writes. "Yes, the odds of QCOM retaliation may be small, but the potential impact would be huge." Another concern is that one of Apple's strongest growth areas—the services revenue it collects on everything from music sales to online storage fees—could actually be less profitable than it appears. Ronan de Renesse, practice leader for consumer technology at Ovum, said only the fees Apple collects from developers fro selling apps actually has a strong profit margin. Media sales do not, according to de Renesse. "Apple makes most of its profits in services from developers on the App Store, not directly from consumers," he wrote. "It is unlikely that Apple will successfully bring the kind of margins it applies to its hardware to consumer services and content. Driving net income from services and content sales is extremely difficult—Netflix profit margins are in single digits and Spotify was still reporting losses at this time last year." Apple experienced yet another quarter of shrinking sales in China, as revenue decreased by 14% from the same period a year ago. But amid the overall drop, Apple said it had record sales of its more expensive 7 Plus model in the country. That is a sign that Chinese consumers will be able to jump on the new iPhone models coming later this year, according to Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty. Revenue in China continues to decline but is largely attributed to delays ahead of a iPhone new form factor, weak demand from Hong Kong tourism, and weak demand at lower end iPhone price points, which a discounted iPhone 7 Plus this fall may address," Huberty wrote. "We continue to believe that a combination of a growing base of aged iPhones and exciting new technology, including OLED displays, 3D sensors and wireless/fast charging will drive an iPhone supercycle that is still underappreciated by the market." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Thursday May 4, 2017 About Us App Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip By Glenn Chapman, AFP  Thursday, May 4, 2017, 12:03 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple reported a rise in quarterly profits Tuesday, but its shares took a hit from weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon. Apple said its profit climbed 4.9 percent to slightly more than US$11 billion on revenue rising 4.6 percent to US$52.9 billion in the quarterly period that ended April 1. Shares of the California-based company were down nearly two percent to US$144.94 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures. "We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the earnings release. Still, iPhone sales dipped slightly compared with a year ago to 50.8 million units, below most forecasts for the key profit machine for Apple. During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a "pause" in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed "reports about future iPhones." "That is clearly what is going on," Cook said. Apple has annually unveiled new iPhone models during special events in September, with major innovations anticipated this year because it will mark the tenth anniversary of the debut of the world-changing mobile device. Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit. Buying Back Shares Apple also announced that its board of directors authorized an additional US$50 billion for dividends and buying back shares in the company, raising to US$300 billion the total amount of cash to be spent in the program. While Apple has become the world's most valuable company, analysts are looking at how the company is diversifying in the face of a saturated smartphone market and increasing competition. Tuesday's report showed weaker sales of iPads and Mac computers. Apple also reported a 14 percent drop in revenues from a year earlier for "Greater China," dropping the region behind Europe and the Americas in terms of sales. A strong U.S. dollar facing off with weaker currencies were blamed for a strong "headwind" that pushed revenue down. 1|2|Next Page>> NEXT ARTICLE Stock markets retreat as they await Fed interest-rate decision Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Terry Gou in apparent White House meeting with Trump 2 Trump admin. declines to brand China a currency manipulator 3 Media exec becomes 1st Taiwan student at Alibaba founder's school for entrepreneurs 4 Gogoro to increase battery-swapping stations 5 Hon Hai reportedly one of four bidders for Toshiba IC assets 6 Terry Gou confirms US investment push after another White House visit 7 PX Mart in hot water after boss slams 'spendthrift' youth 8 Warren Buffet becomes face of Coke in China 9 Taiwan shares plunge amid rising geopolitical tensions 10 GlobalWafers issues most GDS by Taiwan firm in over 3 years Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
