Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Josh Smith03/21/2017 Here are the best iPhone 7 cases you can buy. You don’t need to spend a fortune to get an amazing iPhone 7 case. From the best protection to stunningly beautiful iPhone 7 cases we have you covered. We’ll also show you the best iPhone 7 wallet cases, leather cases and wood cases. If you need a slimmer protection, check out the best iPhone 7 skins. Whether you are looking for the best iPhone 7 case to protect your iPhone or simply to add new features to your iPhone and allow you to replace your wallet this is the list of the most exciting iPhone 7 cases you will find. In March 2017 Apple added new iPhone 7 cases to the mix with three new colors for the silicon cases and three new colors for the leather iPhone 7 cases. Here are the best iPhone 7 cases you can buy. There are many iPhone 7 cases available but these are the best cases to spend your money on. Simply put, here are the best iPhone 7 cases: Speck Presido iPhone 7 Cases Apple Leather iPhone 7 Case Tech21 Evo Mesh iPhone 7 Case Moshi iPhone 7 Napa Leather iPhone 7 Case OtterBox iPhone 7 Cases Lifeproof iPhone 7 Case Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case Distil Union iPhone 7 Wallet Case SlickWraps Spigen iPhone 7 Cases Sena Ultrathin Snap-On Leather iPhone 7 Case Olixar Ultra-Thin iPhone 7 Clear Case Mophie iPhone 7 Cases Tumi iPhone 7 Cases Kate Spade iPhone 7 Cases Milk and Honey iPhone 7 Case iPhone 7 Ollo Case and Lenses Mozo Wood iPhone 7 Case Skinit iPhone 7 Cases Nodus iPhone 7 Case – Access Case 2 Casemade iPhone 7 Leather Wallet Case SCOSCHE MagicMount PowerBank iPhone 7 Battery Jimmy Case iPhone 7 Wallet Case Pelican Adventurer iPhone 7 Case Carved iPhone 7 Case Grovemade iPhone 7 Wood Bumper Twelve South RelaxedLeather iPhone 7 Case Mous Limitless iPhone 7 Case Silicone iPhone 7 Case Most iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s cases will not fit the iPhone 7. Although the phones are similar size and shape, the camera opening is not big enough on most cases and there are other small fit and sizing issues. There’s no need for you to wade through hundreds of iPhone 7 cases to find the best. We’ve rounded up the best iPhone 7 cases you can buy. Speck Presido iPhone 7 Cases   1 / 28 Speck chose to deliver a new line of iPhone 7 cases that look and feel amazing. The new Presidio iPhone 7 cases use upgraded material to deliver better shock protection while arriving in a thinner design.  The Presidio Grip, Inked and Wallet can protect your iPhone 7 from a 10 foot drop while the Presidio Clear, Clear + Glitter and Clear + Print are tested for an 8 foot drop. We already have these iPhone 7 cases on our iPhone and love the look and feel that they offer. $39.95 to $44.95 at Speck   1 / 28 109 Responses 09/08/2016 Heidi Reply Here’s another to consider, Josh. It’s completely different from any featured above — more of a carry-all, play-through wallet. It comes with a micro pouch (zippered) that goes inside and can hold the lightning adapter and EarPods. SFBags’ Intrepid iPhone Wallet. https://www.sfbags.com/products/intrepid-iphone-7-travel-wallet 09/24/2016 Gracy Reply I really love this Wallect Spigen Case. Its the first one here. I used it on 2 different devices and it is just perfect. http://geozitcases.blogspot.com/2016/09/best-iphone-7-wallet-case.html 10/03/2016 Todd Reply I was just looking for a cool iPhone 7 case so I got me this Beer Glass iPhone 7 Case https://www.zazzle.com/pd/spp/pt-getuncommon_case?dz=c1ed7857-6836-4f3d-a98a-8c13a75f218b&view=113235489318956361&CMPN=shareicon&lang=en&social=true&rf=238255501378548234 11/01/2016 Dalibor Salanski Cezar Reply I get paid over $87 per hour working from home with 2 kids at home. I never thought I’d be able to do it but my best friend earns over 10k a month doing this and she convinced me to try. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I’ve been doing>> OfficeCash．Tk 11/02/2016 focuseak Reply So how about the r-just shockproof case for iPhone? I wish you’ll make a difference with this metal case. https://www.lululook.com/products/r-just-aluminum-metal-shock-waterproof-case-for-iphone-7-iphone-7-plus Stay unique. 04/16/2017 MSI Tech Reply Amazing case wallet for iPhone 7 thank you 09/14/2016 Stephanie Sambrano Reply do they have this for the plus? 09/22/2016 katherine joo Reply There are so many stylish and beautiful case for iPhone 7. I prefer the moshi leather case, simple and fashion. But how about the case from lifeproof and otterbox? The Defender series and NÜÜD can protect your phone from damage and waterproof. I love it. Also recommend this unique protetive case: https://goo.gl/5Ggc6d It Effectively protects your cellphone against dust, water,dirt, bump and scratches 09/24/2016 JohnJJ Reply I have made a selection on Amazon for the best rated iPhone 7 cases. You can find them here (deleted) 10/03/2016 Annie Reply Do we need a case. Yes, we might but what in special occasions?? some will remove the case to show off (probably me) So better to wrap it up using a protector one from the Gadgetshieldz. https://www.gadgetshieldz.com/apple-iphone-7-screen-protectors-covers-cases.html 10/10/2016 Mya Reply How about posting information with an occasional advertisement. It’s a pain in the a$$ having to go page to page to page, and then having a full page pop up on every one. 10/25/2016 Tina Reply I like phone cases that look pretty and are unique – more aesthetic. I made my own at http://zuniquely.com/custom-phone-cases by putting a family photo on. 10/27/2016 smith maahi Reply I have used the 5th one and have gr8 experience with it. you should buy the number 1 and 5 as they both are great. hahahhaha am I the only one who think this article explains better than the amazon. Hahaha amazon should add more details about the product. 10/28/2016 Watcharapong Dokmai Reply you can try rhino shield. that pretty cool design, you will love it. you can fund here > https://www.ebay.com/itm/201671588414 11/02/2016 Toby Reply You should try the Casemade iPhone 7 leather wallet case in your next roundup Josh. The case always gets a great response from reviewers and bloggers. 11/02/2016 Toby Reply Full link as below https://goo.gl/ZAB8mh 11/04/2016 Nicolas Hochard Reply I am surprise to not seeing known case in the list. I guess it is who does the best PR that could get featured! have a look by yourself http://www.krowncase.com got mine few week ago and so far so good! 01/08/2017 Martin Peter Reply Your information is really very interesting so thanks and share other great articles with us i will look forward to see your next post….!! 03/08/2017 Louisa Reply I worked with Jaienqlcue at Kwantlen a long time ago and she was such a delightful and fun person to be around. She will be sadly missed but we were so fortunate to have her in this world. 05/17/2017 insure my car cheap Reply There are more witnesses to Jesus performing miracles than to any angel talking to Muhammad.People follow Jesus because he was an ideal and people try to live up to an ideal. Most times they fail but that is because humans are weak and cannot meet the standards of god.But surely it is better to aim for an impossible ideal than to flog adulterers, chop off thieves hands and kill people for thought crimes.Islam is not the word of god. Any barbaric general could have devised such brutal punishments. Or Satan. 02/07/2017 James Bentley Reply Great Article Josh, You can get great personalised phone cases, including iPhone 7 here: https://www.imagise.co.uk/personalised-phone-cases.html 02/09/2017 Janet Baker Reply I think you’re forgetting Protean Case, the most exciting case of 2017. ;) http://www.proteancase.com/ 02/17/2017 wayne Reply Very nice collection of cases and covers for iPhone 7 and explanation also very clearly given. As ” smith maahi ” said above comments. 02/17/2017 Nomzamo mangete Reply I like iOS.10.2.1 03/10/2017 fotbollströjor Reply Yes! Finally someone writes about fotbollskläder. fotbollströjor 03/26/2017 Harga HP Terbaru Reply I like Speck Presido iPhone 7 Cases, looks very comfortable and easy to grip. 03/27/2017 Suraj Padmasali Reply Thank you for sharing all in one post. I have been using carved.com cases for my iPhone 6s and loved them. It’s not the best on looks, but It has served me well! 03/27/2017 ejaculando com controle reclame aqui Reply Aqueles que têm problemas de ereção – Este livro vai ajudar você a desenvolver fortes e também duradouras ereções. http://www.Zedia.net/arbour/Yapig/view.php?gid=7&phid=76 03/27/2017 Luca Reply Good information. Lucky me I came across your site by accident (stumbleupon). I’ve book marked it for later! 03/27/2017 Kisah Seks Bergambar Reply When they suddenly start to treat you extremely nice; more so than usual. There are special moments of conversations and closeness that makes a tight bond between a couple that’s needed for a successful. You wouldn’t make this happen regularly but also in this case, you should have in mind the truth and when they may not be likely to let you know, you must do some dirty work. 03/27/2017 www.zotero.org Reply Curso do Jerry livramento dá uma garantia incondicional de 30 dias, onde caso você não goste ou não esteja triste com teor ou método de ensino você pode enviar um correio eletrônico informando a situação e solicitar seu dinheiro de volta. https://www.zotero.org/groups/repairanimal61663 03/27/2017 toyota vios Reply The other day, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a 40 foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone! 03/27/2017 bandarQ Reply Hi, i believe that i saw you visited my weblog thus i got here to go back the favor?.I’m attempting to to find things to enhance my web site!I guess its ok to make use of a few of your ideas!! 03/27/2017 marvel movies 2017 wiki Reply Hemsworth and Evans can be found in the Avengers movies together and Pratt and Evans were involved with a Super Bowl bet that included them visiting with youngsters’ hospitals in costume. 03/27/2017 Soyanger0.Blogocial.Com Reply Boa inoportunamente Alan, usar método você vai utilizar no sítio e também retirar apenas a mácula que quer remover. http://soyanger0.blogocial.com/-Como-Remover-Tatuagem-Em-Casa-3858857 03/27/2017 guia práTico para passar em concurso púBlico em 1 ano minhateca Reply http://anolink.com/?link=http://www.Kiwibox.com/voyagesoda52/blog/entry/138980083/ou-forrar-vem-carvatechtv/?pPage=0 03/27/2017 https://Www.Zotero.org/groups/Profitlocket9757 Reply Ejaculando Com Controle é um treinamento super originário, que trabalha com corpo e com a mente e que me fez ter controle sobre minha ejaculação de uma forma incrível, além de me ajudar a restabelecer minha autoconfiança. https://Www.Zotero.org/groups/profitlocket9757 03/27/2017 music for remix Reply Thankfulness to my father who stated to me about this blog, thiss webpage is actually awesome. 03/27/2017 Veronica Reply http://browtoast44.qowap.com/1152732/quer-forrar-vem-carvatechtv 03/27/2017 formula alpha 3f livro Reply A Autora do Livro Frases da aquisição de Thais Ortins funciona, Pois Ela trabalhou durante bastante tempo em uma consultoria de hipnose e também aprendeu a lidar com esse tipo de situações. http://byzblog.com/hattrail7/p/65279curso-formula-alpha-3f-funciona/ 03/27/2017 gia thang may khong phong may Reply You really make it appear so easy along with your presentation but I in finding this topic to be actually something that I believe I would never understand. It sort of feels too complicated and very large for me. I’m having a look ahead for your next publish, I’ll attempt to get the hold of it! 03/27/2017 tesouro direto descomplicado login Reply São duas as taxas cobradas no Tesouro Direto, sendo uma pela BM&FBOVESPA, relativo aos serviços prestados, e uma pela sua Instituição Financeira. http://callspot6.tribunablog.com/ebook-como-investir-dinheiro-rafael-seabra-1330177 03/27/2017 Birgit Reply http://Www.Jszj.net/space-uid-1040139.html 03/28/2017 graphic-tees.us Reply I can not inform you how many shirts we had to return to our 1st two printers (1st two in the span of 3 months. 03/28/2017 pupula duplex Reply Quality articles or reviews is the key to invite the people to pay a visit the web site, that’s what this website is providing. 03/30/2017 Wang Hag Reply I love my iPhone. I found the good collection for iPhone Case. I would like custom design iPhone cover it looks unique design and attractive phone case. 03/31/2017 a formula alpha 3f Reply http://Canoeorder2.Blog.ru/224516355.html 03/31/2017 Faustino Reply https://Canoetrail7.Jimdo.com/2017/01/31/a-formula-para-o-sucesso/ 03/31/2017 Rolando Reply http://Middleyak6.Blogzet.com/formula-47-formato-port-til-de-documento-download-integralmente-sem-custo-adicional-funciona-bom-1187531 03/31/2017 see this site Reply You are so cool! I don’t suppose I have read anything like this before. So good to discover somebody with original thoughts on this issue. Seriously.. thank you for starting this up. This website is something that is required on the web, someone with a bit of originality! 03/31/2017 Christine Reply https://foursquare.com/user/391054514/list/culin%C3%A1ria-japonesa 03/31/2017 Forestdancer58.full-design.com Reply É único método 100% natural e comprovado para finalizar com sua impotência de modo rapida e permanente, e também para entregar a você ser capaz da vitalidade que você achou que tinha desaparecido sempre. http://forestdancer58.full-design.com/-Em-Pratos-Limpos-3784576 03/31/2017 Lucy Reply http://www.getjealous.com/whorlcup84/journal/5203804/november.html 03/31/2017 kios cetak kalender Reply Nice weblog right here! Additionally your website quite a bit up fast! What host are yoou the use of? Can I am getting your affiliatfe lijk on your host? I want my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol 03/31/2017 Y6 Games Reply If you are going for most excellent contents like myself, only go to see this web page every day as it offers quality contents, thanks 03/31/2017 Y4 Games Reply I’m gone to say to my little brother, that he should also visit this website on regular basis to obtain updated from latest information. 03/31/2017 khuon cua go lim lao Reply My brother suggested I might like this website. He was once entirely right. This publish actually made my day. You can not believe simply how a lot time I had spent for this info! Thanks! 03/31/2017 xe co Reply Unquestionably believe that which you said. Your favorite justification appeared to be on the web the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people consider worries that they plainly don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks 03/31/2017 seasonrouter10.pointblog.net Reply http://seasonrouter10.pointblog.net/-Guia-Segredos-Da-Ere-o-Totalidade-VEJA-DEPOIMENTO-E-SEJA-FELIZ–3676396 03/31/2017 dragon city tips for beginners Reply Today, brain yօu, wе’re talking about indie music artists гight hᥱre, not tɦose wҺo ccan sᥙccessfully discount tɦeir way to а lasrger pay cut, Ƅut I’m speculating tɦat fits the profilke of mοst musicians out therе. It’ll end up bеing inteгesting to seee іf ɑ number оf interesting artists ennd up obtaining their begіn on Google Music. 03/31/2017 free ebooks Reply I’d like to find out more? I’d love to find out some additional information. 03/31/2017 kitchen appliance Reply Theѕe sleek and uncluttered designs defineԁ the best way one employed to coߋk a few decades ago. It does not sound that good when уⲟu buy qualitү vegetaƄles and meat only to lose their nurtrtіonal value thrоugh cooking. Begin via inquiry the net or looking through some magazines on a current incline in kitchens. 03/31/2017 te caldo Reply After I initially commented I appear to have clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now each time a comment is added I receive 4 emails with the same comment. Is there a way you are able to remove me from that service? Cheers! 03/31/2017 بالمدينة Reply It’s a shame you don’t have a donate button! I’d most certainly donate to this outstanding blog! I suppose for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to new updates and will talk about this website with my Facebook group. Chat soon! 04/01/2017 Jere Reply Gгeetings frοm Ohio! I’m bored to death аt work so I decided tto check out yߋur site on mу iphone ɗuring lunch break. Ⅰ enjoy thе knowledge you provide Һere ɑnd can’t wait to tаke a loօk ᴡhen Ⅰ get hоme. I’m amazed ɑt hоw quick yⲟur blog loaded on my cell phone .. Ⅰ’m not even using WIFI, ϳust 3Ԍ .. Anyhow, gоod site! 04/01/2017 find out Reply Magnificent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just too magnificent. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you’re stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it smart. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is really a great website. 04/02/2017 ujjolkhan Reply For men who carry change, such as anyone who uses the Euro as their currency, this can be useful. In countries in which the currency is less cash- and coin-dependent, a coin purse adds unnecessary weight and bulk.https://www.amazon.com/Bdgiant-mens-genuine-leather-extra-capacity-bifold-trifold-flap-id-wallet/dp/B00SHORFYA 04/02/2017 May Reply Hi there, yeah this paragraph is truly pleasant and I have learned lot of things from it concerning blogging. thanks. 04/02/2017 website here Reply Yes! Finally something about look at this website. 04/02/2017 make money from home fast Reply Thanks each in your form phrases and for mentioning the key phrase earn cash writing on HubPages one more. 04/02/2017 impotência masculina remedio natural Reply http://plug-and-play-solar.com/index.php?action=profile;u=4524 04/02/2017 water pipe insulation bag Reply Although even once we do not, one small house heater is probably the most we run in the entire house. 04/04/2017 www.caringbridge.org Reply This is a good tip particularly to those fresh to the blogosphere. Simple but very accurate info… Thank you for sharing this one. A must read post! 04/04/2017 Republikcara Reply I do not know if it’s just me or if everybody else experiencing issues with your website. It appears like some of the written text in your posts are running off the screen. Can someone else please provide feedback and let me know if this is happening to them too? This may be a issue with my internet browser because I’ve had this happen before. Cheers 04/04/2017 huntersville limo Reply There is definately a great deal to find out about this topic. I love all the points you have made. 04/04/2017 iphone 7 hülle Reply Eerste informatie tarief. 04/06/2017 tap doan donacoop Reply Quality posts is the main to be a focus for the users to go to see the website, that’s what this site is providing. 04/07/2017 Jack Reply This ain and inconvenience can bbe greatly reduced by choosing the popular managed website hosting services. There is no grief when you encounter a downtime on your website. Ecommerce hosting may also include electronic daqta exchange thyat apart from listing a products price, model, make, etc also facilitates exchange of faxes, emails, business documents, etc. 04/08/2017 ik450980 Reply This is a very nice wallet-in both appearance as well as functionality. My son is a truck driver and spends a great deal of his day “sitting” on his wallet. He really appreciates the comfort of this wallet as well as the room for his credit cards & the flip display for his drivers license. there are also pocket areas to hold receipts -for him losing a receipt is a big issue-no receipt , no reimbursement.https://www.amazon.com/Bdgiant-Mens-Genuine-Leather-Bifold-Wallet-With-Flip-up-ID-Window-Trifold-Wallet/dp/B01AAS4T3U 04/08/2017 Anonymous Reply excellent submit, very informative. I wonder why the opposite experts of this sector don’t understand this. You must continue your writing. I’m sure, you’ve a great readers’ base already! 04/09/2017 Enriqueta Reply It’s in fact very complicated in tnis busy life to listen news on Television, so I just use the web for that purpose, and obtain the hotttest news. 04/09/2017 prmir faucts Reply Thеrе is an air wash tߋ hold the gⅼass clean, that’s usually a toρ slider οr spinner. Many ցranite sⅼabs are manufactured of varied minerals because of the natural origination, so manufactureгs will make room for specific directions for any piece being purchasеd. The holiday table might be full with place settings for the dinner guests and alѕo the centeгpiece. 04/10/2017 cocotte minute Reply Avec un autocuiseur, plus besoin de s’inquiéter du volume de liquide restant dans le récipient, puisque la cocotte est fermée hermétiquement, ni du temps qui passe. 04/10/2017 survival kit tools Reply Very good post. I’m going through a few of these issues as well.. 04/10/2017 mobile app Reply Thank you so much for providing individuals with an exceptionally remarkable opportunity to read critical reviews from this website. It really is so nice and as well , jam-packed with a lot of fun for me and my office acquaintances to search your web site at minimum 3 times every week to see the latest things you have. And of course, I am always astounded with your astounding tricks served by you. Certain 4 areas in this posting are surely the finest I have ever had. 04/11/2017 trade bearing Reply Hi there, constantly i used to check weblog posts here in the early hours in the break of day, for the reason that i enjoy to find out more and more. 04/12/2017 sbobet Reply Thanks for finally writing about >28 Best iPhone 7 Cases <Liked it! 04/13/2017 Agen Judi Remi9 Terpercaya Reply Wonderful article! We will be linking to this great article on our site. Keep up the good writing. 04/13/2017 yoga pants walmart Reply You may have probably the most selections in thickness if you choose a mat created from PVC, or vinyl. 04/13/2017 gift ideas for mom and dad Reply I am actually on the lookout for a present for my grandmother and I assumed the simplest and sweetest method is by giving her a memory guide. 04/13/2017 file conversion software Reply Yes! Finally something about pdf files. 04/13/2017 http proxy server java Reply If you have any difficulty about our proxy list service, please read the FAQs initial. 04/14/2017 Boxing free betting. Reply Hello just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The worxs in your post seem to be running off the screen in Opera. I’m not sure if this is a formating issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The design and style look great though! Hope you get the problem fixed soon. Thanks 04/15/2017 www.youtube.com Reply Very quickly this web page will be famous amid all blogging viewers, due to it’s good content 04/15/2017 Leonora Reply If that is additionally your Achilles heal, spend a couple of minutes going by these UI/UX hacks. 04/16/2017 HSV Eraser review Reply Normally I do not read article on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thank you, very great post. 04/17/2017 badoo credits hack v2.1 Reply We will present you those options later. 04/17/2017 Get More Info Reply Can I simply say what a relief to uncover an individual who really knows what they’re talking about over the internet. You certainly know how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people should check this out and understand this side of the story. I was surprised that you aren’t more popular because you certainly have the gift. 04/18/2017 optometry schools in nc Reply There are 6 universities that offer Optometry in England, they’re: Cardiff School, Aston University Anglia Ruskin University, London Area, and Manchester University. 04/20/2017 Scam Loans Canada Reply This article will assist the internet visitors for building up new web site or even a weblog from start to end. 04/22/2017 eye doctors near me that take medicaid Reply However, among my physicians and I visited and we consumed a lot more than my designated time stressing regarding the adjustments in health care. 04/23/2017 http://Renuvisage.net Reply I think the admin oof this website is genuinely working hard in favor of his web page, as here every stuff is quality based stuff. 04/23/2017 Prison Reply Its not my first time to visit this site, i am browsing this web site dailly and take nice facts from here all the time. 04/24/2017 Joseph Reply What’s Happening i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found It absolutely helpful and it has helped me out loads. I’m hoping to contribute & help other customers like its helped me. Great job. 04/26/2017 5 Star Rated Exotic Car Transport Company Reply I’ve been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or weblog posts in this sort of space . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this web site. Reading this information So i am satisfied to show that I’ve a very just right uncanny feeling I came upon just what I needed. I most definitely will make sure to don?t fail to remember this site and give it a look on a constant basis. 05/05/2017 mua che day Reply magnificent points altogether, you simply received a brand new reader. What may you suggest about your submit that you simply made a few days in the past? Any sure? 05/09/2017 www.lsfafa.cn Reply Definitely imagine that that you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be at the net the easiest thing to have in mind of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed at the same time as other people think about concerns that they plainly do not recognize about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and outlined out the entire thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will likely be again to get more. Thank you 05/17/2017 like4like auto points Reply Ηelⅼօ tɦere! This article сould not bbe written any bettᥱr! Going tҺrough this article reminds me ߋf my previοuѕ roommate! He continually қept talking aƅоut this. I’ll send this article to ɦim. Fairly ceгtain hee wіll haѵe а ǥood rеad. Many tɦanks for sharing! 05/17/2017 Bitcoin Maniac Reply Another choice will be the Obliq iPhone 7 cases. It feature many cases including dual layered, clear, leather and textured cases. It’s best for professionals like me, I like them the best. https://obliqproduct.com/collections/iphone-7-case Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 18 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 18 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Share Tweet Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant The compan­y is also gainin­g tracti­on with its photo app, which now reache­s 500 millio­n users regula­rly By Reuters Published: May 18, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. PHOTO: REUTERS Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company’s artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple’s Siri feature on its own devices. Google Home will now talk to your GE Appliances Two attendees wearing Google Glass listen to the opening keynote during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. PHOTO: REUTERS What’s more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone’s camera, executives said. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company’s Android operating system — long the cornerstone of Google’s mobile strategy — getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. “This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don’t see it for a couple years … and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms,” Dawson said. “They need to put that functionality where users are.” The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company’s own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. “Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways,” Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. “We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs.” The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. PHOTO: REUTERS Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. OMD and Google launch Pakistan’s First Programmatic campaign Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner, will be integrated as well. While Amazon’s Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. “Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services,” said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. “They really pushed that message hard.” Read more: Google , IO , Tech Recommended Stories Here are top 7 gadgets that will be available this year Apple's anticipated iPhone 8 device is arguably the most sought-after Tech development this year Lyft, Waymo ink self-driving car deal - NY Times Many companies are trying to acquire a piece of the market for self-driving ECP links 70,000 polling stations to Google Maps Move was discussed in meeting chaired by Chief Election Commissioner Justice Sardar Muhammad Raza Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 16-year-old British Pakistani rejects £5 million offer for his website 2 BBC reporter slapped on air for touching woman's breast 3 Pakistan goes topsy turvy over Tutti Fruitti 4 Statement in court: Sindh police chief offers to step down 5 Punjab mulls province-wide cola ban for kids 6 Woman in Lahore swindled of millions by ‘husband to be’ 7 CPEC: a game changer but for whom? 8 PTI leaders duped by 'Fatemi in China' news, goof up on Twitter 9 This Twitter exchange between Wasim Akram and wife Shaniera is too cute for words! 10 Indian woman abducts lover at gunpoint on his wedding night Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyFacebook faces EU fine over misleading WhatsApp data: source © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
sevgilisine gec cikacagini soyleyerek yanina cagiriyor Onun porno gonlunu uzun zamandir yogunluktan dolayi yapamayan azgin esmer porno izle kadin iceri giren sevgilisine bacaklarini acarak yaptigi klimasinin porno tamiri icin teknik servis cagiriyor Yari ciplak halde adami karsilayarak sex izle yatak odasinda calismasina yardimci oluyor Merdiven uzerindeki adama asagindan yardim porno hikaye ederken yukaridan gorunen dekoltesi ile sekreteri ile tatile cikiyor Islerin porno video yogunlugundan kendisine vakit ayiramayan yasli adam citir sekreterinin de arzulu birisi oldugunu porno indir bildiginden hemen onu kucagina alarak ufak memelerinin acik renkli uclarini emerek porno izle azdirip domaltiyor Karsi cikmadan domalarak etegini sirtina toplayan sarisini beceriyor Thu May 18, 2017  |  Updated 12:41 PM IST  |Home| Sitemap Search for: State| National| Business| Opinion| Sports| International| Horoscope | Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery| Suggestion| Sunday Magazine| Letters| RSS Feed Hacklinkler hacklink sitesi hacklink Hacklink Sitesi porno Menu State National Business Opinion Sports International Horoscope Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery Suggestion Sunday Magazine Letters RSS Feed Breaking News: 12 injured as security forces launch anti-militancy ops E-Paper Apple’s ‘Made in India’ iPhones to hit stores this month Posted on 18/05/2017 by Dailyexcelsior BENGALURU: Apple will begin full-scale production of ‘Made in India’ iPhonescoming out of a factory in Bengaluru later this year, as it awaits to seek more clarity on the goods and services tax (GST) rollout. The Cupertino-based maker of iPhones and iPads has completed the assembly of a few thousand iPhone SEs in Bengaluru that will reach its distribution masters Redington and Ingram shortly. The firm will start shipping iPhones to domestic customers later this month. The Wall Street Journal reported the development on Wednesday. India will be only the third country globally to assemble iPhones, signalling how important it has become for one of the world’s most valued companies. The 4-inch phone powered by an A9 chip that’s used in iPhone 6S, comes with a 12-megapixel camera. Taiwanese company Wistron, an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) of Apple, will make the iPhones out of its facility in the city’s industrial hub of Peenya. In response to TOI’s query, Apple said it is beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. “iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we will begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” the company said in a statement. Karnataka IT minister Priyank Kharge said Apple’s decision to assemble iPhones is a testimony to the vibrant ecosystem of the city. Apple uses a fairly complex supply chain. The parts for the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac are manufactured, mostly by third parties, across 28 countries. It has 766 suppliers, of which 346 are based in China, 126 in Japan, and 69 in the US. There is one in India, a unit of Flextronics in Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu. For the Apple Mac, the final assembly happens in China, US, and Ireland — the last of these is Apple’s own facility — and for the iPod, China is the only final assembly location. pple CEO Tim Cook has called out India’s standout performance during its earnings call. The sales of iPhones grew 50% in the 2016 fiscal. Cook said that the 4G roll-out in particular could have a huge impact. There is enough headroom for growth, thanks to a burgeoning base of India’s young demography, and rising per capita income that will create a huge opportunity. India is becoming particularly important for Apple because China, which has been a huge market for the company, is faltering. Apple sold less than 3 million units last year, clocking annual sales of over $1.5 billion. “Apple won’t be assembling in India alone, but is likely to leverage it as an export hub. But how big the facility will be or how soon they are going to expand the facility depends on how they will navigate regulatory challenges,” IDC India senior research manager Navkendar Singh said. Apple has been battling Samsung for the top slot in the premium smartphone range (Rs 30,000 and above). In the January-March quarter, Samsung replaced Apple as the top premium smartphone vendor with a 48% market share, up from 31% in October-December, showed data shared by Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple’s share dropped to 43% from 62%.(AGENCIES) Share this: Tweet Share on Tumblr Print & PDF Related Download Daily Excelsior Apps Now: Share With Tweet This entry was posted in Social Trends. Bookmark the permalink. State Farewell accorded to B R Sharma... Exempting NoCs for Industrial units right step... Govt urged for early completion of Manda Zoo, ... Mehbooba inaugurates semi-mechanized car parkin... DyCM for making J&K self-sufficient in po... Cong enrolls 8.25 lakh primary members... Dogri translation of Sangeeta Gupta’s poe... Bollywood film ‘Sargoshiyan’ premiered at ... Bali for innovative reforms to improve services in... Priya for revamping Culture Department... Speaker reviews status of development works... People protest, block road as man crushed by Army... Srinagar-Qazigund stretch of highway to be compl... Youth unrest a common concern: Bhat... Rajput Sabha distributes scholarship among studen... Manohar conducts tour of Billawar Kandi belt... Editorial Cross LoC trade review Relief to young entrepreneurs India boycotts China meet ﻿Nation cares for martyrs Zoo project goes haywire Science in service of man US takes on Pak terror Voting rights of Pandits More Related News Markets NASDAQ 6011.24    -158.63 S&P 500 2357.03    -43.64 INFY 14.89    -0.37 GCG12.CMX N/A    N/A ^NSEBANK N/A    N/A VMW 92.27    -2.37 PFE 32.23    -0.37 Weekly Special Art World Heritage Nature Food Shelf Life Style Travelogue Healthline Fashion Science & Technology Career & Education Bollywood Buzz Bookreview Tourism Sports Sacred Space Advertise With Us Results & Lists Real Estate Brides Grooms Obituaries Employment Tender Miscellaneous Education Tariff Plans HomeAbout Us Opinion Archive Section Suggestions Send Mail MailbagOld ArchiveAir Rail TimingWeather DisclaimerTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyPay OnlineClick here to Bookmark Weekly Sunday Magazine All Your Answers Cipher - Decipher Inner Voice Sports Quiz Subscribe As a subscriber, you will have full access to all of our Newsletters and News Bulletins. Click here to make Daily Excelsior your default homepage Edited, Printed, Published by Kamal Rohmetra and owned by Excelsior. Executive Editor Neeraj Rohmetra. Printed at Excelsior Printer Pvt Ltd, Janipura, Jammu and published from EXCELSIOR HOUSE, Janipura, Jammu 180007 (J&K). Phones: +91-191 2537055, +91-1912537901, +91-191 2539178. Fax: +91-191-2537831 Daily Excelsior Srinagar office: 2 Partap Park Srinagar Phones:+91-194 2450213 Copyright © 2014 DailyExcelsior All Rights Reserved. Designed Developed & Hosted by Pugmarks.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business May 18 2017 - 12:51PM Save Print License article Optus has best mobile customer growth in five years, but profit dips on EPL costs Lucy Battersby Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 22 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Optus has reported strong growth in revenue and mobile customers for its fourth quarter, but its full-year profits have been hit by the high cost of stealing English soccer rights from Telstra-owned rival Foxtel. During the past year Optus added 142,000 customers to take its total customer base to 9.72 million. About half were higher paying post-paid customers, 3.7 million pre-paid and just over 1 million were data-only mobile broadband customers. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:50 More Digital Life Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 02:17 Hands on with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Hands on with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Peter Wells takes a first look at Samsung's latest mobile device at its New York launch. Up Next Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:50 Video duration 00:50 Amazon sweeps US market for ... Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Amazon will claim the majority of the US market for voice-controlled speakers, which are capable of turning on the house lights, playing music, and ordering an Uber. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling emoji Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:05 Video duration 02:05 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling ... 'Fail Whale' creator announces dumpling emoji After making her name through designing Twitter's 'Fail Whale', Yiying Lu has bigger goals in sight: the world of emojis. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? Up Next US to ban electronic devices on many flights Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:03 Video duration 01:03 US to ban electronic devices on many ... US to ban electronic devices on many flights The White House confirms new restrictions on electronic devices carried by travelers to the US from 10 airports in response to unspecified terror threats. Up Next Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone Apple unveils new iPad and RED iPhone The company showed off its new iPad, an updated iPhone SE, and a very special edition of the iPhone 7. More videos Hands on with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Peter Wells takes a first look at Samsung's latest mobile device at its New York launch. Revenues for the final quarter of the year were up 1.6 per cent to $2.1 billion thanks to growth in NBN customers and higher equipment sales, but full-year revenues were 7.6 per cent lower at $8.4 billion due to regulatory changes, leading to a 12 per cent decline in profit to $794 million. Optus' share of NBN customers has increased 100 per cent in the past year to 228,000. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Optus chief executive Allen Lew.  Photo: Edwina Pickles Management said earnings were down because Optus had to cut prices to be competitive for enterprise customers, higher credit to customers for handsets bought through contracts, and increased content costs. Chief executive Allen Lew said the cost of securing the English Premier League rights made up the bulk of the increased content costs. The exclusive rights are reportedly costing Optus about $63 million annually. Advertisement Optus is fully owned by SingTel, which is listed on the Singapore sharemarket.  Revenue from enterprise services fell 3 per cent over the year to $1.52 million. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Optus emerged in November 2015 as the surprise exclusive rights holder for English Premier League soccer, but it has come at a price.  Photo: AP "The enterprise market is a very competitive one, and a lot of competition is coming from the smaller players," Mr Lew said.  "And the competition in enterprise is mainly in the basic call carriage products, primarily in the fixed business." Revenue from supplying fixed phone services to companies dropped 6 per cent.   "It is getting commoditised and competition is based on cost and a minimum service level. We have had to do some level of discounting. We don't disclose that publicly, but basically to retain the customers we have had to make some price adjustments," Mr Lew said. In the mobile space Optus' average revenue per user [ARPU], a key measuring tool in the mobile industry, is down nearly 20 per cent for both pre-paid and post-paid. Chief financial officer Murray King said the decline was due to more customers buying SIM-only plans, a trend happening across the industry as Australians hold on to phones for longer or buy them outright rather than through a multi-year contract. There was also some accounting treatments of handset repayment credits that dragged down the reported ARPU figures.   Meanwhile, sales of Apple iPhones increased following the disastrous release and then recall of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone. But Samsung's new Galaxy 8 phone has been "getting some traction", Mr Lew said. And NBN Co's slow rollout of its infrastructure in Optus' HFC areas means Optus has seen only a marginal decline in its HFC customers, from 454,000 to 447,000 over the past year. Nearly all its customers bundle their HFC-delivered internet with other services, making it a valuable customer base.  Mr Lew said most of NBN's HFC transfers had been on Telstra's infrastructure so far. Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Optus has best mobile customer growth in five years, but profit dips on EPL costs. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Senior ATO Executive To Be Charged ... Contains: External link The Australian Dream Is Toast Contains: External link Most Popular 'Twiggy' Forrest uses native title to defend the farm Trump crisis sends Wall Street tumbling CUB manager planned to 'shoot the s---' out of workers The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Online bettors punt on early end to Trump presidency Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Trump crisis sends Wall Street tumbling 'Twiggy' Forrest uses native title to defend the farm Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession 'Debris field' found in search for plane missing in Bermuda Triangle WA Today Perth survey reveals post boom blues are hitting WA hard Fremantle youngster granted 'indefinite leave' from club Dark side of the high life: Cottesloe's hidden health costs The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Man fined $900 for repeatedly masturbating at Northam school The Sydney Morning Herald 'You don't want to mess with us': AFP raid business in $165m fraud probe ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud The 25th Amendment solution to remove Donald Trump Prepare for commuter chaos as bus drivers hit back over 'outrageous attack' Surgeon gives evidence at inquiry into himself without knowing The Age ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Cheesed off: King Island wants to be part of Victoria Rolf Harris accuser reduced to tears in court Melbourne's beloved gorilla Mzuri dies in France Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Brisbane Times The Brisbane suburbs that will suffer 'extreme' temperature rises under infill Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee CCC warns public servants not to 'peek' at private information Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Queensland drug court could return, with alcohol also in the mix Canberra Times UC student couldn't believe lecturer would be 'so sleazy' ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee Canberra's great public service wage slump 'My dad rewrote his will just before he died of cancer' WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Govt clears 10 new nuclear reactors in big power push Amid student protests, J&K govt warns: Can’t take exams if low on attendance For ‘bribing’ tax official, Essar-linked trust is under CBI’s scrutiny Kolkata: Barkati sacked as Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Defamation suit against Arvind Kejriwal: Called Jaitley a crook on client’s instructions, says Jethmalani Home Technology Tech News Apple pressuring contractors in patent dispute, says Qualcomm Apple pressuring contractors in patent dispute, says Qualcomm Apple claims that Qualcomm is overcharging for patent-related license fees on iPhone sales, a point Qualcomm disputes. By: AP | New York | Published:May 18, 2017 10:20 am Qualcomm previously sued Apple accusing it of breaking contracts and interfering in deals negotiated with iPhone suppliers. (Source: AP) An escalating battle between Apple and Qualcomm over money and patent rights is drawing in Taiwanese contractors that assemble Apple’s iPhones. Apple claims that Qualcomm is overcharging for patent-related license fees on iPhone sales, a point Qualcomm disputes. Last month, Apple Inc began refusing to pay royalties until the courts determine how much it owes, a process that could take several years. According to a federal lawsuit Qualcomm filed Wednesday, Apple has also instructed its contractors to withhold those payments and has agreed to indemnify them for damages from any lawsuits. Qualcomm has separate licensing agreements with the contractors. Qualcomm’s lawsuit says those contractors are still paying royalties for non-Apple products. The lawsuit, filed in US District Court in San Diego, names Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, and its subsidiary, FIH Mobile Ltd, Pegatron Corp, Wistron Corp and Compal Electronics Inc. The companies make iPhones and iPads for Apple. Qualcomm previously sued Apple accusing it of breaking contracts and interfering in deals negotiated with iPhone suppliers. “As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms,” Qualcomm’s general counsel, Don Rosenberg, said in a statement. The case underscores the influence Apple wields over the companies that make its products and parts for them. Many contractors become dependent on Apple’s business; recently, British chipmaker Imagination Technologies’ stock took a dive after it announced that Apple plans to stop using its products. Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Its patents cover a wide range of technologies essential for 3G and LTE cellular communications — and hence iPhones and cellular models of iPads. Qualcomm says Apple is making unreasonable demands for licenses at below-market prices. Apple counters that Qualcomm has been abusing its power in the mobile chip market to charge for royalties on features that aren’t covered by its patents. Apple says Qualcomm’s technologies cover a small portion of what goes into iPhones, yet Qualcomm is seeking a percentage of iPhone sales. “They do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it’s one small part of what an iPhone is,” CEO Tim Cook said during a May 2 conference call with financial analysts. “It’s not — it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don’t think that’s right, and so we’re taking a principled stand on it.” The Cupertino, California, company isn’t alone in its accusations against Qualcomm. The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple Qualcomm No Comments. Best of Express For Anil Dave, work came first. Despite ill health, he spent long hours in office Army gets its first artillery guns three decades after Bofors, will be tested at Pokhran today Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: ICJ verdict today at 3.30 pm OpinionOn triple talaq, court must say: Religious practice cannot trump modern constitutional morality OpinionNobody owns planning, development functions in panchayat samitis, gram panchayats Buzzing Now EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 EntertainmentAnushka Shetty accepts that Prabhas is sexier than Rana Daggubati Entertainment'Reema Lagoo has gone so young': Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor's death TrendingReema Lagoo dead at 59; condolences pour in on Twitter TrendingIn heart-rending video, 13-year-old begged dad for money to treat cancer before death Top News Anil Dave was known for his work on conservation of Narmada river EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after cardiac arrest TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Defence experts demand consular access SportsSRH vs KKR: Knight Riders seal the deal in wee hours SportsBowlers set the game up for us: Gautam Gambhir LifestyleCannes 2017 red carpet: Deepika Padukone looks breathtaking in a Marchesa gown LifestyleCannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's first look in a red floral Johanna Ortiz backless gown TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more TechnologyZomato reports massive data breach, 17 million accounts affected May 18: Latest News ‘Reema Lagoo has gone so young’: Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor’s death Demonetisation: Kerala govt announces Rs 2 lakh relief for kin of those who died in queues Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts  Monaco wins first French league title in 17 years Most Read HBSE to declare Class 12 results on May 18, Class 10 results by May 20 Reema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 When Baahubali star Anushka Shetty agreed that Prabhas was sexier than Rana Daggubati. Watch video CBSE Class 10, 12 exams 2017: How and where to check results                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1464 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Source : By : Julia Love Last Updated: Thu, May 18, 2017 11:35 hrs Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company's artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple Inc’s  iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. What’s more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone’s camera, executives said. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company’s Android operating system -- long the cornerstone of Google's mobile strategy -- getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. “This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don’t see it for a couple years ... and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms,” Dawson said. “They need to put that functionality where users are.” The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company's own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com Inc  are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. "We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs." The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc , will be integrated as well. While Amazon’s Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. “Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services,” said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. “They really pushed that message hard.” SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27000.00 (-0.07%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27610.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27300.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27530.00 (0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26600.00 (0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27020.00 (-0.04%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Google IO 2017 at a glance: From Home speaker, Lens to Android Go, some of the new features seem… familiar Google IO 2017 at a glance: From Home speaker, Lens to Android Go, some of the new features seem… familiar Google announced a lot of new bells and whistles Wednesday - several of which, it turns out, are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. By: Associated Press | New York | Updated: May 18, 2017 10:10 AM Google added features to its internet-connected Home speaker – such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon’s Echo speaker, which was released earlier and so has had more time to acquire a wider range of abilities. (Reuters)g Google announced a lot of new bells and whistles Wednesday – several of which, it turns out, are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. At the event, Google showcased a number of ways they are working on to make Android even more useful, including a beta release of Android O and a new initiative to help bring Android to the next billion users. Reaching the next billions of users with a new initiative – Android Go: This is a new configuration of Android — an initiative for entry-level Android devices. The goal of Android Go is to get computing into the hands of more people by creating a great smartphone experience on all Android devices with 1GB or less of memory. These days, it’s not unusual to find tech giants and their plucky startup rivals copying each other’s tools and features – sometimes improving on them and sometimes just playing catch-up. ECHOING THE ECHO Google added features to its internet-connected Home speaker – such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon’s Echo speaker, which was released earlier and so has had more time to acquire a wider range of abilities. The new abilities announced Wednesday will also enable the Home speaker to control and interact with a variety of Whirlpool and Jenn-Air appliances later this year. For instance, you can ask the digital assistant within Home to turn on the dishwasher or set the temperature on the oven. This is already available on the Echo and other devices that use its Alexa assistant. YOUR SEEING EYE Google’s new Lens tool is the stuff of science fiction. It lets people point their camera at things to find out more information about them. So if you see a flower, you can point your camera at it to find out its name. (The same, sadly, cannot be said for strangers you meet in a bar yet, unless he or she is a celebrity you didn’t’ recognize.) Samsung is trying some of that with its new Bixby Vision feature on the Galaxy S8 phones. Pinterest has a similar tool too. Also called Lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Take a selfie, and you’ll get similar hairstyle and makeup ideas (even if you aren’t wearing any makeup). Also Read: Google challenges Apple’s Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone SLIMMING DOWN Though not a competitor, Google’s slimmed-down phone operating system aimed at cheap Android phones, called Go is reminiscent of Facebook’s own ”skinny” version, called Facebook Lite. Both are aimed at getting more people to use the company’s services, even if they live in developing countries and use cheap, older phones. MEETING SIRI ON HER TURF Google’s digital assistant is hoping to outsmart Siri on Apple’s iPhone. Google is releasing its voice-controlled assistant on a free app designed for iPhone’s operating system – basically competing with Apple’s assistant on her own turf. The move extends the potential reach of Google’s assistant, which debuted last fall on the company’s Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Siri has come as a built-in service on iPhones since 2011; Google’s assistant will require an app download. Both assistants can be summoned with a press of a button to answer questions, manage schedules and handle other routine tasks. Google believes its assistant can get people what they want more quickly because it draws upon the knowledge that the company has accumulated while running the world’s most popular search engine. Siri, though, might have something to say about that. Also Read: Google IO 2017: Search giant unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter PHOTO SHARING Google says new tools will encourage sharing of photos that you might have meant to share, but maybe forgot. Google Photos will be able to suggest which photos to share and whom to share them with – for example, if the person is in the photo. The company envisions a world in which amazing photos are no longer left on people’s phones because other pressing things in life got in the way. Facebook has been trying to address this issue as well with its Moments app, which lets people share photos with friends and family privately, without posting them to a wider audience.   No Comments. Don't Miss Reema Lagoo dead - From Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan to Madhuri Dixit, here's all you want to know about Bollywood's favourite 'mom' Anil Madhav Dave, public servant, amateur pilot, environmentalist: Know about the minister who passed away Zomato hacked: Database compromised, nearly 17 mn users' credentials stolen; credit card info safe Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence case ICJ verdict Live Updates: After presenting water-tight case at The Hague, India hopes for justice to be done Google I/O 2017: How Android Go will save memory & mobile data for your budget smartphone Google IO 2017: From Lens to Android Go, 5 cool features that will make your life much easier FMCG battle heats up: HUL plans these products to take on Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Nokia 3310 relaunch: Feature phones are not dead, it's too early to write an obituary Yogi Impact on UP's Real Estate: Homebuyers regaining confidence as developers, authorities swing into action IT job market crash: This advice from Bill Gates will make life easy for aspiring techies Business Gallery Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Flipkart sale today: Massive discounts available on Xiaomi redmi Note 4, Google Pixel, Moto G5 Plus, exchange offers on Apple iPhones Choicest pics from the Belt and Road Summit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News केंद्रीय वन एवं पर्यावरण मंत्री अनिल माधव दवे का दिल का दौरा पड़ने से निधन विधायक अशोक सिंह की हत्या मामले में RJD नेता प्रभुनाथ सिंह दोषी करार, 23 मई को सुनाई जाएगी सजा लालू ने किया सोनिया को फोन- मैडम, 27 को आइए, न आ पाएं तो प्रियंका को भेजिए, हम एक न हुए तो खत्म हो जाएंगे Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 18, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Apple to starts initial production of iPhone SE in Bengaluru this month The phones will be manufactured by Wistron, a Taiwanese OEM for Apple at Peenya in the cyber city. tech Updated: May 18, 2017 09:17 IST Press Trust of India Bengaluru The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California March 21.(REUTERS) US tech giant Apple Inc on Wednesday  said it is beginning initial production of a “small number” of ‘iPhone SE’ in Bengaluru and will start shipping to domestic customers this month. It will be the first time the smartphone maker will be assembling iPhones in India. “We are beginning initial production of a small number  of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and  powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” Apple said in Bengaluru. The Karnataka government had in February announced Apple Inc.’s proposal to commence initial manufacturing operations in Bengaluru. The phones will be manufactured by Wistron, a Taiwanese OEM for Apple at Peenya in the city. Karnataka IT minister Priyank Kharge had on March 30  said that Apple would be ready to start assembling high-end  iPhones in the city in less than a month to boost its chances  of gaining a foothold in the fast growing Indian market. Local manufacturing is expected to help Apple price its phones more competitively in India as it currently attracts additional duty on imports. Apple had asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. The company has been ramping up its efforts to expand  its business in India, one of its fastest growing markets. Apple is also keen on setting up retail presence in India and has sought relaxation in local sourcing norms. The company has also announced opening of ‘App  Accelerator’ in Bengaluru, an initiative that would provide  support to Indian developers and enable them transform the  design and performance of their apps on its mobile operating  system iOS. more from tech The WhatsApp-Facebook case will determine India’s online privacy laws May 17, 2017 17:44 IST Facebook to refund advertisers overcharged by a bug May 17, 2017 14:38 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs GST Council meet in Srinagar today to fix rates on goods, services May 18, 2017 09:20 IST Jammu’s famed gun makers not ready to bite the bullet yet May 18, 2017 09:01 IST Army to get new artillery guns this weekend, first since Bofors scandal in 1980s May 18, 2017 08:00 IST What internet ban? Kashmir politicians still lead a busy social media life May 18, 2017 08:01 IST While you were away: Top stories to bring you up to date May 18, 2017 07:45 IST Family of Maoist attack victims see red over ‘rewards’ to surrendered rebels May 18, 2017 07:38 IST Let’s talk about racism| Colour bias in India is colonial, not traditional May 18, 2017 07:31 IST 300,000 children migrated alone worldwide in 2 years, says UN May 18, 2017 08:47 IST US: Immigrant arrests soar under Donald Trump, fewer deported May 18, 2017 08:46 IST Deepika Padukone was a beauty at the Cannes day 1 red carpet. See the best pics... May 18, 2017 08:12 IST US extends Iran nuke sanctions relief, adds other sanctions May 18, 2017 00:06 IST Pakistan lodges protest with UN Military Observers against Indian ceasefire vio... May 18, 2017 00:02 IST No politician in history treated ‘more unfairly,’ Trump says May 17, 2017 23:58 IST Liberal Democrats to reinstate post-study work visa, hold another Brexit refere... May 17, 2017 22:54 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi 21-year-old Pune woman to undergo India’s first womb transplant May 18, 2017 09:18 IST Delhi gets its first AC bus stop, thanks to a marketing campaign May 18, 2017 09:14 IST No surprise for commuters: Mumbai’s railway stations not among India’s cleanest May 18, 2017 09:18 IST Denied RTE seat, 7-year-old rape survivor from Mumbai may have to drop out of s... May 18, 2017 08:55 IST Dental, ENT wards of KEM Hospital in Mumbai to be revamped May 18, 2017 00:42 IST 58 polytechnic diploma courses to shut in Maharashtra May 18, 2017 00:37 IST Farmers’ front alleges Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis and Opposition... May 18, 2017 00:28 IST Shiv Sena intensifies its attack on BJP in Maharashtra May 18, 2017 00:28 IST Charge sheet filed against TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar in Mumbai May 18, 2017 08:59 IST analysis columns editorials authors The WhatsApp-Facebook case will determine India’s online privacy laws May 17, 2017 17:44 IST Jyoti Singh and Bilkis Bano cases: Activism does impact language of judgements May 17, 2017 17:22 IST Trump’s soft-pedalling on Russia could be his undoing May 17, 2017 17:19 IST Kochi Metro’s transgender outreach is cause for cheer May 17, 2017 16:36 IST What drives Indians to be racist towards students from Africa May 17, 2017 16:13 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Real Madrid a draw away from La Liga title after win over Celta Vigo May 18, 2017 08:50 IST Sunrisers Hyderabad feel let down as rain plays truant in IPL 2017 playoff loss May 18, 2017 08:43 IST KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir’s gambit proves why he is the best brain in IPL 2017 May 18, 2017 02:11 IST New Zealand edge out Bangladesh by 4 wickets in tight tri-nation ODI clash May 18, 2017 01:04 IST IPL betting racket busted in south Delhi, four nabbed May 18, 2017 00:25 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Reema Lagoo, Bollywood’s favourite mom dies of cardiac arrest May 18, 2017 09:14 IST Deepika Padukone was a beauty at the Cannes day 1 red carpet. See the best pics... May 18, 2017 08:12 IST Sargoshiyan becomes first Bollywood film to premiere in Srinagar May 17, 2017 21:26 IST Sofia Hayat posts new pics from her third wedding, calls herself Allah Maa May 17, 2017 20:48 IST Aishwarya Rai Bachchan- Abhishek Bachchan reject Anurag Kashyap’s Gulab Jamun May 17, 2017 19:21 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Loneliness reason behind complaint of poor sleep among teenagers May 18, 2017 08:48 IST Just 2-week break from exercise routine may up risk of diabetes, heart disease:... May 17, 2017 21:39 IST Overweight postmenopausal women more at risk of breast cancer: Study May 17, 2017 21:09 IST Experts spill the beans on what kind of jewellery suits different face types May 17, 2017 20:59 IST Switch to low-glycemic foods like veggies and lentils to prevent age-related eye... May 17, 2017 20:48 IST Despite RBI caution, 2.5k Indians investing in Bitcoins daily May 17, 2017 19:14 IST Egypt eyes 50% rise in Indian tourist inflow at 1.2 lac in 2017 May 17, 2017 19:10 IST Iraq replaces Saudi Arabia as top oil supplier to India in April May 17, 2017 22:24 IST Hindustan Unilever Q4 net up 6% at Rs 1,183 cr May 17, 2017 18:46 IST German prosecutors formally probe Porsche SE execs May 17, 2017 17:59 IST EU starts legal action against Italy over Fiat Chrysler emissions May 17, 2017 17:53 IST JSW Steel Q4 profit triples as prices rebound May 17, 2017 17:35 IST Apple to starts initial production of iPhone SE in Bengaluru this month May 18, 2017 09:17 IST The WhatsApp-Facebook case will determine India’s online privacy laws May 17, 2017 17:44 IST Facebook to refund advertisers overcharged by a bug May 17, 2017 14:38 IST PayTM sold 40 kg gold through Digital Gold product in 2 months May 17, 2017 14:29 IST Google dedicates doodle to discovery of world’s 1st computer May 17, 2017 13:45 IST Apple to make under the hood upgrades to MacBook this WWDC May 17, 2017 15:40 IST Now Facebook lets you add those Snapchat-like camera filters on Instagram May 17, 2017 12:17 IST Full syllabus compulsory for Class 10 boards in Delhi’s govt schools: CBSE May 18, 2017 07:18 IST Wanted to drop out of school, Bharatpur labourer’s son scores 98% in Class 12 May 17, 2017 20:45 IST Open Days for admission to Delhi University to start from next Monday May 17, 2017 22:28 IST WBJEE 2017: OMR sheet images and machine read responses released May 17, 2017 18:12 IST Bihar Class 10 and 12 board exam results may be delayed again: Official May 17, 2017 17:52 IST Reviving the Narmada river: A story of faith and humanity May 18, 2017 09:01 IST Recalling Panchen Lama’s disappearance on this day in 1995 May 17, 2017 15:59 IST Light shower in Delhi brings much relief from oppressive heat May 17, 2017 22:17 IST Devotees throng temples on the occasion of Bada Mangal May 16, 2017 16:56 IST Maruti Suzuki launches all-new compact sedan Dzire May 16, 2017 19:24 IST Former Maoist’s daughter to represent India in volleyball tournament May 17, 2017 12:05 IST Postman Mobile App launched to track real-time delivery in West Bengal May 16, 2017 19:11 IST UP MLAs caught sleeping in Lok Bhawan May 16, 2017 15:21 IST Youth posts video of firing bullets in air, gets booked under Arms Act May 16, 2017 13:13 IST Shrine of Baba Badam Shah attracts devotees of all faiths May 16, 2017 11:57 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, May 18, 2017 As of 5:02 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology iPhone 8 could have Touch ID under an edge-to-edge display; Apple granted over 50 new patents By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on May 18 2017 2:18 PM 0 0 0 0 Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage to deliver his keynote address at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S. June 8, 2015. Reuters/Robert Galbraith Apple has been granted over 50 new patents, some of which could end up on the upcoming iPhone 8. The patents include a handy 3D scanner that could be used together with a motion-sensing input device, an edge-to-edge touch panel and a Touch ID that situates under the display. The US Patent and Trademark Office has officially awarded Apple a total of 56 new patents. One covers the bending of the edges of an electronic device’s touch panel for a bezel-less design. The iPhone 8 is expected to sport an edge-to-edge display, and this patent virtually seals the deal. One of the patents also involves an electronic device with a touch display and a possible finger biometric sensor. The sensor, which should be carried by the touch panel, could also come with a bunch of switchable transparent conductive blocking areas in the middle of the finger biometric sensing layer and at least one of the display’s translucent conductive layers. Apple can use the under-the-display Touch ID not only on its smartphone, but also its tablet and notebook line-up. The MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar uses the same enhancement. Another patent covers Apple’s means of optical radiation projection and capture, including the devices to use it for. This, for the most part, centres on optical 3D mapping. The patent involves a portable Kinect-like system that could allow users to interact with the videos or games being played on their machines. Patently Apple notes that the California-based tech titan puts an emphasis on the scanner technology’s technical side instead of the invention’s marketing side. The new Apple patents were granted on the same day that new renders of the alleged iPhone 8 made rounds. The upcoming handset is highly anticipated since this year marks the iconic smartphone’s tenth year anniversary. Fans expect the next iPhone to be packed with new features never before seen in previous models. The iPhone 8 is reportedly right on schedule, with production likely initiating in time for a September announcement. Apple is expected to start selling new units of its iconic smartphone in October. The handset is anticipated to have as many as 80 million to 110 million shipments in the latter part of 2017. The new 64 GB iPhone could carry a projected US$850 (AU$1,145) price tag while the 126 GB model may go for US$1,000 (AU$1,350). The 256 GB variant of the Apple iPhone 8 is projected to sell for US$1,100 (AU$1,485). RELATED STORIES: Apple MacBook 2017 models to be announced in June; Air notebook could get a surprise upgrade Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus: Battery performance review and comparison [VIDEO] Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Apple is now the world’s top smartphone, tablet and wearables vendor Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy 0 Shares 2 Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility 0 Shares 3 This company is giving away a free 'Outlander' tour 0 Shares 4 ‘Designated Survivor’ Season 2 confirmed 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Better than first two seasons’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Fergus at beach and Governor’s house 0 Shares 8 ‘Prison Break’ Season 5: Sarah Wayne Callies opens up on Michael 0 Shares 9 SolarCity CEO quits; Cash-heavy competitors pose threat to Tesla 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5 will blow socks off; Filming all wrapped up 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Microsoft says WannaCry ransomware must be a wake-up call for governments Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kaepernick, RG3 may be suiting up next season after all WWE Extreme Rules to determine Brock Lesnar’s first Universal title opponent Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez singles out inconsistencies in Aaron Hernandez suicide Celtics vs Wizards Game 7 live stream: 2017 NBA Playoffs live streaming, preview, start time Lakers Trade News: Teams calling about D'Angelo Russell after NBA Draft Lottery 2017 NBA Draft Lottery live stream: How it works, odds of Lakers losing Top-3 pick More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Famed Nintendo titles ‘Legend of Zelda’ and ‘Pokemon’ getting mobile version soon Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thu, May 18, 2017 | Updated 09.01 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Move on Android, Google has a 'new focus' Google CEO Sundar Pichai reinforces company's AI ambitions Apple's 'Made-in-India' iPhones to hit stores this month Apple Siri gets 'company' from Google on iPhones HTC U 11 becomes the first smartphone to support 1Gbps speeds on Sprint Google I/O 2017: Android Go and other key highlights 'Android for first time internet users poised to grow' Google I/O 2017: Android Go launched for countries with low data connectivity Google I/O 2017: Lens, updates to Google Home, Photos and more announced Facebook to use BSNL's backhaul bandwidth for its Express Wi-Fi service FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Infographics Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » Move on Android, Google has a 'new focus' Move on Android, Google has a 'new focus' Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google's annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system.Reuters | Updated: May 18, 2017, 08.59 AM IST Only six of Google's earliest employees still work at the internet giant -- and these include co-founders Larr... Read More Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google's annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. View As Photolist » Meet Google's first 19 employees 120 Meet Google's first 19 employees Only six of Google's earliest employees still work at the internet giant -- and these include co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin. Some early Google employees have gone on to become entrepreneurs, others angel investors, and a lucky few have gone on to become top executives at other tech companies. A few are happily retired. In 2015, a Quora user compiled a list of all the original Googlers and where there careers have taken them. Of the first 21 employees, only six are still at the company. Here is what's become of the first 19 employees since launching their careers at Google. Marissa Mayer Marissa Mayer joined Google as a software engineer. Now she is the CEO of Yahoo. Employed by Google from: June 1999 - July 2012 Most recent position at Google: VP, Local, Maps & Location Services Kendra DiGirolamo Kendra DiGirolamo joined Google as an ad sales coordinator and left three years before the IPO. Now she's at Driscoll's. Employed by Google from: June 1999 - May 2001 Most recent position at Google: Advertising Sales Coordinator Jim Reese Jim Reese was a former engineer at Google. He was once knocked out by a 200-pound metal beam in Google's leased data center. Employed by Google from: 1999 - 2005 Most recent position at Google: Chief Operations Engineer (and "Head Neurosurgeon" — he was a physician before coming to Google and jokes on his LinkedIn that he performed frontal lobotomies on Thursday mornings only). Current Company/Position: Board member for Spark Program and an advisory board member of Harvard Medical School's Department of Biomedical Informatics. Gerald Aigner Gerald Aigner was brought in to manage Google's supply costs. Now, he's in London being an "internet professional." Employed by Google from: 1999 - 2006 Most recent position at Google: Aigner was a member of Google's senior staff, according to his LinkedIn page. Specifically, he was in charge of the data center and internet/leased line negotiations, hardware design and purchasing, hardware and network monitoring, and performance optimizations. Aigner also founded Google's Zurich office in 2004. Current Company/Position: Aigner now lists himself as an "Independent Internet Professional" based in London on his LinkedIn profile. He is also listed as an advisor for Maxeler Technologies, a London-based computer support company where he is "exploring renewable energy and wireless technologies," and is the cofounder and chairman of MeshPower, a company that makes solar-powered nanogrids. Susan Wojcicki Susan Wojcicki is still at Google. She became CEO of YouTube in 2014. Employed by Google from: April 1999 - present Wojcicki was Google's 16th employee and she followed Google's ninth employee, Salar Kamangar, as YouTube CEO. In 1998, before she even started working for the company, Wojcicki and her husband rented out their garage and several rooms to the fledgling Google team for $1,700 a month. Current position at Google: CEO of YouTube as of early 2014 (previously, she was SVP of products and commerce, then SVP of YouTube). Joan Braddi Joan Braddi runs product partnerships for Google. Employed by Google from: 1999 - present Braddi is currently Google's VP of product partnerships and serves on the board of biochemistry startup Profusa. Current position at Google: Braddi was VP of search services at Google; now she is VP of product partnerships. Chris Skarakis Chris Skarakis led Google's business development until May 2005. Now he is the founder of Blip.fm and he's on the board of Kanye West's Foundation. Employed by Google from: May 1999 - May 2005 Most recent position at Google: Director of Business Development Current Company/Position: Skarakis is currently the founder of Blip.fm. He's also on the board of directors for Kanye West Foundation, Friends of Palo Alto Junior Museum, Project Noise, and Zoon and Little Kids Rock Rachael Chambers Rachael Chambers left her job at Netscape to join Google. Employed by Google from: May 1999 - October 2000 Most recent position at Google: Hired as an executive assistant; left as an ad sales coordinator. Current Company/Position: Chambers currently serves as a strategy and planning manager at Cisco. Prior to that, she was a program manager for Cisco on Cisco Customer Strategy and Success. Steve Schimmel Steve Schimmel also did business development for Google and was the company's 13th employee. Now he is "temporarily retired" and angel investing. Employed by Google from: 1999 - 2004 Most recent position at Google: Business development Current Company/Position: Angel investor, "temporarily retired" entrepreneur/dad. His startup investments include BackOps, Crowdrise, Roozt and Guide. Omid Kordestani Omid Kordestani worked at Google for nearly 16 years before leaving to join Twitter. Employed by Google from: January 1999 - August 2015 Most recent position at Google: Chief business officer, senior advisor Current Company/Position: Kordestani left Google in October 2015 to join Twitter as executive chairman. He bought nearly $2 million worth of Twitter stock earlier this year. Salar Kamangar Salar Kamangar is still at Google. He's senior VP of YouTube and Video. Employed by Google from: 1999 - present Current position at Google: SVP of products for YouTube. He was CEO of YouTube and Video until Susan Wojcicki took over in February 2014. Georges Harik Georges Harik joined Google as a software engineer and was one of three members on Google's initial engineering hiring committee. Now he's an angel investor, Google Ventures adviser, and the founder of a startup, imo.im. Employed by Google from: 1999 - 2005 Most recent position at Google: Product management director. Harik was one of Google's first 10 employees and was responsible for product and strategy around Gmail, Google Talk, Google Video, Picasa, and more. He was also behind AdSense and the AdWords Online system. Current Company/Position: Founder of imo.im; cofounder of hslabs; angel investor. He's also an adviser to Google Ventures. Urs Hölzle Urs Hölzle remains at Google. He's senior VP of technical infrastructure. Employed by Google from: 1999 - present Current position at Google: SVP of technical infrastructure, meaning that he oversees the design, installation, and operation of Google's servers, networks, and data centers. Before he joined Google in 1999, Holzle was a computer science professor at the UC Santa Barbara. Harry Cheung Harry Cheung was an original Google engineer. Now he's an angel investor in startups like Caviar, Qwiki and Badgeville. Employed by Google from: January 1999 - December 2004 Most recent position at Google: Engineer. His nickname used to be Harry "Spider-Man" Cheung because he was a "crawl" engineering, monitoring the progress of Google's spiders as they indexed the web. Current Company/Position: Angel investor in startups including Caviar, Qwiki, Badgeville and PrePay and founder of Roostify, a home-lending startup. He also likes to race Ferraris. Ray Sidney Ray Sidney was a software engineer at Google who left 18 months before the IPO. Employed by Google from: January 1999 - March 2003 — He left about 18 months before the IPO, which made him quite wealthy. Most recent position at Google: Software engineer Current Company/Position: Owner of Big George Ventures, a sustainable real estate developer. He's also a triathlete, an amateur pilot, and has donated $1 million to help launch a public bus service near Lake Tahoe, according to CNET. Heather Cairns Heather Cairns was an HR manager at Google. Now she's happily retired, dabbling in angel investing, and running a real estate development firm. Employed by Google from: 1998 - 2005 Most recent position at Google: HR manager. She hired Google's first 200 employees. Current Company/Position: Angel investor who provides funding for women-led companies that are pursuing social ventures. Her LinkedIn also lists her as the president of Coastal Streets, a small real estate development company in Massachusetts. Craig Silverstein Craig Silverstein was Larry and Sergey's first hire. He left in 2012 to join the education startup Khan Academy. Employed by Google from: 1998 - 2012 Most recent position at Google: Various projects, including mentoring engineers and serving as technology director. As Google's third employee, he helped actually build the search engine. Current Company/Position: Dean of Infrastructure at Khan Academy Sergey Brin Sergey Brin is a cofounder of Google and serves as the president of Google parent company, Alphabet. Employed by Google from: 1998 - present Current position at Google: Besides any cofounder duties, Sergey Brin was overseeing Google X, the company's "moonshot factory," until Google's reorganization in August 2015. Now, Brin is Alphabet's president. Larry Page Larry Page is the cofounder of Google and CEO of Alphabet. Employed by Google from: 1998 - present Current position at Google: Cofounder of Google and CEO of Google's parent company, Alphabet. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company's artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple Inc's iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. What's more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone's camera, executives said. Google I/O 2017: Android Go and other key highlights The company brought new features in Google Assistant and Google Home, Google Photos, Gmail and YouTube and launched Android Go as well. Here are the key highlights from the event. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company's Android operating system -- long the cornerstone of Google's mobile strategy -- getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. "This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don't see it for a couple years ... and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms," Dawson said. "They need to put that functionality where users are." The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company's own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google CEO Sundar Pichai reinforces company's AI ambitions MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.- Google's computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com Inc are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. "We've been using voice as an input across many of our products. We've had significant breakthroughs." The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. Apple Siri gets 'company' from Google on iPhones Google announced Wednesday it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc, will be integrated as well. While Amazon's Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. "Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services," said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. "They really pushed that message hard." See Also Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar Grey)₹ 10999 BUY NOW Moto G5 (3 GB, Fine Gold)₹ 10999 BUY NOW Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (White, 32 GB)₹ 14349 BUY NOW Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox[Change Setting] Connect with us FOLLOWERS1.5m FOLLOWERS250k FOLLOWERS35k RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Sponsored: In the store Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7240 BUY Samsung On7 Pro (Gold)₹ 8740 BUY Redmi 4A (Gold, 16GB)₹ 5999 BUY OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM + 64GB memory)₹ 29999 BUY Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB)₹ 8199 BUY Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)₹ 7999 BUY Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar Grey)₹ 10999 BUY Honor 6X (Grey, 64GB)₹ 14999 BUY Honor 6X (Grey, 32GB)₹ 10999 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Black)₹ 7240 BUY Latest News Google CEO Sundar Pichai reinforces company's AI ambitions Apple's 'Made-in-India' iPhones to hit stores this month Apple Siri gets 'company' from Google on iPhones HTC U 11 becomes the first smartphone to support 1Gbps speeds on Sprint GADGETS NOW SHOP From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Read moreMicrosoftJackdaw ResearchGoogleApple IncAppleandroidAmazon Most Popular Cognizant to fired employees: Take nine months salary and leave on good terms 95% engineers in India unfit for software development jobs, claims report JioFiber Preview Offer with three months free service coming in June: Report Wipro sacks 600 employees on 'performance grounds' 16-yr-old US boy's tweet breaks world record Cognizant employees up in arms as news of more layoffs spreads H-1B visas: How about banning Facebook and Google, asks Airtel chairman Sunil Mittal Donald Trump's H-1B visa order: Assocham warns of job cuts at Indian IT companies Cisco buys Indian-origin CEO led company Viptela for $610 million Apple iPhone 5s, iPhone SE set to get big price cuts in India Google CEO Sundar Pichai reinforces company's AI ambitions Apple's 'Made-in-India' iPhones to hit stores this month Apple Siri gets 'company' from Google on iPhones HTC U 11 becomes the first smartphone to support 1Gbps speeds on Sprint Google I/O 2017: Android Go and other key highlights 'Android for first time internet users poised to grow' Google I/O 2017: Android Go launched for countries with low data connectivity Google I/O 2017: Lens, updates to Google Home, Photos and more announced Facebook to use BSNL's backhaul bandwidth for its Express Wi-Fi service 1Move on Android, Google has a 'new focus' 2Google CEO Sundar Pichai reinforces company's AI ambitions 3Apple's 'Made-in-India' iPhones to hit stores this month 4Apple Siri gets 'company' from Google on iPhones 5HTC U 11 becomes the first smartphone to support 1Gbps speeds on Sprint 6Google I/O 2017: Android Go and other key highlights 7'Android for first time internet users poised to grow' 8Google I/O 2017: Android Go launched for countries with low data connectivity 9Google I/O 2017: Lens, updates to Google Home, Photos and more announced 10Facebook to use BSNL's backhaul bandwidth for its Express Wi-Fi service GADGETS NOW About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Privacy policy Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oneplus 3T Moto G4 Plus Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 Moto G4 Plus Nokia 6 Upcoming Mobiles Oppo A77 ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade X Max Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Samsung Galaxy C10 Plus Samsung Galaxy C10 Nubia Z17 Huawei Y7 Huawei Y3 2017 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Asus Zenfone 4 Max Xiaomi Redmi 4 32GB Coolpad Cool Play 6 Sony Xperia X Ultra Samsung Z4 Asus Zenfone Zoom S Asus Zenfone Go ZB500KG Lava KKT Uno 2 Samsung Galaxy J3 Prime Ziox Astra Colors 4G Moto Z2 Play ZTE Axon 7s Meizu E2 64GB ZTE Blade Max 3 Latest Mobiles LG G6 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Nokia 3310 Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Trending Stories Nokia 3310 New 2017 Google I/O 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Apple iphone 7 Red Google Areo Flipkart acquires EBay Trending Topics H-1B Visa Airtel Reliance Jio Samsung S8 Launch Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone Apple Starts iPhone SE Production in India; To Hit Stores as Early as This Week By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 18, 2017 11:52 AM A few months back, Apple announced that it will be starting a manufacturing plant in India with Winstron, one of its contractors. Now, the company has announced that the aforementioned plant is now up and running. Furthermore, it also said that the first iPhone SE units produced in the said plant will hit stores within a week. According to The Wall Street Journal, Apple’s Bangalore plant has started producing the first iPhone SEs that are made in India. These phones will be sold locally as a way of gaining access to the Indian mobile phone market. However, it is still unknown at what price point Apple would sell the iPhone SE in the local market. Nevertheless, buyers can expect that phone to fetch a bit lower than the ones sold in the U.S. The Indian government has asked Apple to maintain a competitive price for its products in India. This is due to the fact that average mobile phone price in the country is somewhere around $150. Unfortunately, there is no way that Apple will drop its price this low, especially if it wants to protect it profit in the long run. iPhone SE (via apple.com) On the other hand, the government hopes that the price difference would around $100 compared to the rest of the market. In addition to the manufacturing facility, Apple is also planning on starting up its own stores all over the country. The company expects to bridge the supply itself instead of relying on its authorized resellers. At the moment, it is still unknown if it is only the iPhone SE that will be produced in the India factory. Nevertheless, the model mentioned is probably just the start for the new Apple plant. It could very well be that other iPhone models like the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be manufactured in the said plant, albeit in smaller volumes. As for other products, the question remains that same. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Nokia 9 Major Leak On A Nokia Introduction Video: Specs, Design Hinted Apple Starts iPhone SE Production in India; To Hit Stores as Early as This Week May 18th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone SE India manufacturing, iPhone SE release date Share Tweet Share Share Email Product Super Rude Bear Resurrection NVidia GTX 1070 Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Razer Blade Stealth Ninite Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Star Ocean: Till The End Of Time Is The Most Expensive PS2-On-PS4 Game Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 Nintendo Switch Version Has Motion Control Support Fallout 5 News, Release Date: No New Vegas 2 or New Orleans on E3 2017 – Here’s What Bethesda Has In Store Instead Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Destiny 2 Leak: Game Runs At 60fps On PS4, Xbox One, And PC [Rumor] Leaked details recently surfaced that the upcoming Destiny 2 will run at a smooth... Overwatch Anniversary Brings More Than Event-Related Content Blizzard might’ve made fans nervous by confirming the anniversary event by Overwatch at this... Injustice 2 DLC: Darkseid And Fighter Pack 1 Available Now Fans that didn’t pre-order NetherRealms’ fighting game are in luck, as the studio’s Injustice... Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date By March 2018, E3 2017 Reveal Teased By Ubisoft Ubisoft is readying big things this year as the publisher’s studios are developing several... Friday the 13th Game: Main Differences From Dead By Daylight Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game has repeatedly been compared with Behavior Interactive’s Dead... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard iPhone 7 Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers MacBook Pro 2017 with Intel Kaby Lake Coming Next Month By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 18, 2017 12:05 PM When Apple released the MacBook Pro 2016 last October, many were devastated. MacBook Pro aficionados did not like the decision that Apple took to have a Skylake chip running under the hood of the new laptop. This decision probably prevented many Mac users to upgrade to the new 2016 model of the MacBook Pro. However, it seems like the moment that everybody is waiting for is finally coming very soon. Rumor has it that Apple might launch the updated MacBook Pro as early as next month. According to Bloomberg, Apple is expected to release a slew of hardware products during the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, CA. The event, which is normally used for software-related announcements, will be held from June 5 to 9. Among the products to be unveiled is the MacBook Pro 2017. While the new laptop will not include any aesthetic changes, most of the updates will happen inside. Chief of which is the change from Skylake to Kaby Lake processors from Intel. MacBook Pro 2016 (via apple.com) In addition to the MacBook Pro, the event will also introduce a new MacBook as well as the MacBook Air. This would probably come as a surprise to everyone as Apple somewhat alienated the MacBook Air last year when it released the MacBook Pro. At the time, the company wanted consumers to choose the basic MacBook Pro as a replacement for the ultra-light laptop. However, it only led to more orders for the MacBook Air. So, instead of getting rid of the model altogether, it has decided to thrown in a few upgrades to the MacBook Air as well. As mentioned, readers should note that the upgrades will not be anything major. The most that Apple will do is update the processor and memory across its range of laptops. The only reason that Apple is releasing upgraded MacBooks is to regain interests in response to increasing demands for Microsoft products. Also, Apple wants consumers to realize that the company is still invested in its range of computer products. For more updates on the MacBook Pro 2017, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: iPad Mini No More: Apple Reported to Discontinue iPad Mini in Favour of Redesigned iPad Pro MacBook Pro 2017 with Intel Kaby Lake Coming Next Month May 18th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you MacBook Air 2017 News: Apple Not Ready To Give Up On Mac Air Just Yet Nokia 9 Major Leak On A Nokia Introduction Video: Specs, Design Hinted AMD to Release Three Enthusiast AMD RX Vega Graphics Card Next Month Product Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition NVidia GTX 1070 Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) Overwatch SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad Razer Blade Stealth About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Asia’s Next Top Model 2017 Winner: Clues On Who Might Have Won Injustice 2: How To Get Nightwing Star Ocean: Till The End Of Time Is The Most Expensive PS2-On-PS4 Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Destiny 2 Leak: Game Runs At 60fps On PS4, Xbox One, And PC [Rumor] Leaked details recently surfaced that the upcoming Destiny 2 will run at a smooth... Overwatch Anniversary Brings More Than Event-Related Content Blizzard might’ve made fans nervous by confirming the anniversary event by Overwatch at this... Injustice 2 DLC: Darkseid And Fighter Pack 1 Available Now Fans that didn’t pre-order NetherRealms’ fighting game are in luck, as the studio’s Injustice... Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date By March 2018, E3 2017 Reveal Teased By Ubisoft Ubisoft is readying big things this year as the publisher’s studios are developing several... Friday the 13th Game: Main Differences From Dead By Daylight Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game has repeatedly been compared with Behavior Interactive’s Dead... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard iPhone 7 Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple Began To Assemble iPhones In India Apple Began To Assemble iPhones In India Home » Apple » Apple Began To Assemble iPhones In India Posted By Jane Danes on May 17, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https:apple.com It’s been confirmed to The Wall Street Journal that Apple has begun to assemble its cheapest iPhone in India. The iPhone SE is being assembled by Wilstron, which is a Taiwanese contractor with a facility in Bengaluru. It’ll start shipping the handsets to customers in India this month. In an official statement, Apple said: “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month.” This is a significant move for the iPhone company that wants to set up itself in the Indian market. It might help boost its growth as the iPhone business is starting to slow down. Unfortunately, the company will have to face different obstacles if it wanted to succeed in the said country. According to the Indian law, Apple has to obtain 30 percent of its components locally. Furthermore, the iPhone prices must go down. In India, the average smartphone price is $155. But the starting price of iPhone SE is $399. The main manufacturers of phones in India are Chinese companies. They hold 50 percent of smartphone sales. Samsung controls over a quarter of the Indian market. Unfortunately, Apple has only two percent of the share. By assembling its handset in India, it’ll meet some of the local sourcing requirements of the Indian law. This decision of Apple would be valuable to the country’s Prime Minister who wants to have more local manufacturing jobs in his country. For Apple, reducing its iPhone price is a challenging proposition. Currently, it’s being sold at $320 in India. However, with this latest move, the price might drop to $100. By bringing its iPhone price down to at least $250, it would make the handset more affordable. However, it’ll still be above the average price of a smartphone in India. If it does choose to bring the price down aggressively, it could sell a significant number of iPhones. Government officials are also seeking more production of iPhone in India. They’re also hoping that the company would manufacture other iPhones there, instead of focusing on iPhone SE. The country may grant the company more resources for its manufacturers so it could expand its operations in India. Meanwhile, Apple will open its first store in Singapore this May. On May 27, its Apple Orchard Road Store located at Knightsbridge Mall will be available at 10 am. It’ll be open from 10 am to 10 pm, Mondays to Sundays. During the opening of the said first store, the company will provide a series of programs, such as an acoustic performance by Sezairi Sezali, an Idol winner. On the following day, a photo walk will be conducted by Chia Air Beng, a local photographer. This opening was supposed to happen last year, but it’s being postponed to January 30, 2017. Now, it’s finally going to happen. The first brick-and-mortar store in the country will finally open. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Instagram Adds Face Filters – Another Snapchat Feature May 16, 2017 Facebook Group admins can now screen prospective members through questionnaires May 13, 2017 Facebook rolls out cards, stickers and flowers to celebrate Mother’s Day May 12, 2017 Twitter Explains How Tweet Ranking Algorithm Works May 11, 2017 Facebook Will Penalize Spammy, Low-Quality Web Pages May 10, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर�?स�?टपोस�?ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Apple Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India By IANS /  18 May 2017 , 08:17 #Apple Getty Images In a bid to gain foothold in the fast-growing Indian smartphone market, Apple on Wednesday announced commencement of initial production of its popular iPhone SE model at its Bengaluru facility. “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” Apple told IANS in an email. IANS also learnt that to begin with, it will be a trial run with small quantities of iPhone SE units being assembled at the facility. Apple has begun assembling iPhone SE models with Wistron Corporation, its Taiwanese manufacturing partner. In February, Karnataka’s Minister of State for IT Priyank Kharge had said that Apple plans to make its iPhones in Bengaluru. “An Apple team discussed with us its proposal to set up a plant in Bengaluru to make iPhones for the Indian and global markets,” said Kharge. The Apple team, led by iPhone Operations Vice-President Priya Balasubramaniam, Government Affairs Head Ali Khanafer, iPhone Operations Director Dheeraj Chugh and Country Counsel Priyesh Povanna had discussed the proposals with the state officials in the presence of the minister. According to latest data from consumer knowledge and insights firm Kantar Worldpanel, India is a key country for Apple moving forward. “Apple accounted for 3 percent of sales in the most recent period but has recently made several strategic moves in India, including teaming up with Reliance Jio to offer free 4G service for one year to purchasers of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also planning to manufacture iPhones in India in the near future to deflect some of the high import taxes that make iPhones inaccessible to many Indian buyers,” the report stated. Apple iPhone 5S has also emerged as the top premium smartphone in seven states while other versions of iOS-driven devices occupy the top five premium spots in non-metro states. Apple has been eyeing India for a greater pie of its growing smartphones market. According to the latest data from IDC, Samsung leads in the market with a 28.1 percent share, followed by Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi, Vivo, Lenovo and Oppo. Publish date: May 18, 2017 8:17 am| Modified date: May 18, 2017 8:17 am Tags: Apple, Bengaluru, iOS, iPhone, Make In India, Wistron Also read The soon to be opened Apple Park facility is as meticulously crafted as an Apple device WWDC 2017: Apple’s laptop range may get hardware upgrades to keep up with Microsoft’s Surface laptops X Recommended For You Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done WWDC 2017: Apple’s laptop range may get hardware upgrades to keep up with Microsoft’s Surface laptops The soon to be opened Apple Park facility is as meticulously crafted as an Apple device Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #WhatsApp May 18, 2017 Court accepts double blue ticks on WhatsApp as proof of receipt of legal notice #Google May 18, 2017 Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Computers in the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat infected by the WannaCry Ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 SBI clarifies that all its ATMs are functional and not affected by the WannaCry ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Chinese state media says US should take some blame for the WannaCry ransomware attack SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Tim Cook calls accessibility a ‘core value of Apple’ as he sits down for trio of interviews in honor of GAAD Chance Miller - May. 17th 2017 7:49 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Tim Cook View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, Tim Cook invited a trio of YouTubers to Apple’s campus. For instance, YouTuber Rikki Poynter sat down with Cook to discuss Accessibility and Apple’s role in that area. For those unfamiliar, Poynter is a 25-year-old deaf YouTuber who started out with a focus on beauty products but has since switched to advocacy for closed captioning, signing, and the deaf culture. In her sit-down with Tim Cook, Poynter discusses the Apple products she uses, why Apple cares about accessibility, and more. Additionally, Tim Cook sat down with blind YouTuber James Rath, and Accessible Hollywood… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Cook opened the interview with Poynter by asking about the Apple products she uses, which she says include the iPhone, MacBook, iPad, and Apple Watch, which she has just recently started incorporating into her lifestyle. From there, Poynter tells Cook a bit more about her YouTube background and efforts in closed captioning awareness. After hearing about Poynter’s struggles with finding captioned videos, Cook asks if she’s tried Apple’s new Clips app at all, because it has support for auto-captioning videos. She explains that she’s really impressed with how the app works for captioning, though she says it has difficulty understanding her due to her deaf accent. Poynter then asks Cook why Apple cares about accessibility, to which he responds by saying that Apple believes accessibility is a human right: Apple is founded on giving people power to create things, to do things they couldn’t do without those tools. We’ve always viewed accessibility as a human right, and just like human rights are for everyone, we want our products to be accessible to everyone. It’s a basic core value of Apple. We don’t make products for a particular group of people; we make products for everybody. We feel very strongly that everyone deserves an equal opportunity and equal access. We don’t look at this thing for a return on investment. I’ve been asked that before and the answer is no. We don’t care about that. A lot of these Accessibility features, everyone can use. With HomeKit, I use HomeKit every day and control my house with my voice. It’s a basic core value of Apple. The Accessible Hollywood interview was actually shot entirely using Clips and focuses on similar topics, including Apple Watch and Apple’s iOS Accessibility features. In the sit-down with James Rather, Cook again calls accessibility a basic human right, while also noting of the security and privacy focus employed by Apple. Apple last night released a series of videos in honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, focused on how users with disabilities use Apple products every day. Watch Tim Cook’s sit-down conversations in honor of GAAD below. Thanks @JamesRath @PintSzDiva @RikkiPoynter for visiting Apple for #GAAD! Great conversations about the importance of accessibility. pic.twitter.com/APg8J3LRvY — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 18, 2017 Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple starts making iPhones in India with the first batch of iPhone SE Apple starts making iPhones in India with the first batch of iPhone SE Apple starts manufacturing iPhones in India By: Abhinaya Prabhu Published: Thursday, May 18, 2017, 7:45 [IST] Since the past few months, we have been hearing that Apple is trying hard to open a manufacturing unit in India to assemble its cheaper model - iPhone SE. In March, it was said that Apple is gearing up to start producing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S in the country, but nothing happened till date. The latest information is that Apple has completed the first trial run of a batch of the iPhone SE units in the country. It is believed that the company can bring down the cost of the iPhones by Rs. 6,400 by making them in India. The reason for this reduction in the price tag is that there will not have the import taxes. Eventually, the price of the iPhone SE will be below $250 (approx. Rs. 16,000). Also read: Apple to directly sell locally assembled iPhone SE via its online store The project of Make in India will help Apple sell more iPhones at a lesser price in the country. It will increase the chance of Indian consumers buying the company's offerings. Apple resorted to making iPhones in India as the expensive smartphones are unobtainable for the buyers in the country due to the high import charges. This is evident as the company has only a meager share in the country's massive mobile market. Also read: Apple's iPhone SE at Rs. 19,999 in India The project is in works since a year and is backed by the country's Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The Make in India program aims to stimulate the progress of several industries in the country. Going by the claim of the government officials, Apple might look forward to expand its operations in the country and make more iPhones over here. The company is said to be open for this kind of discussions. For now, these models of iPhone SE those are made in India are meant to be sold only within the country. There is no word on whether these phones will be sold on globally. Source Apple iPhone SE 20,001 Specs Competitors Images +5 Read More About apple | iphone se | iphones | smartphones | mobiles | news Other articles published on May 18, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Apple iPad Mini lineup to be ended soon Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) press render leaks: Full specs and price are out Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) sale debuts today at Rs. 11,999; bundles free Airtel 4G data for 1 year Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Sony Xperia XZ Premium with Motion Eye camera now available in China Micromax emerges as the second largest handset brand in Russia Google Photos has 500 million users; gets 3 new sharing features Asus ZenFone AR, the new Tango phone coming soon BSNL signs MOU with Facebook and MobiKwik Purported Moto Z2 leaks again tipping launch date is getting closer Gmail app gets Smart Reply option; Save time with this new feature Honor 8 Lite review List of best puzzle games to challenge your brain Huawei’s Kirin 970 Chip built on 10nm process leaked once again Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 16 AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple Pay officially rolling out in Italy with support from 3 banks Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 6:22 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Pay has officially gone live in Italy today, as earlier rumors had anticipated. As the clock has already turned to Wednesday in the country, users are now able to add their credit and debit cards to the mobile payment platform and pay in-app, online, and in store using their Apple devices. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover In Italy, Apple Pay is supported by three banks: Boon, Carrefour Banca, and UniCredit. MasterCard and Visa credit and debit cards are supported. Apple Pay has slowly been expanding to new countries around the globe. Earlier this year, the service came to Ireland and Taiwan, while the service has also continued to expand to new banks and credit unions in the United States. Apple Pay’s launch in Italy doesn’t necessarily come as a surprise. There have been numerous hints over recent months indicating the launch. For instance, in February, Apple Pay documentation went live in Italy. Here’s how to add cards to Apple Pay: On the iPhone, just head to the Wallet app on iOS 9 or later and tap the plus (+) icon in the top right corner to begin, then follow the prompts. To add a debit card to the Apple Watch, go to the Apple Watch app on iPhone and look for the Wallet & Apple Pay section, then Add Credit or Debit Card section. iPads with Touch ID can use Apple Pay in apps; go to Settings then Wallet & Apple Pay to add your card there. Apple Pay works with the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus; all Apple Watches; iPad mini 4, iPad Air 2, and both iPad Pro models. Macs can also use Apple Pay with macOS Sierra. Are you an Apple user in Italy? If so, let us know how Apple Pay is working for you down in the comments. If you don’t see it yet, keep checking as it’s just now starting to roll out. Apple Pay Italy 🇮🇹 #applepay pic.twitter.com/wbL0eRHYVv — ｈｅｉｓｃｒｉｓｔｈｉａｎ (@heiscristhian) May 16, 2017 Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more news and reviews! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 16 AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Images show Apple begin overnight refresh on older retail stores [Gallery] Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 7:54 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last week, we reported that Apple was preparing to perform an overnight refresh on its older retail locations beginning tonight, May 16th into May 17th. Now that retail stores are closing for the night, the refresh process as begun as you can see in the images below… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The images show Apple Store employees overhauling the store design. These specific images were taken at a New Jersey Apple Store which does not feature Apple’s latest retail store design. As you can see in the images, Apple will be placing black curtains over the windows so those passing by can’t get a look at what’s changing with the overhaul. This overnight refresh, which is occurring at a plethora of stores around the world, will see Apple bring its older retail locations more up-to-par with its newer and redesigned locations. Many older stores cannot accommodate all of the new design features, though, so Apple is giving them a smaller refresh that turns them in to a sort of “halfway house” between the new and old design. We first caught a glimpse of Apple’s new retail store back in 2015, when the Jony Ive design was shown to the press in Brussels, Belgium. Retail head Angela Ahrendts also showed off the new features ahead of the opening of San Francisco’s Union Square store. The new design features a large display screen, power sockets that rise out of the tables when you wave your hand, the “Genius Grove,” and more. We’ll have to wait until the morning to see what exact changes come to older Apple Stores, though it will likely vary on a store-by-store basis. We’re expecting to see natural materials such as granite and wood have greater prominence in the new design. Apple earlier today officially launched its new “Today at Apple” retail initiative, as well. This effort sees stores put a heavier focus on educational and creative classes and events. The program is launching with 4,000 daily sessions that are free and open to the public. If your local Apple Store is undergoing an overnight refresh, be sure to snap some pictures and let us know in the comments. Thanks, Josh! Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more news and reviews! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 16 AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 iOS 10.3.3 beta brings three new wallpapers to 12.9″ iPad Pro, download here Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 5:47 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple earlier today released the first developer beta of iOS 10.3.3 and while it doesn’t bring any major changes that one may notice right off the bat, there’s something that people always appreciate: new wallpapers. iOS 10.3.3 brings three new nature-focused wallpapers for users and we’ve got them for you to download right below.. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple generally saves new wallpapers for bigger releases, such as the variety of new colorful wallpapers that were added with iOS 9. The inclusion of three new wallpapers in such a minuscule update is surprising, but nevertheless surely appreciated. The three new wallpapers are all overhead costal shots from various different areas of the world. The wallpapers are really beautiful, especially as we head into summertime. Since iOS 10.3.3 is still in beta and many users aren’t running it yet, we’ve extracted the images from the beta release. Head below to download all three and save them to your iOS device to use them as your wallpaper. Additionally, it appears that these three new wallpapers are for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro only, and not for the iPhone, so you can use the images below to get the new look on all of your devices. It’s possible that the new wallpapers being limited to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro hints at the unveil of a new model next month at WWDC. These wallpapers would be perfect for marketing shots of a new 12.9-inch model, as well as the rumored 10.5-inch variant. What do you think of these new wallpapers? Let us know down in the comments. Thanks Chris!  Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 16 AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple’s new ‘Designed for’ videos highlight Accessibility features with personal stories Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 9:25 pm PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple tonight has shared a series of new videos on its YouTube channel. These videos are part of a new “Designed for” series that highlights people who are using Apple’s Accessibility features to change the way they face life day in and day out… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The videos all highlight a different person who uses an Accessibility feature to help live everyday life. For instance, “Designed for Patrick L” puts the spotlight on a visually impaired music producer and DJ who relies on features such as VoiceOver to use Logic Pro X and express himself: Patrick is a DJ and producer with a passion for music and excellent food. With VoiceOver, he has the freedom to express himself in his home studio with Logic Pro X and in the kitchen with TapTapSee. Apple also mentions the third-party apps that many people find helpful. For instance, “Designed for Meera P” puts the focus on TouchChat, an app that allows those who have difficulty using their natural voice to verbally communicate: Meera is a teenager who loves soccer and jokes. She uses TouchChat on iPad to talk with her friends and family, and deliver the occasional one-liner. Then, there’s Ian M., who describes himself as a nature and birding enthusiast. Ian uses Siri on iPhone to play a bird call or to quickly start a conversation with a friend, while he uses Switch Control to capture outdoor photography: Ian is an outdoor and birding enthusiast. With Siri on iPhone, he can play a bird call or chat with a friend via FaceTime, and with Switch Control he is able to capture the perfect waterfall photo. All in all, Apple has released seven new videos this evening that highlight its Accessibility features. These videos each focus on a different person and how technology helps them live life to the fullest. Apple has often touted the Accessibility features of its platform and these ads continue that trend, while also putting a focus on some third-party applications that are equally as useful. What do you think of these videos? Watch them all below and let us know what you think down the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Apple Pay expands to over two dozen more banks around the US Zac Hall - May. 17th 2017 6:28 am PT @apollozac Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In addition to launching in Italy through three banks, Apple Pay is continuing to complete its roll out in the United States. More than two dozen new institutions around the United States join Apple Pay plus one new addition in Mainland China. You can find the latest banks to join Apple Pay’s growing list below. Sony A6500 Blackhawk Bank & Trust Capital Community Bank Central Bank of IA Chemical Bank Columbia Bank (now of NJ and OR) Commercial State Bank County Credit Union El Paso Area Teachers Federal Credit Union Finger Lakes Federal Credit Union First Colony Bank of Florida First National Bank of Picayune Minnequa Works Credit Union North Island Financial Credit Union Peoples Bank of the South Peoples Savings Bank Prime Financial Credit Union Red River Credit Union San Juan Credit Union Santa Clara County Federal Credit Union Texas Citizens Bank Town and Country and Peoples Prosperity Bank Tradition Capital Bank UNCLE Credit Union Unitus Community Credit Union Voyage Federal Credit Union Wasatch Peaks Credit Union Liaoning Rural Credit Cooperatives in Mainland China has also joined the list. As for new businesses, we wrote last year about the opportunities to expand support in the United States at many retail categories based on reader feedback. Jennifer Bailey, the head of Apple Pay, shared late last year that Apple’s mobile payment service is coming to GAP stores this year and is currently accepted by 35% of US retailers. And Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is the first Mac to include Touch ID and support Apple Pay without a nearby Apple Watch. Apple Pay also recently became an option online for donations to several non-profit organizations. The Apple Store app for Apple Watch also supports Apple Pay for purchasing favorited items and Western Union has enabled cash transfers and bill payment through Apple Pay. Apple Pay also recently came to the Exxon Mobil Speedpass+ app for Apple Watch, and iOS 11 is rumored to add person-to-person payments and a virtual debit card feature for Apple Pay. Since launching in the United States, Apple Pay has expanded to Canada, France, Russia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Australia, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Italy, New Zealand, Singapore, Japan, Spain, Ireland, and Taiwan. Apple Pay lets you make purchases in supported stores using your iPhone or Apple Watch. Apple Pay can also be used to make purchases in supported apps on iPhone and iPad. Here’s how to set up Apple Pay if your bank is supported (full list): On the iPhone, just head to the Wallet app on iOS 9 or later and tap the plus (+) icon in the top right corner to begin, then follow the prompts. To add a debit card to the Apple Watch, go to the Apple Watch app on iPhone and look for the Wallet & Apple Pay section, then Add Credit or Debit Card section. iPads with Touch ID can use Apple Pay in apps; go to Settings then Wallet & Apple Pay to add your card there. If you’re looking for places to test out Apple Pay, Exxon Mobile added support for buying gas with Apple Pay through its SpeedPass+ app earlier this year. Stores like the Apple Store, Best Buy, Whole Foods, and Walgreens all accept Apple Pay as payment at checkout, and McDonalds, Subway, Starbucks and many restaurants through OpenTable accept Apple Pay payments as well. Apple also has a list of official partners here, and anywhere with the contactless payment logo at checkout should accept Apple Pay. Some stubborn retailers like CVS are still resisting Apple Pay in favor of their own solution despite having upgraded terminals, and Walmart has rolled out its own alternative while avoiding NFC terminals. Apple Pay works with the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus; all Apple Watches; iPad mini 4, iPad Air 2, and both iPad Pro models. Macs can also now use Apple Pay with macOS Sierra. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Retail chief Angela Ahrendts talks ‘Today at Apple’ and more in video interview Zac Hall - May. 17th 2017 8:07 am PT @apollozac Apple Store Angela Ahrendts View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Retail chief Angela Ahrendts has appeared in a video interview promoting the new Today at Apple initiative launching at Apple Stores this week. In the discussion with LinkedIn’s Daniel Roth, Ahrendts talks about her approach to leading Apple Retail to success when some retailers are struggling. Included in the video are some interesting numbers like Apple’s employee retention rate and even how many beacons were just installed overnight as part of the Today at Apple effort. Sony A6500 The clip highlights Apple Retail’s 18% growth in the last quarter and compares Apple Store’s 85% retention rate among 67,000 employees compared to 20% average across the rest of the industry. Ahrendts added that in the United States,  that rate is actually higher at 88% among full-time employees who make up two-thirds of the retail division. Ahrendts says she communicates with employees through weekly three-minute videos (some of which we’ve seen) that typically include three thoughts each. In return, she says, some employees have actually started creating their own videos to communicate ideas to her. Ahrendts says Apple is working on creating a new platform for everyone’s stories as a formal way to support this activity. To gauge employee feedback, Apple Stores have used NPS, or net promoter score which is typically used to rate customer experience, to ask employees about the experience of working at Apple. Ultimately, Ahrendts says, the goal is to have employees answer yes to whether or not they would recommend a friend work at the Apple Store as a metric of success. Ahrendts also says that Apple Stores created a platform for workers called Share Your Ideas to encourage employee feedback, which will be evolving to better serve the 5,000 ideas that are submitted each month. Apple also crowdsourced ideas for retail’s overall vision, which collected 2,000 ideas that were filtered down to 1,000 then 463 before creating seven versions of the retail philosophy that are being piloted now. Ahrendts says these ideas happen to match Apple’s overall values like encouraging accessibility and entrepreneurship. In terms of retail stores, Ahrendts discussed the continuing effort to introduce new concept designs at stores with around 100 planned by the end of the year. For perspective, she says about half of the stores in the US were opened before the iPhone launch, which explains their need to expand in size. She says 30 to 35 stores are being remodeled a year to be double and triple the size. As part of the Today at Apple effort, Ahrendts says Apple Stores are increasing seating, turning up the audio, and installing 50,000 beacons into 400 stores across 30 countries. This overnight effort just happened and applies to all stores that won’t be expanded in the next 12 months, she says. Ultimately, Ahrendts believes stores need to evolve but malls won’t go away. Rather than be 20% about the experience and 80% about shopping, however, she believes the numbers need to flip as online shopping will typically be faster and cheaper than shopping in stores. Ahrendts also says Apple’s focus on promoting creativity and the arts is in preparation for the shift to automation where a return to the arts will be valued. Check out the full video below: Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Store View THe Guide Angela Ahrendts View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Apple releases first iOS 10.3.3 public beta for iPhone and iPad Zac Hall - May. 17th 2017 10:02 am PT @apollozac iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first iOS 10.3.3 public beta for users to test without paid developer accounts. The update likely includes bug fixes and performance improvements as well as new wallpapers discovered only on the 12.9-inch iPad Pro… Sony A6500 Apple’s public beta program is free to participate in unlike its paid developer program. iOS 10.3.3 will be released to everyone likely next month, and the public beta allows more users to test pre-release versions of the software update before it’s finalized. Today’s release marks the third software update this week starting with iOS 10.3.2 for all users on Monday and the first iOS 10.3.3 developer beta yesterday. The presence of new wallpapers only on the 12.9-inch iPad Pro (which you can download here) further suggests what analysts expect: updated iPad Pros may be coming at WWDC in a few weeks. The missing wallpapers on the 9.7-inch iPad models may suggest these will be marketing wallpapers for new 12.9-inch and the first 10.5-inch iPads. For a look back at what changes Apple included with iOS 10.3, check out our hands-on video below: For more on iOS 11, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 WWDC Wishlist: How CarPlay could improve with iOS 11 Sketchy rumor claims iOS 11 will enhance Siri with iMessage integration, user behavior learning, more iOS 10.3 beta 32-bit alert suggests Apple may drop legacy app support in iOS 11 Report: Apple in talks to extend Apple Pay with person-to-person payments, offer its own prepaid debit cards Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Here’s what watchOS 4 could learn from the original Apple Watch OS Zac Hall - May. 17th 2017 1:05 pm PT @apollozac WWDC 2017 Apple Watch watchOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple will likely unveil watchOS 4 at WWDC next month which should bring new features and improvements to the Apple Watch. I recently got my hands on an Apple Watch with the original Watch OS software which includes a few things I hope return with watchOS 4… Sony A6500 The first thing is something I mentioned last month in my watchOS 4 wishlist: easier access to Now Playing controls through a reorganized Control Center. Now Playing is the panel that lets you control audio playback including volume with the Apple Watch’s Digital Crown. It was originally a swipe up from the watch face when the original Watch OS featured Glances. These were quick functions that you pulled up from the watch face and swiped through. watchOS 3 dropped Glances and introduced the Dock while encouraging apps to be more glanceable at launch. In place of the cards that you got when you swiped up, watchOS 3 introduced Control Center which combined the Settings and Battery glance and added new features like Theater Mode over time. The Now Playing controls are currently located in the Dock which you access by clicking the side button under the Digital Crown. Now Playing only appears when audio is actively playing, and it’s located at the far right end of your Dock apps (unless you save it and relocate it) so you have to scroll over to it. The interaction requires way too many steps compared to the original method, which could be a swipe and a tap away. The obvious thing to do here is copy the model that iOS 10 introduced with a multi-panel Control Center. Swipe up and over then tap versus click, swipe or scroll, scroll, scroll, tap, tap. If you always use Now Playing, simply swipe up and tap without even swiping over. Separately, the current Control Center on watchOS 3 requires scrolling to access the commonly used AirPlay button which could be moved to the new Now Playing section. The solution here is so obvious that I would be surprised if we don’t see this with watchOS 4 next month. Next up is Siri. I use Siri on the Apple Watch multiple times everyday for tasks like controlling HomeKit accessories, adding Reminders to my to-do list and shopping list, and starting workouts. Siri has improved in a lot of ways with watchOS 2 and watchOS 3. After using Siri on the original Watch OS, I was reminded by just how wordy Siri could be when it first launched on the Apple Watch. There’s no voice feedback without using VoiceOver, so Siri is all voice input and text output on Apple Watch. I wouldn’t mind an eyes-free version of Siri on the Apple Watch sometime in the future, but the minor but useful thing about Siri on the original Watch OS is how it animated. The Siri wave looked different and was probably my favorite so far, but the flat bar along the bottom highlighted the display edge in a way that isn’t favorable. Apple later unified the look of Siri with the current animating wave form across all platforms, but on watchOS 3 the animation just plays randomly and doesn’t react to your voice. That’s a weird step backwards that makes Siri feel less responsive whether or not that’s just perception or actual performance. My only guess is Apple did this to save processing resources, but the wave for dictation for general voice input still animates. Back to Watch OS 1 for a moment, that version used the colorful Siri animation even for dictation, while the current watchOS uses a more bland black and white sound wave. Both are odd differences that I hope are reverted in watchOS 4. As a side note, actually getting your hands on the original Watch OS these days isn’t the easiest thing to do. I found someone selling an unopened Apple Watch purchased at launch in 2015 which guaranteed it ran Watch OS 1.0, but activating it with an iPhone with iOS 10 wasn’t possible without updating the Apple Watch to watchOS 3. The next step was finding an iPhone running a specific version of iOS 8. Presumably iOS 9 would force the Apple Watch to update to watchOS 2, and iOS 8.0 and iOS 8.1 lacked the Apple Watch app for pairing the Apple Watch. Luckily, I found a seller on eBay listing a reasonably priced iPhone 5c running iOS 8.2 specifically and voila! Of course not everything was smoother on the original Watch OS. The side button below the Digital Crown was mapped to the Friends circle for using Digital Touch. Now that’s mapped to the Dock for picking favorited apps which can include Messages where Digital Touch works (although I think what magic Digital Touch had was sort of lost when it was no longer exclusive to Apple Watch). One example of a basic interaction made more complicated on the original Watch OS is viewing award achievements. You needed to tap a View Award button compared to now when the alert includes the award. These awards were different too. Now they’re personalized with your name and achievement date, but the originals versions were essentially impersonal videos (although some had a higher level of detail than now). What was then called Apple Watch and was later simplified to just Watch is an app that also still works including all of the original promotion videos and managing Friends for Digital Touch. As an Apple Watch enthusiast, using the original Watch OS is a nostalgic experience that mostly reminds me how much watchOS and Apple Watch has improved since launch. But there are a few niceties around the original Watch OS that could really inform what decisions I hope Apple makes for changes likely coming in watchOS 4. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple Watch news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide watchOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Jimmy Iovine slams free music services, talks exclusivity deals in new interview Chance Miller - May. 17th 2017 5:37 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Music View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine this week sat down with Music Business Worldwide for a new wide-ranging interview, touching on topics such as Spotify’s free tier, exclusivity deals, and more. While Iovine has given more than his fair share of interviews in the past, this one contains a few interesting comments… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Right off the bat, Iovine was asked to explain some of the biggest issues he has with the current streaming industry. Iovine explained that right now in the music industry, there’s a major problem of “free in music streaming.” The Apple executive noted that in order to solve this problem, free music tiers have to become more restricted, while the paid services have to get better. Iovine went on to explain that many artists no longer see the music industry as a source of revenue, but are rather shifting focus towards promotion with tours and merchandise. The fact is that ‘free’ in music streaming is so technically good and ubiquitous that it’s stunting the growth of paid streaming. Two things have to happen: free has to become more difficult or restricted, and the paid services have to get better. Musicians believe right now that there’s very little money in the recorded music business. So a lot of them are aiming their goal to be nothing but promotion – and that means having a No.1 record. You’ve got to put everything into making the experience for people who are paying feel special. And for musicians to feel encouraged to promote them. Iovnie’s quest against free streaming services didn’t stop there, though. When asked about how Apple works to make Apple Music different from free services, he explained video is becoming a central part of the music experience, specifically saying that the show Dr. Dre is working on for Apple Music “is really gonna move the needle.” Furthermore, Iovine explained that if Apple Music offered a free tier, it would have over 400 million users. Some people think this industry got so beaten up by piracy after Napster, that the only thing left was to give it all away for free Some people thought that. Some people didn’t. I never thought that – you go back to my interviews in 2002. Steve Jobs never thought that. Eddy Cue never thought that. Apple still doesn’t think that. If Apple Music had a free tier we would have 400m people on it. That would make my job real easy. But we believe artists should get paid. That’s why I went to Apple. So that’s genome for all this passion for musicians getting paid?   That’s it. Right there. They gave me a shot. I didn’t deserve it. And I’ve put my money where my mouth is: Beats Music didn’t have a free tier. Apple Music doesn’t have a free tier. I’m not just talking it; I’m walking it. That’s why I aligned with Eddy and Tim and Steve. They thought the same way. I think what’s going on [with free music] is wrong. I just do. Iovine also touched on the idea of exclusivity deals, something Apple has done in the past but caused backlash from record labels. Iovine acknowledged that backlash, explaining that video content is a much better way to grow in the long run. We tried it. We’ll still do some stuff with the occasional artist. The labels don’t seem to like it and ultimately it’s their content. But we’re doing exclusive video content now, and putting a lot of money into that. Finally, Iovine also told a story about a failed meeting with Intel and what ultimately drove him to Apple: Here’s why I fell in love with Steve Jobs and Eddy Cue. I went to meet someone at Intel once, before I met Steve or Eddy. And I explained the plight of an Assistant Engineer and a young musician [during the erosion of the music business due to piracy]. I said: ‘If we can work together, we can really advantage your platform with music. And you can help the music industry find its value, rather than this free stuff.’ He goes: ‘What an interesting story, Jimmy. Unfortunately not every industry was made to last forever…’ I walked out of there saying: ‘Oh sh*t! We’re on another planet.’ Then I met Steve and Eddy, and they were very pro-musician – Eddy as much as Steve. And then I started working with Tim and he feels the same way. The full interview is definitely worth a read and can be found here. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Jeff Goldblum says Steve Jobs asked him to be the voice of Apple, ‘didn’t know it was Steve’ [Videos] Ben Lovejoy - May. 17th 2017 4:03 am PT @benlovejoy Steve Jobs iMac Siri View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Actor Jeff Goldblum, who appeared in a number of Apple ads in the 1990s, has revealed that Steve Jobs wanted him to play a much bigger role in representing the company. NordVPN CNET says Goldblum didn’t recognise Steve’s voice when he received the approach. “Steve Jobs called me up a few decades ago to be the voice of Apple” said Goldblum in a recent interview on the Today Show in Australia. “That was early on, and I did not know it was Steve Jobs.” The actor didn’t reveal more than this, so it’s unclear whether this would simply have meant appearing in all future Apple ads, or some kind of wider spokesperson role. CNET suggests that this could even have led to Goldblum being the voice of Siri. While Siri didn’t come along until very much later, he may well have been the natural choice if he’d accepted the role and remained in it long enough. You can relive some of Goldblum’s iMac ads in the videos below.   Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Steve Jobs View THe Guide iMac View THe Guide Siri View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Apple has started production of iPhone SE in India, shipping to customers later in May Benjamin Mayo - May. 17th 2017 4:42 am PT @bzamayo iPhone SE View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In a statement to the Wall Street Journal, Apple has confirmed that its manufacturing partners in India have started domestic production of iPhone SE. Up to now, Apple produces almost all of its iPhones in China (although some older models have been assembled in Brazil). Presumably, the devices will bear an ‘Assembled in India’ label on the hardware. Apple is pushing hard into India as it looks for new markets to grow iPhone sales. The report says that the iPhone SE devices are being made in Bangalore and will ship to customers later in May, with the first domestically-produced phones appearing on store shelves next week. Pricing is unknown … Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial In the US, the iPhone SE sells in two flavors, a 32 GB and 128 GB model for $399 and $499 respectively. Third-party Indian resellers already undercut that price point, selling iPhone SE around the $320 mark. Apple was effectively forced into setting up domestic manufacturing in order to launch Indian retail stores, as India laws state that companies wanting a retail presence must source at least 30% of their goods locally. According to the Wall Street Journal, government officials hope to see the India iPhone SE sell for even less in its home country. There are obviously some cost savings for Apple to take advantage of by producing domestically and local government reportedly believes Apple could sell its iPhone for as low as $220 (converted to Indian currency). Apple typically does not like to price its devices differently based on region, however, so final pricing is unknown. However, Apple may be more lenient with its pricing in order to capture marketshare in the region where the average smartphone sells for under $200. One would assume that if the iPhone SE is a sales success, Apple will want to produce its newer devices (like iPhone 7) domestically too. Meanwhile, the administration continues to pile pressure onto Apple to make more of its products within the United States. Foxconn is said to be exploring a US factory and Apple has launched a $1 billion investment fund for US advanced manufacturing. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPhone SE View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Qualcomm sues four iPhone suppliers for ‘following Apple’s instructions not to pay royalties’ Ben Lovejoy - May. 17th 2017 5:53 am PT @benlovejoy Qualcomm View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In a new move in the on-going dispute between Apple and Qualcomm, the chip supplier has sued four iPhone suppliers directly. Qualcomm has already filed a countersuit against Apple itself. The mess began when the FTC accused Qualcomm of effectively giving itself a monopoly by saying that it would charge Apple higher patent royalties unless the company agreed not to source baseband processors from its competitors. Apple then sued Qualcomm in several different countries, Qualcomm countersued, tried to get iPhone imports banned and said that iPhone suppliers were withholding around $1B in overdue royalties. Even Samsung is on Apple’s side, but Qualcomm isn’t giving up … NordVPN Qualcomm has now named the four iPhone suppliers it says have failed to pay the patent royalties due, reports Reuters. Qualcomm said on Wednesday it filed a complaint against Foxconn and three other contract manufacturers of Apple for not paying royalties. The other manufacturers listed by Qualcomm were Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics. Qualcomm says that the companies acknowledge the debts but Apple has told them not to pay. “While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay,” the chipmaker said in a statement. The chipmaker is suing the companies for the payments themselves and additional damages. It is also seeking declaratory relief, which is asking the court to recognize that the sums are due in law even if the court doesn’t order immediate payment. It looks like Tim Cook is right that this one is going to run for some time … Photo: The Verge Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 First macOS 10.12.6 public beta rolling out on Mac App Store Zac Hall - May. 17th 2017 10:13 am PT @apollozac Mac macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first public beta version of macOS 10.12.6 for users to test without a paid developer account. The update likely focuses on bug fixes and performance improvements ahead of macOS 10.13 later this year. Sony A6500 Apple previously released the same update to registered developers yesterday which followed the public release of macOS 10.12.5 on Monday. The new update may also be used on updated MacBooks if the rumors are to be believed. Just yesterday it was reported that Apple is planning to unveil upgraded MacBook and MacBook Pros at WWDC next month. For a look at recent macOS features, check out our hands-on video below: For more macOS news, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 New macOS 10.13 URL reference suggests we won’t see the jump to macOS 11 this year Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Mac View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Hyundai says Happy Mother's Day with no mush, just #ToughLove Secrets to a Great Team Euro Fashions Sidharth Malhotra Search Content vs. Social Content Made in India iPhones to hit stores this month By Alnoor Peermohamed , Business Standard, Bengaluru | In Marketing | May 18, 2017 Apple shared no details about revising prices even after benefiting from lower import duties. Buyers of Apple iPhone SE could soon find a "Made in India" tag on their devices. Taiwanese contact manufacturer Wistron would be making it at their plant in Bengaluru. The company recently conducted a trial run at the factory. The few phones made during the trial run will be in stores in two weeks. Full-scale production will take more time, according to a person familiar with Apple's plans. The global tech major confirmed the production at the sole facility in India. "We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SEs in Bengaluru. We'll begin shipping to domestic customers this month," Apple said in an email. Karnataka was quick to claim credit for this. Its Information Technology Minister Priyank Kharge said, "It shows the Bengaluru ecosystem is able to attract the world's best companies. If the Make in India initiative has to work, we need to incentivise manufacturers to gradually increase local sourcing." Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook visited India last May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi. They reportedly discussed manufacturing of iPhones in India, for the local market and export. Since then, the government has turned down Apple's demands for tax sops. But, the fast-growing domestic market seems too attractive for the company. With a dip in iPhone sales in developed markets like the US and China, India is now a major focus for Apple. Since the country's appetite for expensive flagship devices is still small, Apple continues to produce its four-year-old iPhone 5s to compete with Xiaomi, Motorola, Samsung and others in the mid-level market. Is domestic production going to cut prices? There is no clarity on that yet. Experts said assembling devices locally will help it save 12 per cent in taxes. One can buy an iPhone SE for Rs 27,200 but on Flipkart and Amazon, it is available for as low as Rs 20,999. Apple is known to maintain price parity across the world. In the US, the iPhone SE starts at $399 (about Rs 25,000). "Prices might go below Rs 20,000 only in October," said Neil Shah, research director, devices and ecosystems, Counterpoint Research. "At that price it has to compete with Chinese rivals Oppo and Vivo." © 2017 Business Standard     Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying Dec'16 to April'17: How Flipkart Ads' intent targe...Marketing Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital Pregnancy, adoption, blindness, under-age driving....Advertising Publicis Worldwide appoints Ravpreet Ganesh as exe...Advertising "It's always crucial to get the right cast": Praka...Advertising Kellogg's Vikram Bahl moves to GSK Consumer Health...Marketing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing "Don't join advertising; don't stay in advertising...Advertising MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in April...Digital British Airways on new 3-minute ad: "Flying to Lon...Digital Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital The IPL Fantasy League is backDigital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti...Advertising Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup Funding Marketing Source : Jaakko Mannisto View All Current Issue May 1-15 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) May 16, 2017 Visualizer May 15, 2017 Account Executive May 11, 2017 Client Servicing Manager / Client Servicing Executive / Junior Art Director / Art Director / Senior Visualizer / Manager Business Development / Artwork / Graphic Developer. May 04, 2017 Client Servicing Executive (Only Local Candidates Should Apply) May 04, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money How To Buy A Puppy Without Getting Scammed How The Australian Bank Levy Will Affect You, The Customer Hump Day Deals: Best Of Click Frenzy Ask LH: Is Netflix Increasing Its Prices In Australia? Home How To Buy Your First Home In 15 Steps [Infographic] I Bought A Pair Of Overalls And Now I Will Never Wear Anything Else  McDonald's Now Has Its Own Mobile Ordering App The Grown-Up Kitchen: How To Make A Pan Sauce Entertainment Ten Tips For Successful Online Dating Why The Game Of Thrones Books Will (Probably) Never Be Finished Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free Travel Australian Government Contemplates In-Flight Laptop Ban Would You Wear A 'Baby On Board' Button To Get A Seat On The Train?  New Google Maps Update Makes It Even Harder To Get Lost Why You Fart More On An Aeroplane (And What You Can Do About It) Health What To Look For In A Sports Bra When You're Large Chested Lovehacker: I Banged Someone In My Professional Network. What Now? How To Enjoy Sushi Without Getting Infested With Parasites Tough Love: How To Stop Being A Lazy Piece Of Garbage  Design Have Apple And Microsoft Traded Places? Watch Apple's New Video Series On iPhone 7 Photography How To Take Selfies That Don't Look Like Selfies Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Work Productivity Everything New About Android From Google I/O The Best And Worst Of Google I/O 2017 (So Far...) The 8-Bit ZX Spectrum Is Making A Comeback The Body Is Not A Computer, So Stop Thinking Of It As One Communicate Dealhacker: Save 40% On Kogan Mobile's 12-Month Prepaid Plans How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds Organise Briefly: Fantasy Noir, Aussie Wage Freeze, Trump FBI Bombshell Are Tesla Solar Tiles Worth The Money? Briefly: E3 Schedule, Flight Hacks, Pac-Manicures Ask LH: How Can I Train Myself To Be More Punctual? Career How To Write A Resume From Scratch [Infographic] 15 Signs You're Underpaid At Work 'Don't Be A Know-It-All; Be A Learn-It-All' Ask LH: How Can I Make My Workspace More Inspiring? Business Travel Here's What The Hook By Your Aeroplane Tray Table Is For Brace Yourself: The US Wants To Ban Electronics On All European Flights Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Security Meet The Cop Behind NSW Police's Hilarious Facebook Page Change Your Passwords Right Now: 560 Million Email Credentials Have Been Leaked  Too Many Australians Are Still Using Windows XP HTTP Cookies: Fact Vs Fiction Small Business & Startups Optus' Latest SMB Service Wants To Slay PABX Telephony Systems Should Your Business Be On Instagram? Elevator Pitch: Energy Locals How To Make Sure People See Your Page's Facebook Posts IT Pro Cloud Veeam Annouces Updated Office 365 Backup And Faster VM Recovery Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Megaport Boosts Trans-Pacific Network Capacity Amazon Announces EC2 Price Cuts IT Career What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions What Is The 'Net Promoter Score' And Why Should You Care? Veeam's Recruitment Mantra: Hire Hungry, Humble And Smart IT Security WannaCry Is The Tip Of The Iceberg DDos Attacks Are Getting Smarter Microsoft Says Fighting Cyber Attacks Is A Team Effort WannaCry Costs: The Ransom Is Just The Beginning Developer Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Microsoft Build Tour Coming To Australia In June WhatsApp Coming To Windows Store Deployment It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? Review: Synology RT2600ac Router Apple Acquires Lattice Data As Their AI Ambitions Grow Why It Makes Sense To Give Factory Robots AI Servers Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O McDonald's Now Has Its Own Mobile Ordering App Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Change Your Passwords Right Now: 560 Million Email Credentials Have Been Leaked  Have Apple And Microsoft Traded Places? Tim Biggs May 18, 2017, 11:30am ⋅ Filed to:  apple Australian Stories microsoft smh Share Image: Supplied A new report indicates that Apple is planning to update its line of MacBooks at its Worldwide Developers Conference next month, but will the same machines with minor tweaks be enough to win back mindshare from its fresher competition? A yearly iterative rejig is nothing new or unexpected for Apple's devices, but what's different this time is that rival Microsoft is also currently making moves in the laptop and home computer space, providing a point of comparison that Apple's not used to. Like many Apple products the various MacBooks were revolutionary at their introduction, but a procession of very similar units has left them feeling stale. While Apple's MacBooks continue to appeal to some of the same audience they've always appealed to, Microsoft's recent approach (including its current hardware lineup as well as its direction with Windows 10), seems more modern. Microsoft's ecosystem has been moving towards a duality for quite a while now. In one sense it's becoming more of a tightly-controlled Apple-like structure where the one company builds the hardware, manages the operating system and serves up the apps, but at the same time you can still build or buy whatever machine you want, have it run Windows and install anything you like. Even though Windows 8 was ridiculed when it introduced the idea of an operating system that would work across devices, Microsoft has now refined its software to the point it can include identical versions with its desktop machines, its tablets or its newly-announced laptops. Any of these machines, regardless of form, could be tweaked and optimised by an advanced user, or put to work as a daily driver by someone who just wants to grab the apps they want and go. The result is (or, at least, will ideally be) a counter to the traditional perception that Microsoft Windows products are complicated and high maintenance while Apple's "just work". Microsoft's approach allows for tablets with full Windows, home machines with the super-streamlined Windows 10 S, and everything in between. There's a dual nature to Apple's ecosystem too, but it's tough to see how the two sides can reconcile. Apple seems to want lovers of its iPhone — a powerful but incredibly easy to use machine running on iOS — to also love the MacBook, a very traditional laptop computer running the very traditional MacOS. Unix-based and tied closely to the way Apple makes hardware, MacOS systems make a lot of sense for a lot of hardcore users. But for the rest of us — namely people that want a powerful and exciting machine that they can operate as easily as they use a phone — Apple's offerings are wanting. This is perhaps best characterised by the fact that in an era of touchscreens — one which Apple helped usher in — none of its MacBooks or other MacOS devices sport one. In fact Apple has gone well out of its way to avoid a fully touch-enable Mac, as evidenced by the Touch Bar included with the most recent versions of the MacBook Pro. Meanwhile Apple's attempt to turn its existing touch-enabled device into a productivity machine — with bigger and more powerful iPads — has only highlighted the weirdness of its approach. The iPad Pro seems hobbled and constrained by the limits of iOS, asking users who only want one device to choose between two mutually exclusive extremes. While anything could happen at WWDC on June 5, all indications would seem to indicate Apple will show off familiar 15-, 13-, and 12-inch laptops featuring more advanced processors than they had before. Just before that, at an event in Shanghai on May 23, Microsoft will unveil what's next for its Surface line following its converting tablet / laptop, massive desktop / drafting table and affordable new laptop. This article originally appeared in Digital Life, The Sydney Morning Herald's home for everything technology. Follow Digital Life on Facebook and Twitter. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments WillD @willd May 18, 2017, 4:49pm It looks like it, doesn't it? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? Anthony Caruana 16 May 2017 12:30 PM I'm currently testing the fourth Windows laptop in my quest to find a replacement for the iPad Pro. After trialling a Lenovo MIIX 510, Dell XPS 13 2-in-1, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 and now a HP Spectre, I'm remembering one of things that really annoyed me about Windows computers. All the extra software that I didn't ask for. How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 17 May 2017 9:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Up Your Photography Game With This Course Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Trending Articles 1 It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? 2 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 3 Meet The Cop Behind NSW Police's Hilarious Facebook Page Google Translate Talks The Talk, Thanks To AI Neural Networks 'Molecular Condoms' Could Be The Best Form Of Birth Control Yet SpaceX To Perform Its Most Heartwarming Mission Yet Winners! Tickets For The Upcoming Sherlock Exhibition! The Thing Injustice 2 Gets Right About Harley Quinn That Suicide Squad Got Wrong Sims 4 Mod Lets You Square Up With Your Toddlers Watch The Destiny 2 Reveal Here The JB Hi-Fi Review Has A Pretty Good Tekken Joke How Much Salt Is It OK To Eat? What To Look For In A Sports Bra When You're Large Chested What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University WannaCry Is The Tip Of The Iceberg 15 places where engineering majors dream of working DELOITTE: More than 80% of UK financial chiefs are struggling with high levels of Brexit uncertainty It was another ugly session for Asian markets, but it could have been worse The 10 most important things in the world right now © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine | Main May 17, 2017 Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada   You can usually learn something new watching a developer conference, whether it's from Apple, Microsoft or yes, even Google. Last week we learned about Microsoft's updates to HoloLens, their new Digital Pen input and a new Windows 10 UI coming with subtle 3D effects this fall. If the new Windows 10 UI is successful, you could bet that 3D UI's from competitors are sure to follow. Today at Google I/O 2017 there was a lot of little things of mild interest, among them Google Assistant coming to iOS as noted in our cover graphic. That announcement received a lot of applause from a pro-Android developer audience which was both strange and interesting. Today's report provides our audience with the full Google I/O conference video along with a few highlights of new features of interest in the form of screenshots from today's keynote.     Google Assistant 'Transactions' are Easier than Apple Pay   With Google Assistant you can make online 'transactions' without having to use biometrics like Apple's Touch ID. Simple, simple, simple – but I didn't quite catch the security feature to ensure that a user actually approved a purchase. But it's magic time, so everything is simple, simple, simple.They demonstrated this feature and without having to sign into anything, the purchase was made and the delivery of the meal confirmed just using voice.    Android Powers 24 Top Smartwatch Brands Worldwide   The Android OS chief told his audience that Android powers 24 of the top Smartwatches in the world. Keep in mind that Apple Watch was the #1 globally in Q1 2017 and no other "Top Brand" within the premium class brands noted in Google's slide matched or even came close to the Apple Watch. It has potential, but it's not there yet.   New Features coming to Google Home     I sure hope that the rumors about an Apple Siri based speaker device coming to life at their WWDC 2017 event, because Google Home just landed some serious punches with their new Google Home device. It may be a killer app for Google. Call anywhere in Canada or the U.S.A. for free when using Google Home.   Google announced that free music streaming from Spotify will come with Google Home with other services being made available.   Google's presenter stated that yes, you need a display with Google Home at times, but you don't need an integrated display because Google Home / Google Assistant will use any screen near you to display your content if needed. You can ask Google's Assistant to show you what's new on YouTube or any other TV service noted on their slide. You can ask Google Home to show you pictures of your recent holiday or call up maps by simply asking – and the results could show up on your iPhone, iPad, Android devices or TV.   Photo Books   Why not take a page form Apple's playbook again and introduce something revolutionary like photo books.   Android's Next Version of OS is 'O'   The next version of Android coming this summer is brand named Zero. Okay, It's really 'O' as in the letter.     Google introduced 'Picture-in-Picture' for Android 'O' which is a nice feature. You could be video conferencing, reduce the video, tap on your calendar or any app and work on it as you talk. You could be watching a YouTube video while writing a long email. You get the picture.   Cut and paste now kills text-handles (Yeah). I hate Apple's cut and paste with text handles. They're so annoying. In Android 'O' you simply tap on the screen where the first dot goes and tap again for the second dot, done. You can double tap on an address, and it copies it all. You can tap on a phone number, and all of it's copied. You could also click on one extra button and you can call up a map for the address or make a phone call instantly from your highlighted text. Nice.   Apple provides a dot above your mail to tell you how many messages are waiting or to tell you that there is an update ready. Android 'O' brings that feature to Android users calling it Notification Dots. Below is an example of a notification on my iPhone. Is it not a dot? Ha!   Google Lens   Google Lens could be a huge hit. The feature is like a precursor to Augmented Reality. A user could take a photo and with one click get information about it. You could be in Chicago taking a photo of the tallest building and in one click you'll see 'Willis Tower' labeled on your photo. Or you could be in a museum taking a photo of a favorite work and in one click it'll reveal the artist and other relevant information.   Better yet, you could take a photo of a poster of an upcoming event and in one click you could have access to Ticketmaster and details of the upcoming event. This might be something coming to iPhone 8, so on that note it was interesting to see unfold today. Google is going to work this feature into other apps in the future.   Kotlin Coming to Android   The programming language Kotlin is coming to Android 'O' and that seemed to excite their developer base. Here's one testimony about Kotlin. I guess you have to be a programmer to appreciate that feature. And lastly developers far and wide can get their hands on Android 'O' beta as noted below.   Our report ends on a somewhat funny note. Android has been the home of Malware forever. Google want's to shake off that image by introducing 'Google Play Protect.' Google's representative ranted off figures showing that they're the safest OS on the planet, but only Google believes that.   At least they have a new shiny logo to show-off and make it seem real to those contemplating the purchase of an Android device. Of course I'm compelled to say "Buyer Beware." Nice logos don't protect anything.   Google acknowledging that they had to at least make it appear that they're actually doing something to reverse their bad reputation on the malware front is a start. On another front, "Project Treble' is another attempt at getting Android smartphones updated in a timely manner. What is that now - attempt #409 and counting? Good luck.    All in all there were a few interesting features brought to the table today at Google I/O. Yet the number one war front that became obvious this month was the invasion of AI-centric home devices.   In the last few weeks Amazon, Microsoft and now Google have all made significant strides to advance their AI-based home devices. We have to hope that Apple will finally get a pawn on the chessboard in this very important game that they're close to being last to enter. I think they'll be a huge sigh of relief if Apple introduces their Siri based solution next month if not a roar of approval. Apple's WWDC can't come soon enough.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 17, 2017 at 07:40 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine Two-Faced Samsung Magically Claims Global Sales of their S8 Hit 10 Million Today while Claiming 5 Million Yesterday New Court Filing Details Qualcomm Suing Apple's iPhone Suppliers for withholding Royalty Payments Apple Engineers Invented a Different Kind of Pizza Container AMD Set to Thrill Pros and Gamers alike with a new High-End CPU called 'Threadripper' with 16 Cores and 32 Threads TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Church Street awaits redemption as endless traffic delays work Sharad Pawar declines Sonia Gandhi's offer to be presidential candidate: NCP Anil Dave - A man passionate about river conservation ICJ to decide fate of Kulbhushan Jadhav today: All about India and Pakistan's big international face-off White House knew sacked adviser was under investigation: Report Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:03 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,549-109.33 NIFTY 50 9,472-53.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6289.00 USD/INR 64.350.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant By Reuters | Updated: May 18, 2017, 06.51 AM IST Post a Comment RELATED VIDEO Google announces cool new features for home assistant Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google's annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company's artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple Inc's iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. What's more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone's camera, executives said. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company's Android operating system -- long the cornerstone of Google's mobile strategy -- getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. "This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don't see it for a couple years ... and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms," Dawson said. "They need to put that functionality where users are." The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company's own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com Inc are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. "We've been using voice as an input across many of our products. We've had significant breakthroughs." The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc, will be integrated as well. While Amazon's Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. "Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services," said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. "They really pushed that message hard." Comments(0)Add Comments Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONMicrosoftiPhoneGoogleAppleandroidAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Earn profits with this unique investment option Property ShareMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Software Technology Parks of India to be set up in Odisha From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION A family ready to give up everything for her! Milaap Terra Alegria Villas in Whitefield, Bangalore m1 Homes IAMAI says new GST Bill spells doom for internet economy Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software ESDS Software expects to triple revenue next year Mobile users may constitute 80% of Internet users by 2017 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate View: India needs to rethink strategy for the IT sector If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Apple iPhone SE now being assembled in India at Bengaluru unit Apple iPhone SE now being assembled in India at Bengaluru unit Apple is understood to have begun initial production for a small number of iPhone SE units in Bengaluru, since it is one of its most popular models. By: FE Bureau | Bengaluru | Published: May 18, 2017 7:00 AM Apple has finally started assembling iPhones in India. (PTI) Apple has finally started assembling iPhones in India. The Cupertino-based giant which has partnered with Wistron Corp to assemble the phone here in Bengaluru, has opted for a trial run to begin with and will put out the initial phones in small batches, sources said. Apple is understood to have begun initial production for a small number of iPhone SE units in Bengaluru, since it is one of its most popular models. It is expected to start domestic shipping this month itself. In March this year, Karnataka IT minister, Priyank Kharge, told FE that Apple Inc will be ready to start assembling high-end iPhones in the city in less than a month to boost its chances of gaining a foothold in the fast growing Indian market. Apple’s stint with Indian manufacturing comes at a time when many Chinese smarttphone companies including the likes of Xiaomi, Huawei, and others are starting their manufacturing units in India. Indian manufacturing would help the technology companies to lower price for local consumers. Apple had last year applied for a single brand retail license and is yet to get the FIPB approval. While it is still unknown at what price the Indian-made iPhone SE will be sold at, but it is likely to be cheaper than the models sold in US. No Comments. Don't Miss Reema Lagoo dead - From Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan to Madhuri Dixit, here's all you want to know about Bollywood's favourite 'mom' Anil Madhav Dave, public servant, amateur pilot, environmentalist: Know about the minister who passed away Zomato hacked: Database compromised, nearly 17 mn users' credentials stolen; credit card info safe Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence case ICJ verdict Live Updates: After presenting water-tight case at The Hague, India hopes for justice to be done Google I/O 2017: How Android Go will save memory & mobile data for your budget smartphone Google IO 2017: From Lens to Android Go, 5 cool features that will make your life much easier FMCG battle heats up: HUL plans these products to take on Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Nokia 3310 relaunch: Feature phones are not dead, it's too early to write an obituary Yogi Impact on UP's Real Estate: Homebuyers regaining confidence as developers, authorities swing into action IT job market crash: This advice from Bill Gates will make life easy for aspiring techies Business Gallery Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Flipkart sale today: Massive discounts available on Xiaomi redmi Note 4, Google Pixel, Moto G5 Plus, exchange offers on Apple iPhones Choicest pics from the Belt and Road Summit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News केंद्रीय वन एवं पर्यावरण मंत्री अनिल माधव दवे का दिल का दौरा पड़ने से निधन विधायक अशोक सिंह की हत्या मामले में RJD नेता प्रभुनाथ सिंह दोषी करार, 23 मई को सुनाई जाएगी सजा लालू ने किया सोनिया को फोन- मैडम, 27 को आइए, न आ पाएं तो प्रियंका को भेजिए, हम एक न हुए तो खत्म हो जाएंगे Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Official says rate reductions possible if Apple Valley takes over water system Wednesday May 17, 2017 at 5:41 PM May 17, 2017 at 5:41 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — The town recently placed a percentage on the amount residential water bills can be reduced under municipal ownership of Liberty Utilities' water system, a move that’s contrary to a scathing analysis that questioned the financial viability of the ongoing acquisition effort. During an April 25 presentation to the Town Council, Assistant Town Manager Marc Puckett said rates could be lowered by $178 per person if the town were to pay $100 million for Liberty Utilities’ water system at an interest rate between 4 and 4.4 percent. “That ... amounts to a reduction of 15 percent ... above the cost of acquisition,” Puckett said. “It’s kind of shocking when you actually look at the resources ... available today within the existing (water) rates.” The amount is based on the elimination of profits, taxes, intercompany service agreements, a corporate office in Commerce and executive salaries that Puckett said would make an estimated $11.9 million “immediately available” to the town should acquisition prove successful. Those millions would fund not only an average of $6.5 million in annual debt service, but also pay for additional capital improvements or lower rates, according to Puckett. “Even using a conservative estimate — again at that $100 million (bond size) — of interest rates at 4.75 percent, the annual debt service requirements only increases to $6.9 million,” he said. “That’s extremely important to the residents, to the customers of (Liberty). There’s no need for any (water) rate increase.” The “no need” statement served as Puckett’s response to economist John Husing, whose recent analysis found that debt service on a $150 million revenue bond would likely be repaid at an interest rate between 5.25 and 7.25 percent, resulting in annual payments between $10 and $12.4 million, respectively. Husing argued that the $150 million bond “would appear to be the least likely to cover the full cost of acquiring Liberty,” concluding that the average water bill in Apple Valley would increase between $502 and $620 per year under town ownership, according to a previous Daily Press report. Apple Valley residents will vote June 6 on whether or not to authorize the town to issue up to $150 million in revenue bond debt should it win the right in court to take Liberty Utilities' water system by eminent domain. If Measure F is passed by a simple majority of voters, the town would be able to proceed with its acquisition effort. A majority no vote would effectively end the town's takeover bid. On Monday, Husing defended his Liberty-funded analysis, and he responded to claims of “factual errors” lodged by town officials who were critical of the economist for not contacting the town during his research. “There was no need to talk to them about it,” Husing told the Daily Press. “I found the data they were using online, and — frankly — that analysis was in my report, and I thought they were making heroic assumptions.” Husing framed his analysis around a 2014 Urban Futures study conducted for the town that identified four condemnation warning signs: an unknown acquisition cost, the necessity of yearly capital improvements in the millions, the town’s lack of experience in running a water system and bond interest uncertainty. The warnings “triggered” much of Husing’s analysis, in which he stated “the risks of a takeover and management of Liberty’s (system) are extremely high.” “The (Federal Reserve) is clearly on track to raise interest rates,” Husing said. “They’ve already made one ... The market betting is they will make their second move in June, with a third or fourth move later this year (and) three more in 2018. When these (eminent domain actions) get into court, they take a long time, and what are the rates going to be in 2019?” The 12 percent figure inherent to Measure F’s ballot language is the maximum interest rate that can be charged under the Revenue Bond Act, according to town officials, but Puckett called it “just a ridiculous number.” “I never suggested any rate ever approaching 12 percent,” he said. “I’ve been in the public sector for 31 years, and I’m not aware of any municipality that’s ever issued bonds at 12 percent. It’s extremely unusual for municipal bonds to get above 6 percent.” Both Puckett and Husing use Liberty’s 2015 Annual Report — filed with the California Public Utilities Commission — to support their claims. Because Liberty has increased water rates twice since that filing, Puckett believes the nearly $12 million could be as high as $14 million, which “creates a range of possible values in terms of the resources that would be immediately available to the town to use” for debt service at between 4 and 4.75 percent. Husing, meanwhile, said the interest Park Water Company — the system’s previous owner — paid between 1995 and 2013 on the system in Downey ranged from a low of 4.5 to a high of 8.8 percent. “That’s a very similar operation,” Husing said. “It’s owned by the same company for whom there was a purchase by Liberty of their systems, and those were the rates they were paying on bonds used to acquire the system. So, excuse me, with all due respect, but these are the rates I’m looking at that led me to my conclusions.” But Puckett stood by the town’s Standard and Poor’s “A” bond rating — which he said is higher than Liberty’s “BBB” — as well as data provided by Barclays Capital, when discussing what he sees as the probability of interest rates below 5 percent. “Even at $150 million, with acquisition at 4.75 percent, which is a very conservative rate based on current market conditions, the acquisition bonds can be financed within the current (water) rate.” Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow This sketchy mockup claims to be the finalized design of the iPhone 8 602 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The successor to the iPhone 7 Plus (seen above) could look just like these leaked pics. Image: lili sams/mashable By Brett Williams2017-05-17 23:58:57 UTC We've heard a ton about what's probably coming with the iPhone 8 — but we still don't even know for sure if Apple has even decided on the flagship's final design.   The company's indecisiveness about the final version of the flagship's anniversary model has reportedly been one of the factors in its rumored delay, along with more technical issues, like how to embed a thumbprint sensor beneath its touted OLED display.   BGR shared a set of images purporting to show a rough mockup based on Apple's final design, giving us a look at what might be the future of the iPhone. The device shown in the pics, which the site obtained "exclusively" from unnamed sources, was supposedly based on schematics leaked from the factories that will actually produce the devices. It's not a working model or even a prototype — just a physical proof of concept.   SEE ALSO: Apple, please don't kill the iPad mini Though chances that this is the actual design are slim, the rough mockup shows some features we've been expecting based on other leaks: an edge-to-edge screen with no visible bezels, no physical home button, and an all glass and stainless steel sandwich design that harkens back to the iPhone 4. The very first actual images of the iPhone 8 (prototype) via @BGR pic.twitter.com/LIIpS3ChPX — Safwan Ahmedmia (@SuperSaf) May 17, 2017 The mockup's rear has the expected vertically-oriented dual camera rig, but what's more important is what we don't see: a rear fingerprint scanner, like Samsung had to settle for on the Galaxy S8. BGR claimed the images posted were an "exclusive first look" at the iPhone 8's final design — but the device shown in the photos appears to be identical to pictures of another "dummy" device posted by designer Benjamin Geskin last month. That handset was more explicitly said to be based on specs leaked from a source at Apple's manufacturer, Foxconn.  iPhone 8 Dummy (This is CNC model according to Foxconn) Back is 2.5D Glass.#iPhone8 #iPhoneX #iPhoneEdition pic.twitter.com/Z8mH7b7z4r — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) April 23, 2017 Geskin updated the leaked images using his design chops and insight from other leaks to show off what that version of the design might look in its final form. Only the slightest hint of a bezel remains at the top of the device for the front facing camera, while the rear dual camera and the Apple logo have been spruced up from the original pictures.  I hope this gives you a better idea of how #iPhone8 will look like. (original: https://t.co/N4XziSmtGY) pic.twitter.com/Bir3SoDtxv — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 17, 2017 There's likely no way to know whether the device shown in BGR's pics is the same as the one originally posted by Geskin — just like there's no way to confirm that Apple has actually settled on this (or any) design as its final choice for the next iPhone. The company doesn't comment on rumors, and holds its secrets as close to the chest as it can until its breathless keynote events.  The chances of this being the actual iPhone 8 design are low, especially without any additional specs to go along with the images. Until we hear from Apple, though — which will more than likely happen in September, not at the World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC) event in June — we won't know for sure. WATCH: iPhone 8 rumors include a 'Smart Connector' for AR headset Topics: Apple, dummy-model, iphone 8, leak, Mobile, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Apple parts firms sued Thursday, May 18, 2017 Qualcomm has filed a complaint against Foxconn Technology and three other Apple contract manufacturers for not paying royalties, firing the latest salvo in its fight with the iPhone maker. The other manufacturers listed by Qualcomm were Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics. Apple sued Qualcomm in January, accusing it of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1bn (€906m) in promised rebates. Qualcomm said in the complaint Apple is trying to force the company to agree to an “unreasonable demand for a below-market direct license”. Qualcomm said last month that Apple had decided to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers that are owed to the chipmaker, for sales made in the first quarter of 2017, until the dispute is resolved in court. “While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay,” Qualcomm said in a statement. Apple has agreed to indemnify the manufacturers for any damages resulting from breaching their agreements with Qualcomm, the chipmaker said in the complaint filed in the US District Court for the Southern District of California. Qualcomm said it sought an order that would require the manufacturers to comply with their long-standing contractual obligations to the company, as well as declaratory relief and damages. The chipmaker slashed its current-quarter profit and revenue forecasts in April, saying it excluded revenue receivable from the four contract manufacturers. Qualcomm, the largest maker of chips used in smartphones, is a major supplier to Apple and Samsung Electronics for modem chips that connect phones to wireless networks. Foxconn is the trading name of Taiwan’s Hon Hai Precision Industry, the main assembler of Apple devices. Shares in Qualcomm have fallen 14% since the start of the year. However, they are up by 10% from this time a year ago. Apple shares have risen by almost a third this year and have climbed 66% since a year ago. n Reuters READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Euro rises amid latest White House troubles Man Utd revenues boosted by TV rights DCC share price slip despite strong first half EU report to focus on Irish home prices Breaking Stories Evolving political landscape key challenge to farming sector Jobs expo for prisoners in Dublin Lifestyle Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs? New book could be the perfect answer to relationship and parenting woes House of Pain reminisce about visiting Ireland Looking into your eyes for a view of your health More From The Irish Examiner Watch: Fiona the baby hippo's trip to the dentist Chelsea Manning takes to Instagram to celebrate her release from prison #loveislove: The world celebrates the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia Enda Kenny steps down: Twitter was very quick to react to the news The outdoor cinema is returning to Cork's Fitzgerald's Park on Saturday That story about the student who finished his essay in a nightclub was a hoax Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11 32 39 41 42 44 9 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Priest sends out warning message at funeral of Clare teen Conor Wilmot Scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders €20k scratch card winner drives from Kerry to Dublin straight away without telling family to collect winnings ‘When I turned pro, I was miles away from the required standard’ ‘Heartless’ man tied up his disabled sister and robbed sick mum of €11k saved for funeral Cork scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders Lockdown at White House has been cleared Murder probe launched in UK as 'beautiful' girl, 16, found dead in car following crash Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu This is Cork’s famine NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ SPORT Stephen McDonnell: The young lads are ready. They’ll be in the zone Ospreys are now Stander’s sole focus LIFESTYLE New book could be the perfect answer to relationship and parenting woes Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs?     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
null
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 21 P/SUNNY TOKYO (4 p.m.) Markets 111.25 ¥/$ (3 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ The Apple iPhone 7 is displayed at the Apple Store at the Grove in Los Angeles in 2016. Mobile chip maker Qualcomm has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple's iPhone and iPad manufacturers, the latest in an ongoing dispute. | AP Business Qualcomm-Apple patent dispute drawing in Taiwanese contractors as sides stand firm AP May 18, 2017 Article history Online: May 18, 2017 Last Modified: May 18, 2017 PRINT SHARE NEW YORK – An escalating battle between Apple and Qualcomm over money and patent rights is drawing in Taiwanese contractors that assemble Apple’s iPhones. Apple claims that Qualcomm is overcharging for patent-related license fees on iPhone sales, a point Qualcomm disputes. Last month, Apple Inc. began refusing to pay royalties until the courts determine how much it owes, a process that could take several years. According to a federal lawsuit Qualcomm filed Wednesday, Apple has also instructed its contractors to withhold those payments and has agreed to indemnify them for damages from any lawsuits. Qualcomm has separate licensing agreements with the contractors. Qualcomm’s lawsuit says those contractors are still paying royalties for non-Apple products. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Diego, names Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., and its subsidiary, FIH Mobile Ltd; Pegatron Corp.; Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. The companies make iPhones and iPads for Apple. Qualcomm previously sued Apple accusing it of breaking contracts and interfering in deals negotiated with iPhone suppliers. “As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms,” Qualcomm’s general counsel, Don Rosenberg, said in a statement. The case underscores the influence Apple wields over the companies that make its products and parts for them. Many contractors become dependent on Apple’s business; recently, British chipmaker Imagination Technologies’ stock took a dive after it announced that Apple plans to stop using its products. Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Its patents cover a wide range of technologies essential for 3G and LTE cellular communications — and hence iPhones and cellular models of iPads. Qualcomm says Apple is making unreasonable demands for licenses at below-market prices. Apple counters that Qualcomm has been abusing its power in the mobile chip market to charge for royalties on features that aren’t covered by its patents. Apple says Qualcomm’s technologies cover a small portion of what goes into iPhones, yet Qualcomm is seeking a percentage of iPhone sales. “They do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it’s one small part of what an iPhone is,” CEO Tim Cook said during a May 2 conference call with financial analysts. “It’s not — it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don’t think that’s right, and so we’re taking a principled stand on it.” The Cupertino, California, company isn’t alone in its accusations against Qualcomm. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Apple, patents, iPhones, Qualcomm, Foxconn, licensing Business ‘Shadow Brokers’ threatens to release more cyber attack tools Japan’s economy expands for fifth straight quarter, at 0.5%, but spending remains tepid Indian Cabinet approves plans to build 10 reactors in bid to fast-track nuke power quest Fallout over Trump reports weigh on global stocks and the dollar Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Princess Mako, granddaughter of Emperor, set to marry ex-classmate Princess Mako’s fiance-to-be proposed a year after they met, officials say Roppongi’s Hardy Barracks, a little-known U.S. base in the middle of Tokyo Patriotic Japan poster from 2011 causes social media stir after campaign’s model outed as Chinese Anisakis infections from raw fish on rise, health ministry warns Princess Mako and Komuro to go through series of rituals before wedding Music schools to sue Japan’s largest copyright collection group over plan to collect fees Japanese rejoice over news of Princess Mako’s planned engagement Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Apple's 'Made in India' iPhones to hit stores this month Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple's 'Made in India' iPhones to hit stores this monthShilpa Phadnis & Anand J Apple will begin full-scale production of `Made in India' iPhones coming out of a factory in Bengaluru later this year as it awaits more clarity on the GST rollout. | Updated: May 18, 2017, 08.11 AM IST Highlights India will be only the third country globally to assemble iPhones. Apple said it is beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in BengaluruIndia will be only the third country, globally, to assemble iPhones. BENGALURU: Apple will begin full-scale production of 'Made in India' iPhones coming out of a factory in Bengaluru later this year, as it awaits to seek more clarity on the goods and services tax (GST) rollout. The Cupertino-based maker of iPhones and iPads has completed the assembly of a few thousand iPhone SEs in Bengaluru that will reach its distribution masters Redington and Ingram shortly. The firm will start shipping iPhones to domestic customers later this month. The Wall Street Journal reported the development on Wednesday. India will be only the third country globally to assemble iPhones, signalling how important it has become for one of the world's most valued companies. The 4-inch phone powered by an A9 chip that's used in iPhone 6S, comes with a 12-megapixel camera. Taiwanese company Wistron, an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) of Apple, will make the iPhones out of its facility in the city's industrial hub of Peenya. In response to TOI's query, Apple said it is beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. "iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we will begin shipping to domestic customers this month," the company said in a statement. Karnataka IT minister Priyank Kharge said Apple's decision to assemble iPhones is a testimony to the vibrant ecosystem of the city. Apple uses a fairly complex supply chain. The parts for the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac are manufactured, mostly by third parties, across 28 countries. It has 766 suppliers, of which 346 are based in China, 126 in Japan, and 69 in the US. There is one in India, a unit of Flextronics in Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu. For the Apple Mac, the final assembly happens in China, US, and Ireland — the last of these is Apple's own facility — and for the iPod, China is the only final assembly location. Apple CEO Tim Cook has called out India's standout performance during its earnings call. The sales of iPhones grew 50% in the 2016 fiscal. Cook said that the 4G roll-out in particular could have a huge impact. There is enough headroom for growth, thanks to a burgeoning base of India's young demography, and rising per capita income that will create a huge opportunity. India is becoming particularly important for Apple because China, which has been a huge market for the company, is faltering. Apple sold less than 3 million units last year, clocking annual sales of over $1.5 billion. "Apple won't be assembling in India alone, but is likely to leverage it as an export hub. But how big the facility will be or how soon they are going to expand the facility depends on how they will navigate regulatory challenges," IDC India senior research manager Navkendar Singh said. Apple has been battling Samsung for the top slot in the premium smartphone range (Rs 30,000 and above). In the January-March quarter, Samsung replaced Apple as the top premium smartphone vendor with a 48% market share, up from 31% in October-December, showed data shared by Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple's share dropped to 43% from 62%. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017 New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly How Will Today’s Students Create The World Of Tomorrow? Microsoft More from The Times of India Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Major beats 3 stray dogs to death in Dehradun Brake failure may've caused Delhi car crash From the Web More From The Times of India Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLXAcura 5 Best Meal Delivery Services for Weight LossMyHealthyMeals Monica Lewinsky's Net Worth Doesn't Make Any SenseKiwi Report Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 MinivansMinivans - Sponsored Ads What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD Spot gold may retrace to $1,252 before rising Class XII marks expected to bring down cutoffs How Nirbhaya changed me (or didn’t) How a new gen of Kashmiri women has taken to purdah IGI Metro: Plea likely in HC for fast payment ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Big guns: Modern artillery guns to arrive in India after Bofors scandal Not correct to assume IT industry going for big job cuts: Government Women’s cricket: India openers put on a world record 320-run stand Do NOT Pay for a Recruiter. Good Ones Make Money From Empl.. Ad: Job Search Ads Market close: Sensex, Nifty50 continue record-breaking spree Continuing its dream run on Dalal Street, the domestic equity indices yet again scaled new lifetime highs on Wednesday amid sustained optimism among investors on better-than-expected Q4 earnings and prospects of good rainfall. The S&P BSE Sensex gained 76 points to settle the day at a fresh closing high of 30,658. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange (NSE) ended 13.50 points higher at 9,525, with 23 constituents ending the day in the green. HUL posts 6% rise in Q4 net profit at Rs 1,183 crore FMCG major Hindustan Unilever posted better-than-expected financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. It posted 6.19 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 1,183 crore for Q4FY17 against Rs 1,114 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. From around the Web Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This $68 Polo… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon The World Is Taking Notice Of Russias New Super Tank HistoryInOrbit.com He Found A Trap Door In His Basement, Leading Him To A Hau.. The Buzz Tube More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India RP-Sanjiv Goenka holding co CESC to split four ways Hotels take pollution plea to LG’s office Read MoreMade in India iPhonesiPhonesApple iPhone in IndiaApple iPhoneapple bengaluru Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners HUL volumes rise again, Q4 profit increases 6% RP-Sanjiv Goenka holding co CESC to split four ways ‘Android Go to be rolled out in 2018’ New MV Act to cut insurance losses 1Apple's 'Made in India' iPhones to hit stores this month 2HUL volumes rise again, Q4 profit increases 6% 3RP-Sanjiv Goenka holding co CESC to split four ways 4‘Android Go to be rolled out in 2018’ 5New MV Act to cut insurance losses Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Arun Jaitley Sensex SRH vs KKR Bengal Civic Poll Results 3 Years of Modi Vladimir Putin SRH vs KKR Live Score XXX Return of Xander Cage Baahubali Box Office Cannes 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Maruti Dzire 2017 Donald Trump PM Modi Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics OBOR IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Apple / iPad 3 almost exactly the same shape as iPad 2 iPad 3 almost exactly the same shape as iPad 2 Jules January 30, 2012 Apple, iPad Ringing the Apple PR team and asking about future products is about as effective as using a Ouija board to ask Steve Jobs himself. It’s a pretty pointless exercise. Fortunately, KitGuru does not have to be a master of the tea leaves in order to update you on the iPad 3. Read on, true believer. A chain is as strong as its weakest link. In the case of Apple, its wall of silence is as effective as the weakest link in its supply chain. Because the hardware itself generates precious little profit for the poor buggers who sell it, the accessories market has grown out of all proportion. And, importantly for us, the accessories have to confirm to Apple’s physical characteristics. We’ve managed to make contact with a source close to one of the biggest Apple accessories manufacturers and, late Sunday night, discovered some interesting facts about the new iPad 3. The source started by revealing that the physical shape of the iPad 2 and 3 are almost identical. OK. Then we were told that the new one will have an improved screen technology, which our source hinted would be HD – but would not actually confirm. The iPad 3 will taper at the edges, but the centre of the device will be deeper than the iPad 3 – in order to allow for the updated screen. Then we learned something else, something that we had not asked about. “To be honest”, our source said. “It’s going to be much more like an iPad 2 Pro – rather than a completely new iPad 3”. When we asked about pure horsepower, the conversation went in a different direction. The increase in processing power we all expect in the iPad 3, may well not yield obvious results, we were told. The existing iPad 2 is, largely, single tasking and – as such – you can’t expect it to chunter along much quicker than it does. With Windows 8 likely to message heavily on the concept of multi-tasking, the additional power in the iPad 3 could well be used up just trying to swap tasks back and forth – adding some functionality, but not necessarily performance. The iPad 3 is unlikely to feature an edge-to-edge 'infinity pool' design KitGuru says: As a single chip solution, moving from 1280 to 1920 would increase the number of pixels that need processing by more than 50%, and that work will need to happen somewhere. We don’t expect existing iPad 2 covers etc to work with iPad 3, but it will be close. If the product hardly changes size/shape in 3 generations, then it just goes to prove that Apple nailed the form factor when the original launched 2 years ago. Clever buggers. Comment below or in the KitGuru forums. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 1920x1080 Apple hd on ipad ipad ipad 3 ipad 3 launch ipad 3 same size as ipad 2 ipad new latest ipad rumours New news Previous NVIDIAs Kepler making its way to Ultrabooks? Next Megaupload users may start losing data Check Also Apple may refresh its MacBooks next month but the iPad Mini is on the chopping block Apple’s annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) is just around the corner, which means there are … iphone accessories While the rumors are most likely true and the iPad 3 will most likely be more of a slight improvement to the iPad2, I am hoping it is not. I have been waiting for the new and improved display that was promised for the iPad2 and was disappointed. I was hoping it would come with the iPad3 but it does not look like it is here with it either. Don’t get me wrong, I love my iPad and I could not imagine life with out it. But with the release of the iPhone 4S, I was expecting BIG things with the iPad3. Polls Likely cost of your next earphones (not headphones)? Under £10 £10 to £20 £20 to £50 £50 to £100 Over £100 Always use headphones View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google is doing deep surgery on Android The search giant's mobile software runs on 2 billion devices. Its next job: Getting those devices on the latest version -- and trying to reach a billion more. Tech Industry by Richard Nieva May 17, 2017 11:18 AM PDT @richardjnieva 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF In 2006, Andy Rubin -- who created Google's Android software -- showed an early demo of his mobile operating system to Hiroshi Lockheimer, then a 31-year-old college dropout he hoped to hire at Google. It was two years before Android's official debut, and that first demo was crude. It was on a candybar of a phone, the HTC Tornado, with a small screen and a physical keypad. "It didn't look anything like Android does today," Lockheimer, now Android's chief, tells me in a conference room with a glass wall overlooking Google's campus in Mountain View, California. "It was nowhere near [version] 1.0 ... but it just felt so tantalizing." Android has since become the most popular mobile OS on the planet. On Wednesday, at Google's annual I/O developer conference, the company announced Android now runs on 2 billion devices, up from 1.4 billion in 2015. (By comparison, Apple's iOS software runs on nearly 1.7 billion iPhones and iPads.) Hiroshi Lockheimer, Android's chief, is trying to fight off fragmentation. James Martin/CNET Android isn't just on phones. It's also in cars, watches, TVs and, in the age of internet-connected everything, random devices like security cameras, fridges and routers. That's why Google is touting new figures about each of its Android offshoots. Android Autos, its in-car dashboard software, runs on 300 models, including cars from Volvo and Audi. Android Wear, software tailored for wearable tech, is in almost 50 watches, from brands like Movado and Emporio Armani. Android TV boasts 1 million activations every two months and has more than 3,000 TV apps. And Android Things, Google's platform for the burgeoning "internet of things" has "thousands" of developers in 60 countries. Spreading the gospel of Android is crucial for Lockheimer and Google CEO Sundar Pichai because the OS is the gateway drug to the company's services, including Google Maps, Gmail, YouTube and its iconic search engine. To broaden Android's scope, Google set its sights on everything -- from staking a place in your living room to reaching people in remote countries, where entire populations are just coming online. But even with Android's polished resume, Lockheimer has a problem -- especially as Google and Apple keep jostling for supremacy. Asked what the 10th anniversary of the iPhone means to him, he says, "Nothing. It's great to have really capable competitors." That milestone doesn't matter because, he says, "Every year we're competing with Apple." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android, says Project Treble is a "profound change" for Android. James Martin/CNET I buy that in part because it's not about getting Android on phones. Google already dominates in that department. Almost nine out of every 10 smartphones shipped worldwide run on Android. The problem is getting the newest version of Android in people's hands. Literally. If you have an Android phone, it's a mathematical likelihood you're using an old version of the software. Only about 7 percent of all Android users currently have the most recent version, called Nougat, installed on their devices. A whopping 82 percent of Android owners are on three older versions: Marshmallow, Lollipop and KitKat. The oldest of those, KitKat, was released in 2013. (By comparison, Apple's most recent version of its mobile software, iOS 10, has found its way onto 79 percent of all iPhones and iPads.) For the uninitiated, Google's got a sweet tooth when it comes to naming major Android releases. They're in alphabetical order, and all have a confectionary namesake (KitKat is Lockheimer's favorite candy). Now Google is sharing new details about the next version, which for now is nicknamed "Android O." The goal: Getting more people to adopt the software so it doesn't end up being more like "Android Ohhh yeah I remember when they announced it, but what happened?" Part of Google's plan is something called Project Treble, which tries to clear away some of the roadblocks between consumers and new versions of Android. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date," says David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android. "It's a pretty profound change." Operation Android To understand the solution, you first have to understand the problem. Android suffers from a pesky condition the industry calls "fragmentation." (Bear with me. This is going to get a little wonky.) Though Google develops the software, it's up to device makers and wireless carriers to sign off on it before it gets to you. That's because they usually add their own apps and flourishes then have to test everything before putting it on phones and other gadgets. But even before the software gets to handset makers such as Samsung and LG, or carriers such as Verizon and AT&T, it makes a pit stop with chipmakers. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android One of the targets of Project Treble is those chipmakers, which include companies like Qualcomm. The chipmakers customize bits of Android code to make sure the software works well with their processors. This can be tricky because the code is interspersed throughout Android's framework. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news At least, it used to be. With Project Treble, Google separated out the particular code that chipmakers care about to make it easier for them to find everything in one place. That should cut the amount of time it takes for updates to flow down the pipeline from chipmakers to device makers. "The goal here is, can we cut down the number of months it takes from when there's a new version of Android to the time it gets to users?" says Burke. "Ultimately it's trying to make it easier -- grease the wheels of the whole ecosystem." Still, it's not a silver bullet. While Project Treble addresses the first part of the pipeline, handset makers and carriers can still take as much time as they want before pushing out Android updates. That's because hardware manufacturers might not find it profitable to update your phone, says Jan Dawson, principal analyst at JackDaw Research. If you get fed up with your outdated software, you could end up buying a whole new phone. "They have mixed incentives," he says. Lockheimer thinks Project Treble is a big deal, but he also takes a tempered view of its impact. "It doesn't mean automatic updates are going to happen," he says. "It's still work. And someone needs to do that work." Vital signs With Android O, officially released later this summer, Google focused on the "fundamentals," Lockheimer tells me. That's things like speed, performance and battery life. Google calls these "vitals," which is especially apt given all its talk about "deep surgery" for Android. One thing Google did to conserve your phone's battery life is limit what developers can do with apps running in the background. As an example, it's put more restrictions on what an app can do with location services or launching into specific tasks. "If your battery goes out at 4 p.m., it doesn't matter what features your phone has," says Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson, director of product management for Android. Google said it worked closely with app developers to strike a balance between what was good for the app and what was good for users. The company is also introducing a new feature on Wednesday called Google Play Protect, which will let people see how Google uses machine learning to scan apps to make sure they won't harm your phone with viruses or malware. But Google is trying to fix more than just the plumbing. Android O will show off a bunch of new features to the 7,200 developers expected to attend I/O over the next three days. There's a new smart copy-and-paste feature that seems particularly interesting. When you highlight text in an article or text message, for instance, Android will automatically detect if it's an address or a proper noun. If it's an address, the software will highlight the entire address, so you don't have to. And instead of merely suggesting actions such as "copy" or "select all," it may suggest a map. If you select a phone number, expect to see the phone dialer. Google is also bringing autofill features to Android, similar to how they work on browsers. If you enter your login information in an app, your phone will ask if you want to save your password or username. The next time you try logging into an app, you'll be given the choice to autofill the information. (The text box will turn yellow, just like it does on Google's Chrome browser.) Another feature is picture-in-picture, which had been available for Android TV but not on phones. It's not just for videos. Burke says the company is also working on a version for Google Maps. That means you can see a small map at the corner of your screen if you want to switch apps to, say, play a song or look up a restaurant on Yelp. Living room dreams "Can we turn off those lights?" We're in a tiny room at Google's sprawling headquarters that has been set up to look like a living room. There's a TV, a couch, a coffee table and some floor lamps. As CNET's video crew sets up for a shot, one of our cameramen worries the room is too bright. When he asks to kill the lights, Sascha Prueter, director of Android TV, says, "Actually, that's a good demo." "Turn out the lights," he says, speaking into a video game controller. The lights go out. The crew cheers. Android TV has a new interface that puts movies and shows front and center. James Martin/CNET It's part of the the newest updates to Android TV, Google's software for powering set-top boxes and other TV devices, including the Nvidia Shield, which Prueter is using for the demo. It may seem a little odd to ask your TV to turn off the lights, but the company wants interactions like this to become second nature to you. Pichai unveiled Google's digital helper, called the Assistant, at last year's I/O. It's designed to compete with Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. The Assistant can do things like play songs, give you flight information or tell you the weather. With the Assistant on Android TV, you'll be able to check on things like an internet-connected security camera or use your voice to search for a particular actor on YouTube. When you highlight text in Android, a new feature gives you more options than just "copy" and "paste." Google The user interface for Android TV is getting a revamp too. Content will be front and center now, while you previously had to open up an app first. You'll also see a preview or snippet of a show or movie as you're scrolling through a list of options and rest the selector over a particular title. This is only the latest phase in the company's assault on your living room. Google already has Chromecasts for streaming video and audio, Google Wi-Fi routers for creating a strong home network and Google Home, a smart speaker with the Assistant built in. Home is meant to take on the Amazon Echo, which was a surprise hit when it was released two years ago. Your home is fast becoming one of the fiercest battlegrounds in Silicon Valley. Besides the brawl between Google and Amazon, Apple offers its HomeKit software for iOS and is rumored to be readying its own smart speaker. Microsoft just announced it will build Cortana into speakers with the help of outside device makers. And while Facebook hasn't announced any plans to enter the market, CEO Mark Zuckerberg spent all of last year building his own digital butler, named Jarvis. Adding the Assistant to Android TV is another Trojan horse for Google's digital helper. Prueter said the company is even working on versions of the service that work when the TV is off. That way, you might buy a Google Home for your kitchen, but use your Android TV in the living room. If Google gets its way, you'll eventually have multiple devices in your home, all equipped with the Assistant. It could get confusing -- and annoying -- if you try to talk to one device by saying the "OK Google" command and trigger every other Assistant-enabled device. Google is working on a fix for that problem, but it's not ready yet. Prueter says software will be able to deduce which device you're talking to by measuring things like voice clarity and distance. Go, Android, Go Google also has big plans in emerging markets to help it extend Android's reach. With a new initiative, internally nicknamed Android Go, it's working to make the mobile software cater to people with entry-level phones. That's not the first time it's tried to appeal to the wider market. Two years ago, it had a similar effort called Android One. But that focused on the device instead of the software. Android One initially launched in countries including India, Indonesia and the Philippines, where Google partnered with local manufacturers to build quality phones that were also affordable. Sameer Samat , vice president of product management, said 'Android Go' is about making Android work better for entry-level phones. James Martin/CNET But the focus has since shifted to address issues such as making sure Android phones get regular security updates, says Sameer Samat, vice president of product management for Android and Google Play. And the program focuses on the entire range of the market now, not just the low end. "While hardware is half the story, the software also has to be tuned for the needs of users that have limited data connectivity," Samat says. Most of the people who will use Android Go will probably be on prepaid data plans. So the software has a dashboard front and center where you can track all the data you've used and see what you still have available. It also has a special version of the Google Play store that prominently features apps that work better with entry-level phones. Of everything Android is announcing this year, Lockheimer says Android Go is his favorite because of what it represents: bringing computing to everyone. "To introduce a lot of new people to smartphones in a good way is something that's pretty exciting," he says. Kind of like when he first saw Android on that bulky phone 11 years ago. 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Tech Industry Google Alphabet Inc. CNET First Take Google Android O The new software digs deep in an effort to make Android faster and smoother. See it Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories San Francisco considers ban on sidewalk delivery robots 5 things we didn't get at Google I/O Google I/O gives a look at Android's future (The 3:59, Ep. 229) Google's Android now powers more than 2 billion devices Close   Discuss: Google is doing deep surgery on Android Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How Google injects speed into the mobile web A technology called progressive web apps is making websites less pokey on your phone. It's proving its worth with Twitter and Lancôme. Mobile by Stephen Shankland May 17, 2017 4:00 PM PDT @stshank Google is pushing for a faster mobile web experience. Brooks Kraft/Getty Images Google has tried for years to rehabilitate the web on your phone -- and it now has evidence it says shows the effort is paying off. When you're on your phone, tapping that link in Facebook to a news story or opening the browser to look up movie times can be a wince-inducing process. Even on a fast network with a high-end phone, the web today can be painfully slow and hard to use. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news A key part of fixing that is a programming movement called progressive web apps, or PWAs, that Google helped develop and that it's now promoting at its Google I/O developer conference. With PWAs, using the web can be a lot more like using a native app. Websites load fast, work even when there's no network connection, and notify you when a message arrives. One big example: the new Twitter Lite website that arrived for mobile devices in April. People use it 50 percent more than the earlier version, and when they do, they view 60 percent more pages, Google says. The new website loads 30 percent faster, and people ditch it 10 percent less. It's an important development for easier access to the internet. The web, controlled by no single company, weakens barriers between different territories in the tech world. Whether you're on Microsoft's Windows computers or Apple's Macs or Google's Android phones, you still browse the internet. But if the web sucks, it can't lift us above those divisions. The web helps open the door to new areas in computing -- virtual reality, augmented reality, cars, smart TVs, voice-operated speakers with video screens like Amazon's new Echo Show. The web levels the playing field, making it easier for new innovators to gain a foothold. And if you want to switch from a Mac to a Windows PC or vice-versa, the web smooths your way. Google's "progressive" approach Don't expect to dump your native apps for progressive web apps. But do expect them to spread. "The modern mobile web has gone mainstream," said Rahul Roy-Chowdhury, the Google vice president leading Chrome browser work at Google. Roy-Chowdhury unveiled new progressive web app plans at Google I/O on Wednesday. At the show, he's announcing three steps to try to make PWAs work better. Google's Workbox developer tool is designed to help programmers build PWAs, and its Lighthouse service to test those apps is now built directly into Chrome itself. Lastly, Google has finished Polymer 2.0, a collection of code that developers can use for a related technology called web components. Twitter loves PWAs Twitter is a big progressive web app fan. If you visit mobile.twitter.com with your phone, you can try it for yourself. With a compact 400 kilobyte download size, Twitter Lite is just 2.5 percent the size of the Android app, Twitter said. That's an important consideration for people using slow networks or paying by the byte. It's also easier on phone batteries than the native version, according to the company. It also fires up quickly -- several seconds faster than the native app, once you've created a home screen icon for it. They're easier to install, too, since all you do is open the web site. It installs its full abilities automatically in the background as you use it. Chrome and Firefox have built in the foundations for progressive web app technology. Microsoft is building it into its Edge browser -- and into Windows 10 and the Windows Store, moves that should help encourage programmers to embrace PWAs. Illustrating the openness advantages of the web, Microsoft will add PWAs to the Windows Store even without developers having to submit them. Apple lags Among major browser makers, Apple is a step behind. That means the full PWA experience isn't an option today on iPhones, in particular because Apple requires other browsers like Chrome and Firefox to use Apple's own browser foundation on its iOS-powered devices. But even on iOS, app developers are taking what steps they can toward progressive web apps. French perfumier Lancôme needed a better e-commerce system for mobile devices and pondered writing a native app, but decided on PWA instead since it expected few people to bother with downloading, installing and launching a sales app. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The result, according to Google, was 53 percent more people using the mobile website on iOS. On all mobile devices, people were 17 percent more likely to take an action like actually buying something, according to Google's stats. You might not have a particular passion for Lancôme's profitability. But everybody likes technology that responds quickly. So chances are good that even if you don't know how somebody's app was built, you'll like PWAs as much as Lancôme. It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Mobile Google Microsoft Twitter Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Google Lens vision recognition tells you what you're looking at Close   Discuss: How Google injects speed into the mobile... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts The Experience Is Everything at Turners 2017 Upfront Global Smart Greenhouse Market to Reach USD 1.31 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Global Aircraft Interface Device Industry Production 2017 New Analysis Report on Glass Mat Thermoplastic Market, 2017-2027 Bought by FMI Global Aircraft Autopilot System Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts LED Lighting Market Share Set to Grow USD 54.28 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Sales Market 2017 – Features Key Companies (Solta Medical, Cynosure, Sciton Inc., Wells Johnson Co, Invasix Ltd, Zeltiq Aesthetics) At 6.80% CAGR, Global Mineral Wool Market Size & Share Will Reach USD 14.65 Billion by 2022 Infratil annual earnings pip past guidance EY Announces Kara Goldin, hint® Founder and CEO, as an Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award Finalist in Northern California Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts The Experience Is Everything at Turners 2017 Upfront Global Smart Greenhouse Market to Reach USD 1.31 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Global Aircraft Interface Device Industry Production 2017 New Analysis Report on Glass Mat Thermoplastic Market, 2017-2027 Bought by FMI Global Aircraft Autopilot System Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts LED Lighting Market Share Set to Grow USD 54.28 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Sales Market 2017 – Features Key Companies (Solta Medical, Cynosure, Sciton Inc., Wells Johnson Co, Invasix Ltd, Zeltiq Aesthetics) At 6.80% CAGR, Global Mineral Wool Market Size & Share Will Reach USD 14.65 Billion by 2022 Infratil annual earnings pip past guidance EY Announces Kara Goldin, hint® Founder and CEO, as an Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award Finalist in Northern California Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext Global Apps for Earth campaign with WWF raises more than $8M Search Recent Posts Bucky on Parade: Public art project featuring Bucky Badger coming in spring 2018 Vancouver Carpet Cleaner Publishes Spring-Cleaning Tips Vancouver Carpet Cleaner Publishes Spring-Cleaning Tips Vancouver Furnace Company Talks Home Heating Vancouver Furnace Company Talks Home Heating Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow This sketchy mockup claims to be the finalized design of the iPhone 8 602 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The successor to the iPhone 7 Plus (seen above) could look just like these leaked pics. Image: lili sams/mashable By Brett Williams2017-05-17 23:58:57 UTC We've heard a ton about what's probably coming with the iPhone 8 — but we still don't even know for sure if Apple has even decided on the flagship's final design.   The company's indecisiveness about the final version of the flagship's anniversary model has reportedly been one of the factors in its rumored delay, along with more technical issues, like how to embed a thumbprint sensor beneath its touted OLED display.   BGR shared a set of images purporting to show a rough mockup based on Apple's final design, giving us a look at what might be the future of the iPhone. The device shown in the pics, which the site obtained "exclusively" from unnamed sources, was supposedly based on schematics leaked from the factories that will actually produce the devices. It's not a working model or even a prototype — just a physical proof of concept.   SEE ALSO: Apple, please don't kill the iPad mini Though chances that this is the actual design are slim, the rough mockup shows some features we've been expecting based on other leaks: an edge-to-edge screen with no visible bezels, no physical home button, and an all glass and stainless steel sandwich design that harkens back to the iPhone 4. The very first actual images of the iPhone 8 (prototype) via @BGR pic.twitter.com/LIIpS3ChPX — Safwan Ahmedmia (@SuperSaf) May 17, 2017 The mockup's rear has the expected vertically-oriented dual camera rig, but what's more important is what we don't see: a rear fingerprint scanner, like Samsung had to settle for on the Galaxy S8. BGR claimed the images posted were an "exclusive first look" at the iPhone 8's final design — but the device shown in the photos appears to be identical to pictures of another "dummy" device posted by designer Benjamin Geskin last month. That handset was more explicitly said to be based on specs leaked from a source at Apple's manufacturer, Foxconn.  iPhone 8 Dummy (This is CNC model according to Foxconn) Back is 2.5D Glass.#iPhone8 #iPhoneX #iPhoneEdition pic.twitter.com/Z8mH7b7z4r — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) April 23, 2017 Geskin updated the leaked images using his design chops and insight from other leaks to show off what that version of the design might look in its final form. Only the slightest hint of a bezel remains at the top of the device for the front facing camera, while the rear dual camera and the Apple logo have been spruced up from the original pictures.  I hope this gives you a better idea of how #iPhone8 will look like. (original: https://t.co/N4XziSmtGY) pic.twitter.com/Bir3SoDtxv — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 17, 2017 There's likely no way to know whether the device shown in BGR's pics is the same as the one originally posted by Geskin — just like there's no way to confirm that Apple has actually settled on this (or any) design as its final choice for the next iPhone. The company doesn't comment on rumors, and holds its secrets as close to the chest as it can until its breathless keynote events.  The chances of this being the actual iPhone 8 design are low, especially without any additional specs to go along with the images. Until we hear from Apple, though — which will more than likely happen in September, not at the World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC) event in June — we won't know for sure. WATCH: iPhone 8 rumors include a 'Smart Connector' for AR headset Topics: Apple, dummy-model, iphone 8, leak, Mobile, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 84 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware. Post to Facebook Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 7:46 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 7 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share An American cybersecurity analyst worked with a young British researcher known as "Malware Tech" to thwart a cyber attack that hobbled computer systems around the world. (May 17) AP Rally for online privacy in New York in 2016. (Photo: Justin Lane, EPA) 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Privacy experts are calling the global ransomware attack that hit 150 countries a prime example of why requiring tech companies to create backdoors into computer programs is a bad idea, because of the danger those digital keys might be stolen. “This is a fine example of the difficulty of keeping secrets,” said Cooper Quintin, a staff technologist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital liberties non-profit based in San Francisco. The WannaCry ransomware attack hit on Friday and was relatively quickly contained, but not before it infected at least 200,000 computers. The software used a flaw in the code for the Windows operating system that Microsoft and others said was stolen from the National Security Agency or a group believed to be affiliated with it, where it is thought to constitute part of a U.S. cyber-attack arsenal. The NSA has said it did not create ransomware tools, but has not addressed the issue of whether the original exploitable flaw the ransomware was based on came from stolen NSA cyber tools. Related stories How U.S. dodged a bullet in Friday's massive global ransomware attack Why a shadowy hacking crime group called Lazarus may have launched a mass ransomware attack Ransomware hack linked to North Korea, researchers say The fact that they appear to have been stolen from a U.S. government-linked group and are now in the public domain has bolstered tech companies' contention that security backdoors would do more harm than good — simply because these work-arounds risk ending up in criminal hands. "This attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem," Brad Smith, Microsoft's chief legal counsel, said in a blog post. "We have seen vulnerabilities stored by the CIA show up on WikiLeaks, and now this vulnerability stolen from the NSA has affected customers around the world," he wrote. "Repeatedly, exploits in the hands of governments have leaked into the public domain and caused widespread damage." Government officials and law enforcement have pressed tech companies to write security keys into computer programs and operating systems that would aid them in gaining access to the email, networks or smart phones of suspected criminals. This was the heart of the legal battle waged between Apple and the FBI for 43 days last year as the agency sought Apple's help to write software that would aid it in breaking into an iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook. A bill proposed last August by Senators Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., of the Senate Intelligence Committee, would have required companies to provide technical support to get to encrypted data, but didn’t specify how that would have to be done. Related: Apple v FBI timeline: 43 days that rocked tech During its legal battle, Apple argued that it shouldn’t be required to write code to allow the FBI to try to get into the iPhone because it was simply too dangerous to do so – once written, it could too easily get hacked, leaked and misused. In an Op-Ed in the Washington Post at the time, Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi sounded eerily prescient about the damage such stolen tools could wreak. "Great software has seemingly limitless potential to solve human problems — and it can spread around the world in the blink of an eye. Malicious code moves just as quickly, and when software is created for the wrong reason, it has a huge and growing capacity to harm millions of people," he wrote. The ransomware attack that started Friday is linked to code that started off with a U.S. government group, but ended up in criminal hands. A group called the Shadow Brokers said it stole the Windows vulnerabilities, also called exploits, and posted them online in mid-April, leading Microsoft to post a patch for those flaws. That wasn't enough: Because the vulnerability was in older Windows operating systems, one of which Microsoft had stopped supporting, users around the world who hadn't applied the patch were left vulnerable when a hacker organization — now thought to be the same one behind the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack — used the flaw to create malware that paralyzed computers. The government's argument, most often articulated by former FBI director James Comey, was that law enforcement needed to be able to overcome encryption and gain access to computer systems in order to fight law breakers and terrorists who have access to increasingly powerful digital tools to hide their activities. In March, Comey suggested that the United States and other countries could create a system to allow legal access to tech devices, "a framework, for when government access is appropriate.” The FBI declined to comment Wednesday. It’s reasonable to argue that mandating some kind of lawful access mechanisms could add some "unquantifiable additional degree of insecurity" to software and electronic devices, said Adam Klein, a senior fellow at the Center for New American Security in Washington D.C. who studies national security and surveillance. “The real question is whether the social value of solving some additional set of crimes would be less than or greater than the social cost that the risk of key theft would create. I don’t know what the answer to that is, but it’s not a frivolous question.” Tech companies and privacy advocates fear that there's simply no way for digital keys to any system to be 100% protected. “Even if you design backdoors with the goal of only allowing access by law enforcement, as a practical matter there’s no way to ensure that the bad actors don’t gain access,” said Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union. What happened this week won’t be lost on judges in the future should the government again try to get tech companies to build backdoor access into programs,  said Kristen Eichensehr, a law professor at the University of California at Los Angeles with an expertise in national security law and cybersecurity. “What we’ve seen happen with WannaCry lends credence to that — and certainly and any court is going to take it into account. The government has shown that it itself is persistently incapable of keeping its tools secure,” she said. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn WannaCry ransomware cyberattack hits computer users around the world  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A programmer shows a sample of a ransomware cyberattack on a laptop in Taipei, Taiwan, on May 13, 2017. According to news reports, a 'WannaCry' ransomware cyberattack hit thousands of computers in 99 countries encrypting files from affected computer units and demanding 300 US dollars through bitcoin to decrypt the files.  Ritchie B. Tongo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Tom Bossert, White House homeland security and counterterrorism adviser, speaks about the recent cyberattacks during a daily news briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House in Washington on May 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An electronic display calls on travelers to watch the analogue timetable at the main railway station in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, on May 13, 2017. A fast-moving wave of cyber attacks swept the globe, apparently exploiting a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the National Security Agency. Affected by the onslaught were computer networks at hospitals in Britain, Russia's interior ministry, the Spanish telecom giant Telefonica, the delivery company FedEx, German railway operator Deutsche Bahn and many other organizations.  Boris Roessler, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch an electronic board to monitor possible ransomware cyberattacks at the Korea Internet and Security Agency (KISA) in Seoul on May 15 2017. The notorious WannaCry ransomware, a type of malware that locks up files on a computer until victims pay a certain amount of money to hackers, struck South Korea's top theater chain CJ CGV the same day, industry sources said.  Yonhap via European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Patients wait near a queue number dispenser affected by the "WannaCry" attack at Dharmais Cancer Hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15, 2017. Global cyber chaos was spreading Monday as companies booted up computers at work following the weekend's worldwide "ransomware" cyberattack. The extortion scheme created chaos in 150 countries and could wreak even greater havoc as more malicious variations appear.  Dita Alangkara, AP Fullscreen Indonesian patients and relatives wait for their turn at the registration counter of the Dharmais Hospital, after the hospital's information system has been affected by a computer virus in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15 2017. According to media reports, the cancer hospital has been hit by the 'WannaCry' ransomware disturbing the service to the patients.  Mast Irham, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A journalist at work reads online news articles about cyber attacks, in Istanbul on May 15, 2017. According to reports, thousands of people were affected from a global cyberattack in the last two days.  Sedat Suna, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A display panel with an error can be seen at the main railway station in Chemnitz, Germany. Germany's national railway says that it was among the organizations affected by the global cyberattack but there was no impact on train services. Deutsche Bahn said early that departure and arrival display screens at its stations were hit May 12, 2017, by the attack.  P. Goezelt, dpa via AP Fullscreen A close-up view of Britain's National Health Service (NHS) website with a cyberattack warning, as seen on a laptop in London on May 13, 2017. According to a statement by the NHS, a number of hospital's and institutions operated by Britain's NHS were been hit by a large-scale ransomware cyberattack called 'WannaCry', causing failures to computer systems.  Andy Rain, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 84 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware. Post to Facebook Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 7:46 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 7 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share An American cybersecurity analyst worked with a young British researcher known as "Malware Tech" to thwart a cyber attack that hobbled computer systems around the world. (May 17) AP Rally for online privacy in New York in 2016. (Photo: Justin Lane, EPA) 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Privacy experts are calling the global ransomware attack that hit 150 countries a prime example of why requiring tech companies to create backdoors into computer programs is a bad idea, because of the danger those digital keys might be stolen. “This is a fine example of the difficulty of keeping secrets,” said Cooper Quintin, a staff technologist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital liberties non-profit based in San Francisco. The WannaCry ransomware attack hit on Friday and was relatively quickly contained, but not before it infected at least 200,000 computers. The software used a flaw in the code for the Windows operating system that Microsoft and others said was stolen from the National Security Agency or a group believed to be affiliated with it, where it is thought to constitute part of a U.S. cyber-attack arsenal. The NSA has said it did not create ransomware tools, but has not addressed the issue of whether the original exploitable flaw the ransomware was based on came from stolen NSA cyber tools. Related stories How U.S. dodged a bullet in Friday's massive global ransomware attack Why a shadowy hacking crime group called Lazarus may have launched a mass ransomware attack Ransomware hack linked to North Korea, researchers say The fact that they appear to have been stolen from a U.S. government-linked group and are now in the public domain has bolstered tech companies' contention that security backdoors would do more harm than good — simply because these work-arounds risk ending up in criminal hands. "This attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem," Brad Smith, Microsoft's chief legal counsel, said in a blog post. "We have seen vulnerabilities stored by the CIA show up on WikiLeaks, and now this vulnerability stolen from the NSA has affected customers around the world," he wrote. "Repeatedly, exploits in the hands of governments have leaked into the public domain and caused widespread damage." Government officials and law enforcement have pressed tech companies to write security keys into computer programs and operating systems that would aid them in gaining access to the email, networks or smart phones of suspected criminals. This was the heart of the legal battle waged between Apple and the FBI for 43 days last year as the agency sought Apple's help to write software that would aid it in breaking into an iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook. A bill proposed last August by Senators Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., of the Senate Intelligence Committee, would have required companies to provide technical support to get to encrypted data, but didn’t specify how that would have to be done. Related: Apple v FBI timeline: 43 days that rocked tech During its legal battle, Apple argued that it shouldn’t be required to write code to allow the FBI to try to get into the iPhone because it was simply too dangerous to do so – once written, it could too easily get hacked, leaked and misused. In an Op-Ed in the Washington Post at the time, Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi sounded eerily prescient about the damage such stolen tools could wreak. "Great software has seemingly limitless potential to solve human problems — and it can spread around the world in the blink of an eye. Malicious code moves just as quickly, and when software is created for the wrong reason, it has a huge and growing capacity to harm millions of people," he wrote. The ransomware attack that started Friday is linked to code that started off with a U.S. government group, but ended up in criminal hands. A group called the Shadow Brokers said it stole the Windows vulnerabilities, also called exploits, and posted them online in mid-April, leading Microsoft to post a patch for those flaws. That wasn't enough: Because the vulnerability was in older Windows operating systems, one of which Microsoft had stopped supporting, users around the world who hadn't applied the patch were left vulnerable when a hacker organization — now thought to be the same one behind the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack — used the flaw to create malware that paralyzed computers. The government's argument, most often articulated by former FBI director James Comey, was that law enforcement needed to be able to overcome encryption and gain access to computer systems in order to fight law breakers and terrorists who have access to increasingly powerful digital tools to hide their activities. In March, Comey suggested that the United States and other countries could create a system to allow legal access to tech devices, "a framework, for when government access is appropriate.” The FBI declined to comment Wednesday. It’s reasonable to argue that mandating some kind of lawful access mechanisms could add some "unquantifiable additional degree of insecurity" to software and electronic devices, said Adam Klein, a senior fellow at the Center for New American Security in Washington D.C. who studies national security and surveillance. “The real question is whether the social value of solving some additional set of crimes would be less than or greater than the social cost that the risk of key theft would create. I don’t know what the answer to that is, but it’s not a frivolous question.” Tech companies and privacy advocates fear that there's simply no way for digital keys to any system to be 100% protected. “Even if you design backdoors with the goal of only allowing access by law enforcement, as a practical matter there’s no way to ensure that the bad actors don’t gain access,” said Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union. What happened this week won’t be lost on judges in the future should the government again try to get tech companies to build backdoor access into programs,  said Kristen Eichensehr, a law professor at the University of California at Los Angeles with an expertise in national security law and cybersecurity. “What we’ve seen happen with WannaCry lends credence to that — and certainly and any court is going to take it into account. The government has shown that it itself is persistently incapable of keeping its tools secure,” she said. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn WannaCry ransomware cyberattack hits computer users around the world  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A programmer shows a sample of a ransomware cyberattack on a laptop in Taipei, Taiwan, on May 13, 2017. According to news reports, a 'WannaCry' ransomware cyberattack hit thousands of computers in 99 countries encrypting files from affected computer units and demanding 300 US dollars through bitcoin to decrypt the files.  Ritchie B. Tongo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Tom Bossert, White House homeland security and counterterrorism adviser, speaks about the recent cyberattacks during a daily news briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House in Washington on May 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An electronic display calls on travelers to watch the analogue timetable at the main railway station in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, on May 13, 2017. A fast-moving wave of cyber attacks swept the globe, apparently exploiting a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the National Security Agency. Affected by the onslaught were computer networks at hospitals in Britain, Russia's interior ministry, the Spanish telecom giant Telefonica, the delivery company FedEx, German railway operator Deutsche Bahn and many other organizations.  Boris Roessler, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch an electronic board to monitor possible ransomware cyberattacks at the Korea Internet and Security Agency (KISA) in Seoul on May 15 2017. The notorious WannaCry ransomware, a type of malware that locks up files on a computer until victims pay a certain amount of money to hackers, struck South Korea's top theater chain CJ CGV the same day, industry sources said.  Yonhap via European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Patients wait near a queue number dispenser affected by the "WannaCry" attack at Dharmais Cancer Hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15, 2017. Global cyber chaos was spreading Monday as companies booted up computers at work following the weekend's worldwide "ransomware" cyberattack. The extortion scheme created chaos in 150 countries and could wreak even greater havoc as more malicious variations appear.  Dita Alangkara, AP Fullscreen Indonesian patients and relatives wait for their turn at the registration counter of the Dharmais Hospital, after the hospital's information system has been affected by a computer virus in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15 2017. According to media reports, the cancer hospital has been hit by the 'WannaCry' ransomware disturbing the service to the patients.  Mast Irham, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A journalist at work reads online news articles about cyber attacks, in Istanbul on May 15, 2017. According to reports, thousands of people were affected from a global cyberattack in the last two days.  Sedat Suna, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A display panel with an error can be seen at the main railway station in Chemnitz, Germany. Germany's national railway says that it was among the organizations affected by the global cyberattack but there was no impact on train services. Deutsche Bahn said early that departure and arrival display screens at its stations were hit May 12, 2017, by the attack.  P. Goezelt, dpa via AP Fullscreen A close-up view of Britain's National Health Service (NHS) website with a cyberattack warning, as seen on a laptop in London on May 13, 2017. According to a statement by the NHS, a number of hospital's and institutions operated by Britain's NHS were been hit by a large-scale ransomware cyberattack called 'WannaCry', causing failures to computer systems.  Andy Rain, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 172 10 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google Photos will now let you make photo books, and that's a relief New tools improves the process with speed and price Post to Facebook Google Photos will now let you make photo books, and that's a relief New tools improves the process with speed and price  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qthae6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buzz Video podcasts Newsletter Google Photos will now let you make photo books, and that's a relief Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY Published 1:50 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago 430 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham likes the ease of designing and making photo books using Google Photo. Video by Robert Hanashiro MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif. — You can now make physical books from the Google Photos app, and we should all rejoice. Creating photos albums is quicker and less painful than rivals, the price is right, and the books look fabulous, too. Google updated our Photos account so we could try out the album feature. The feature goes live Wednesday, but only on desktop. Google says it will come to the smartphone app next week. Example of a book created with Google Photos, of a recent trip to Japan. The book cost $9.99  (Photo: Robert Hanashiro) Creating soft and hardcover albums from online photos has been available for years, from companies like Shutterfly, Snapfish, Apple and others. What sets the Google Photos process apart is speed and decisions. Google Photos is an app that automatically backs up your photos from your smartphone and computer, so you're one step ahead starting the album creation process here, because you don't have to upload a collection of photos to begin. Here's how it works:  The beauty of two-year-old Google Photos, which now has 500 million users, is its heritage—search. It uses facial recognition to automatically sort the people who you take the most photos of, which you can tweak by tagging as well. (Some 1.2 billion new photos are backed up on Google Photos every day, according to the company.) So, to start an album, do a search for mom, dad, brother, son, daughter, etc, or a place or event. In my case, I did a search for photos from a recent Japan trip. Now select the ones you want to use for the album. Then click the + sign at the top right menu, and select "Photo Book." You'll first get to decide on pricing — 7-inch square softcover for $9.99 (20 pages, extras are 35 cents a page) or 9 inch hardcover ($19.99 for 20 pages; 65 cents per page for extras) and then you get taken to a page where the photos are shown laid out in your book. (Shutterfly books start at $15.99 for a 7x9 softcover, while Apple starts at $9.99 for a slightly larger 8x6 book with 20 pages.) Once Google brings you to the layout page, you get few options here. You can change the title of your book, delete photos from the layout and move photos to different pages. You are offered one photo per page in the layout, and this is what really sets Google apart from photo giant Shutterfly, which offers many more choices that end up slowing the process down. Shutterfly books look great, but the choices are so many, it can take hours to complete. If there's a simple, one photo per page (which is exactly how I want them) offer in Shutterfly, I've yet to find it. Usually the software takes me through dizzying arrays of multi-photo layouts and cute sayings that get over-layed over my images. My auto-layout of the Japan photos took about 5 minutes to create, and two days for it to arrive. The book looks terrific, with excellent color reproduction. It doesn't look as snazzy as a big Shutterfly book, or a professionally produced $200 photo album, but I wasn't expecting more. It looks better than $10 should get me, and it's great to pass around a physical book instead of asking everyone to look down at the smartphone. In other Google Photos news: Suggested Sharing A new Sharing tab will be added to Google Photos, offering a way to send out photos of loved ones and friends from your photo sessions. "When you live your life and do your thing, a bunch of photos are created, but only a small fraction get shared," says Google Photos product manager David Lieb. The challenge--how could Google apply machine learning to solve the problem? The answer: "We can figure out which photos you take should be shared with your friends and vice versa." In a pre-brief with USA TODAY, Lieb showed photos from a recent bowling party among colleagues. Google recognized Lieb's friends, and sent the share suggestion to everyone in the photo, so he could see the images he took, plus the ones taken by others as well. Shared Libraries This new Google tool is really aimed at young moms and dads and their newborns. Parents can set up their accounts so that every new picture of the kid automatically shows up in both of their accounts, by giving each other full access to their photo libraries. The idea is that mom, or a caregiver, could take tons of photos of the baby during the day, and they will automatically show up to dad at work during the day, without either having to bother to click a share button. Both new features will be rolled out in the coming weeks. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google I/O 2017 highlights latest innovations  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens and updates to the Google Assistant during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O 2017 conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens, which lets you point your phone's camera at places and objects to get information about them.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Anil Sabharwal demonstrates updates to Google Photos during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson talks about Google Play Protect during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Scott Huffman talks about the Google Assistant now being available on the Apple iPhone during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Attendees wait in line to enter the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at the Shoreline Amphitheater on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Attendees wait for the start of the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A general view of the stage at the Google I/O 2017 conference being held at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, Calif., on May 17, 2017.  Laura Mandaro, USA TODAY Fullscreen For the second straight year, Google is expected to use its annual conference for software developers to push its latest hardware. Google I/O 2017, the company's developers conference starts with a keynote address at 1 p.m. ET, during which Google is likely to reveal lots of news about both its latest wave of gadgets and its software. The Googleplex is the corporate headquarters complex of Google, at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Calif.  Marco Della Cava, USA TODAY Fullscreen Updates to the next version of Google's Android software for mobile devices and its voice-controlled digital assistant are among the items expected to be on the agenda.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai spoke during last year's Google I/O 2016 at Shoreline Amphitheatre on May 19, 2016, in Mountain View, Calif. Sundar Pichai will deliver the keynote for the Google I/O 2017 conference May 17, 2017.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen During the 2016 Google I/O conference Google Vice President of Product Management Mario Queiroz introduced the new Google Home. Google is expected to announce news about developments for both its latest devices and its software.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham and subscribe to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on Apple Podcasts and Stitcher.  Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qthae6 Most Popular 'WannaCry' ransomware attack: What we know Yes, Apple really did patent its own pizza box Google Pixels: Here's what the flagship phone needs to be a winner Netflix is testing price hikes, but not surge pricing Move over, Siri: Google Assistant is now on the iPhone Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 84 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware. Post to Facebook Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Cybertools allegedly stolen from the NSA were used to craft the WannaCry ransomware.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ransomware attack is why we can't have security backdoors, say privacy advocates Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 7:46 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 7 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share An American cybersecurity analyst worked with a young British researcher known as "Malware Tech" to thwart a cyber attack that hobbled computer systems around the world. (May 17) AP Rally for online privacy in New York in 2016. (Photo: Justin Lane, EPA) 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Privacy experts are calling the global ransomware attack that hit 150 countries a prime example of why requiring tech companies to create backdoors into computer programs is a bad idea, because of the danger those digital keys might be stolen. “This is a fine example of the difficulty of keeping secrets,” said Cooper Quintin, a staff technologist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital liberties non-profit based in San Francisco. The WannaCry ransomware attack hit on Friday and was relatively quickly contained, but not before it infected at least 200,000 computers. The software used a flaw in the code for the Windows operating system that Microsoft and others said was stolen from the National Security Agency or a group believed to be affiliated with it, where it is thought to constitute part of a U.S. cyber-attack arsenal. The NSA has said it did not create ransomware tools, but has not addressed the issue of whether the original exploitable flaw the ransomware was based on came from stolen NSA cyber tools. Related stories How U.S. dodged a bullet in Friday's massive global ransomware attack Why a shadowy hacking crime group called Lazarus may have launched a mass ransomware attack Ransomware hack linked to North Korea, researchers say The fact that they appear to have been stolen from a U.S. government-linked group and are now in the public domain has bolstered tech companies' contention that security backdoors would do more harm than good — simply because these work-arounds risk ending up in criminal hands. "This attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem," Brad Smith, Microsoft's chief legal counsel, said in a blog post. "We have seen vulnerabilities stored by the CIA show up on WikiLeaks, and now this vulnerability stolen from the NSA has affected customers around the world," he wrote. "Repeatedly, exploits in the hands of governments have leaked into the public domain and caused widespread damage." Government officials and law enforcement have pressed tech companies to write security keys into computer programs and operating systems that would aid them in gaining access to the email, networks or smart phones of suspected criminals. This was the heart of the legal battle waged between Apple and the FBI for 43 days last year as the agency sought Apple's help to write software that would aid it in breaking into an iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook. A bill proposed last August by Senators Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., of the Senate Intelligence Committee, would have required companies to provide technical support to get to encrypted data, but didn’t specify how that would have to be done. Related: Apple v FBI timeline: 43 days that rocked tech During its legal battle, Apple argued that it shouldn’t be required to write code to allow the FBI to try to get into the iPhone because it was simply too dangerous to do so – once written, it could too easily get hacked, leaked and misused. In an Op-Ed in the Washington Post at the time, Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi sounded eerily prescient about the damage such stolen tools could wreak. "Great software has seemingly limitless potential to solve human problems — and it can spread around the world in the blink of an eye. Malicious code moves just as quickly, and when software is created for the wrong reason, it has a huge and growing capacity to harm millions of people," he wrote. The ransomware attack that started Friday is linked to code that started off with a U.S. government group, but ended up in criminal hands. A group called the Shadow Brokers said it stole the Windows vulnerabilities, also called exploits, and posted them online in mid-April, leading Microsoft to post a patch for those flaws. That wasn't enough: Because the vulnerability was in older Windows operating systems, one of which Microsoft had stopped supporting, users around the world who hadn't applied the patch were left vulnerable when a hacker organization — now thought to be the same one behind the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack — used the flaw to create malware that paralyzed computers. The government's argument, most often articulated by former FBI director James Comey, was that law enforcement needed to be able to overcome encryption and gain access to computer systems in order to fight law breakers and terrorists who have access to increasingly powerful digital tools to hide their activities. In March, Comey suggested that the United States and other countries could create a system to allow legal access to tech devices, "a framework, for when government access is appropriate.” The FBI declined to comment Wednesday. It’s reasonable to argue that mandating some kind of lawful access mechanisms could add some "unquantifiable additional degree of insecurity" to software and electronic devices, said Adam Klein, a senior fellow at the Center for New American Security in Washington D.C. who studies national security and surveillance. “The real question is whether the social value of solving some additional set of crimes would be less than or greater than the social cost that the risk of key theft would create. I don’t know what the answer to that is, but it’s not a frivolous question.” Tech companies and privacy advocates fear that there's simply no way for digital keys to any system to be 100% protected. “Even if you design backdoors with the goal of only allowing access by law enforcement, as a practical matter there’s no way to ensure that the bad actors don’t gain access,” said Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel with the American Civil Liberties Union. What happened this week won’t be lost on judges in the future should the government again try to get tech companies to build backdoor access into programs,  said Kristen Eichensehr, a law professor at the University of California at Los Angeles with an expertise in national security law and cybersecurity. “What we’ve seen happen with WannaCry lends credence to that — and certainly and any court is going to take it into account. The government has shown that it itself is persistently incapable of keeping its tools secure,” she said. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn WannaCry ransomware cyberattack hits computer users around the world  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A programmer shows a sample of a ransomware cyberattack on a laptop in Taipei, Taiwan, on May 13, 2017. According to news reports, a 'WannaCry' ransomware cyberattack hit thousands of computers in 99 countries encrypting files from affected computer units and demanding 300 US dollars through bitcoin to decrypt the files.  Ritchie B. Tongo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Tom Bossert, White House homeland security and counterterrorism adviser, speaks about the recent cyberattacks during a daily news briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House in Washington on May 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An electronic display calls on travelers to watch the analogue timetable at the main railway station in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, on May 13, 2017. A fast-moving wave of cyber attacks swept the globe, apparently exploiting a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the National Security Agency. Affected by the onslaught were computer networks at hospitals in Britain, Russia's interior ministry, the Spanish telecom giant Telefonica, the delivery company FedEx, German railway operator Deutsche Bahn and many other organizations.  Boris Roessler, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Employees watch an electronic board to monitor possible ransomware cyberattacks at the Korea Internet and Security Agency (KISA) in Seoul on May 15 2017. The notorious WannaCry ransomware, a type of malware that locks up files on a computer until victims pay a certain amount of money to hackers, struck South Korea's top theater chain CJ CGV the same day, industry sources said.  Yonhap via European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Patients wait near a queue number dispenser affected by the "WannaCry" attack at Dharmais Cancer Hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15, 2017. Global cyber chaos was spreading Monday as companies booted up computers at work following the weekend's worldwide "ransomware" cyberattack. The extortion scheme created chaos in 150 countries and could wreak even greater havoc as more malicious variations appear.  Dita Alangkara, AP Fullscreen Indonesian patients and relatives wait for their turn at the registration counter of the Dharmais Hospital, after the hospital's information system has been affected by a computer virus in Jakarta, Indonesia, on May 15 2017. According to media reports, the cancer hospital has been hit by the 'WannaCry' ransomware disturbing the service to the patients.  Mast Irham, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A journalist at work reads online news articles about cyber attacks, in Istanbul on May 15, 2017. According to reports, thousands of people were affected from a global cyberattack in the last two days.  Sedat Suna, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A display panel with an error can be seen at the main railway station in Chemnitz, Germany. Germany's national railway says that it was among the organizations affected by the global cyberattack but there was no impact on train services. Deutsche Bahn said early that departure and arrival display screens at its stations were hit May 12, 2017, by the attack.  P. Goezelt, dpa via AP Fullscreen A close-up view of Britain's National Health Service (NHS) website with a cyberattack warning, as seen on a laptop in London on May 13, 2017. According to a statement by the NHS, a number of hospital's and institutions operated by Britain's NHS were been hit by a large-scale ransomware cyberattack called 'WannaCry', causing failures to computer systems.  Andy Rain, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 84 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rsC2zz
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Android embraces the Kotlin programming language Kotlin, a popular new language for mobile platform that's compatible with Java, is now officially supported on Android. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | May 17, 2017 -- 23:45 GMT (16:45 PDT) | Topic: Mobility If you're not a mobile developer working win Android, chances are you haven't heard of Kotlin. If you are an Android programmer, it's the best thing since sliced bread. While Java has long been Android's main programming language, it's never a good fit. Java was written when "mobile" computing devices were 7-pound laptops. In the meantime, Apple iOS developers had the pleasure of working with mobile-first languages such as Swift. Unlike Swift, which is now open source but started as an in-house Apple product, Kotlin started out as a third-party language. Google has made Kotlin its third official Android programming language. Kotlin was written by the Russian Java developer company JetBrains. They found Java limiting, and saw little chance of it being improved. Simultaneously, they had a lot of legacy Java code base so they had no desire to port it to another language. First, they looked at existing Java virtual machine (JVM) languages such as Scala. Scala didn't make the grade either. Google I/O Google bets on AI-first as computer vision, voice recognition, machine learning improve Google releases Android O in beta, rolls out Android Go for entry-level devices Next-gen TPUs will train and run machine learning models Strides in computer vision leads to Google Lens feature Google to add jobs to search, dabbles as HR gatekeeper Smart Reply comes to Gmail for Android and iOS Photos: Android through the ages So JetBrains created their own Java-compatible language. Rather then reinvent the wheel, they borrowed many of Kotlin's features from other JVM languages such as Apache Groovy. This proved popular. As Rob Fletcher, a Netflix senior software developer, wrote, "Kotlin isn't revolutionary (with the possible exception of its null-handling) but feels like a very careful amalgamation of some of the best features of other languages. Its approach is very pragmatic and emphasizes interoperability with Java and a lack of surprise." Google has long had a close relationship with JetBrains. Android Studio, Google's official integrated development environment (IDE), is based on JetBrains' IDE. So, it comes as no surprise that Google announced at Google I/O that it would deliver "first-class support for Kotlin". For Android developers, "support is a chance to use a modern and powerful language, helping solve common headaches such as runtime exceptions and source code verbosity," JetBrains' CEO Maxim Shafirov wrote. "Kotlin is easy to get started with and can be gradually introduced into existing projects, which means that your existing skills and technology investments are preserved." Google will deliver Kotlin support in Android Studio 3.0, currently available in an early beta "canary" release. This release will ship with Kotlin out of the box. "Android developers [will] no longer need to install any extras or worry about compatibility," Shafirov added. "It also means that moving forward, you can rest assured that both JetBrains and Google will be supporting Android development in Kotlin." Android Studio 3.0 will also include a full suite of profiling tools to help programmers diagnose performance issues. It also will incorporate an improved Android Application Package (APK) analyzer. As for Kotlin, it's been added to Android's other official languages, Java and C++, because of what Jamal Eason, Android product manager, called, "popular request". Eason continued, "With this new language support, you can seamlessly add Kotlin code next to your existing Android app code and have access to all the great development tools found in Android Studio. You can choose to add Kotlin to your project using the built-in conversion tool found under Code → Convert Java File to Kotlin File, or you choose to create a Kotlin-enabled project with the New Project Wizard." What does "official" support mean? I mean, can't you just write for Android with Scala, Haskell, or Rust? Well, yes, you can. But with Kotlin, you'll get Google Android documentation, default installation with the Android software development kit (SDK), official Android tutorials, and Android code samples. Last but not least, you'll also get a good deal of Java compatibility. A Hacker News commentator wrote, "This looks like [it's] going to push Kotlin [into the] big leagues." Yes, yes it is, and many Android developer will be the happier for it. Related Stories: Google releases Android O in beta, rolls out Android Go for entry-level devices Android's existential crisis: Why Java needs to die on mobile devices Google launches Android programming course for absolute beginners Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Networking NBN leads globally on regional broadband: Ovum Google Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus to gain Daydream VR support Mobility Samsung Chromebook Pro briefly goes up for pre-order on Amazon Mobility Telstra and Optus quarterly complaints shoot up × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How Google injects speed into the mobile web A technology called progressive web apps is making websites less pokey on your phone. It's proving its worth with Twitter and Lancôme. Mobile by Stephen Shankland May 17, 2017 4:00 PM PDT @stshank Google is pushing for a faster mobile web experience. Brooks Kraft/Getty Images Google has tried for years to rehabilitate the web on your phone -- and it now has evidence it says shows the effort is paying off. When you're on your phone, tapping that link in Facebook to a news story or opening the browser to look up movie times can be a wince-inducing process. Even on a fast network with a high-end phone, the web today can be painfully slow and hard to use. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news A key part of fixing that is a programming movement called progressive web apps, or PWAs, that Google helped develop and that it's now promoting at its Google I/O developer conference. With PWAs, using the web can be a lot more like using a native app. Websites load fast, work even when there's no network connection, and notify you when a message arrives. One big example: the new Twitter Lite website that arrived for mobile devices in April. People use it 50 percent more than the earlier version, and when they do, they view 60 percent more pages, Google says. The new website loads 30 percent faster, and people ditch it 10 percent less. It's an important development for easier access to the internet. The web, controlled by no single company, weakens barriers between different territories in the tech world. Whether you're on Microsoft's Windows computers or Apple's Macs or Google's Android phones, you still browse the internet. But if the web sucks, it can't lift us above those divisions. The web helps open the door to new areas in computing -- virtual reality, augmented reality, cars, smart TVs, voice-operated speakers with video screens like Amazon's new Echo Show. The web levels the playing field, making it easier for new innovators to gain a foothold. And if you want to switch from a Mac to a Windows PC or vice-versa, the web smooths your way. Google's "progressive" approach Don't expect to dump your native apps for progressive web apps. But do expect them to spread. "The modern mobile web has gone mainstream," said Rahul Roy-Chowdhury, the Google vice president leading Chrome browser work at Google. Roy-Chowdhury unveiled new progressive web app plans at Google I/O on Wednesday. At the show, he's announcing three steps to try to make PWAs work better. Google's Workbox developer tool is designed to help programmers build PWAs, and its Lighthouse service to test those apps is now built directly into Chrome itself. Lastly, Google has finished Polymer 2.0, a collection of code that developers can use for a related technology called web components. Twitter loves PWAs Twitter is a big progressive web app fan. If you visit mobile.twitter.com with your phone, you can try it for yourself. With a compact 400 kilobyte download size, Twitter Lite is just 2.5 percent the size of the Android app, Twitter said. That's an important consideration for people using slow networks or paying by the byte. It's also easier on phone batteries than the native version, according to the company. It also fires up quickly -- several seconds faster than the native app, once you've created a home screen icon for it. They're easier to install, too, since all you do is open the web site. It installs its full abilities automatically in the background as you use it. Chrome and Firefox have built in the foundations for progressive web app technology. Microsoft is building it into its Edge browser -- and into Windows 10 and the Windows Store, moves that should help encourage programmers to embrace PWAs. Illustrating the openness advantages of the web, Microsoft will add PWAs to the Windows Store even without developers having to submit them. Apple lags Among major browser makers, Apple is a step behind. That means the full PWA experience isn't an option today on iPhones, in particular because Apple requires other browsers like Chrome and Firefox to use Apple's own browser foundation on its iOS-powered devices. But even on iOS, app developers are taking what steps they can toward progressive web apps. French perfumier Lancôme needed a better e-commerce system for mobile devices and pondered writing a native app, but decided on PWA instead since it expected few people to bother with downloading, installing and launching a sales app. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The result, according to Google, was 53 percent more people using the mobile website on iOS. On all mobile devices, people were 17 percent more likely to take an action like actually buying something, according to Google's stats. You might not have a particular passion for Lancôme's profitability. But everybody likes technology that responds quickly. So chances are good that even if you don't know how somebody's app was built, you'll like PWAs as much as Lancôme. It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Mobile Google Microsoft Twitter Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Google Lens vision recognition tells you what you're looking at Close   Discuss: How Google injects speed into the mobile... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 19 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) Here’s Who Steve Jobs Wanted to Be the ‘Voice of Apple’ Don Reisinger Fortune May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Late co-founder Steve Jobs might not have wanted to be the voice of his company. But he apparently had someone in mind who he thought could take on that task. In an interview with the Today Show in Australia this week, actor Jeff Goldblum said that Jobs called him “a few decades ago to be the voice of Apple.” Goldblum didn’t say why it didn’t work out, and suggested it might have had something to do with Apple not really being Apple at the time. “That was early on, and I did not know it was Steve Jobs,” Goldblum said. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter While Jobs considered Goldblum as an Apple spokesperson, as time went on, it was arguably Jobs who became the voice--and face--of Apple. The late Apple co-founder played a prominent role in every big Apple presentation and product announcement leading up to his death in 2011 and became a rockstar among his legion of fans. Jobs, himself, would even feature prominently in some of the company’s most iconic ads, including its “Think Different” campaign. “Here’s to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes, the ones who see things differently.” Jobs famously said in the 1997 “Think Different” commercial. But don’t feel too bad for Goldblum. A year earlier, 1996, he was co-starring in Independence Day, a film that only solidified his place as one of Hollywood’s most prominent actors. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com Google Photos Poses Some New Challenges for Instagram, Flickr, and Shutterfly Google Lens Aims to Make Your Camera Smarter Google Is Not Going the Way of Kleenex, Cellophane, or Aspirin Starbucks Registers Down in Widespread Outage Apple Park Opens Its Spaceship Hatch for First Peek Inside Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News The Future Of Robots And Artificial Intelligence Is Being Led By These 8 Companies International Business Times Apple Redesigned the Humble Pizza Box and It’s Life-Changing The Daily Meal Here's Who Steve Jobs Wanted to Be the 'Voice of Apple' Fortune UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Business Insider House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC Bella Hadid Has Wardrobe Malfunction, Hangs With Emily Ratajkowski at the Cannes Film Festival Yahoo Celebrity Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 got Mantis all wrong, says character creator Polygon Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video There is no chance that Donald Trump will be impeached Graham: If we have learned anything from pundits and editorials both left and right is to take their predictions with a grain of salt. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
Login All Reviews Editorials News Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Tips watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry Podcasts New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 Siri the Cyber Security Guard - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-17 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member View All Editorials → Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee John Martellaro @jmartellaro 2 minute read May 17th, 2017 5:30 PM EDT | Analysis Steven Levy has written a stellar article at Wired about his tour of the new Apple campus, Apple Park, aka The Mothership. The focus is on the design details inspired by Steve Jobs and the building as “Steve’s gift.” I read the article and have some follow-on thoughts to offer. The article is: ONE MORE THING – INSIDE APPLE’S INSANELY GREAT (OR JUST INSANE) NEW MOTHERSHIP The story is tightly focused on key elements of the design of the giant ring, inspired and motivated by Steve Jobs and how the building plan was executed. Not every detail was covered because, after all, it’s modest in length—a tightly focused, lively and inspirational article. The Apple Mothership. Some of the details that I’m interested in didn’t make the cut. Such as the use and storage of electrical power from about 75 megawatts of solar power. Or how many kilometers of optic fifer were installed. Or how many OC-192 lines are deployed. Those are details for the future. Instead, the thing that jumped out at me is how much ferver Steve Jobs had for creating an environment for employees to think, collaborate and work. The building is specifically designed to put employees in touch with nature and in touch with each other. It’s an astonishing notion, the celebration of 12,000 employees, all of whom are inspired by a dedication to doing something worthwhile with fanatic attention to perfection and taste. To keep changing the world for the better. The No-employee Company This obsession with creating a workplace that celebrates and nurtures the employee flies in the face of much current thinking. In some cases, executives fantasize about cutting back own employees so severely that they can roll not just some but all of the revenues up to themselves. Other businessmen believe in creating a healthy, productive place for their employees because they recognize that the right kind of people, working in concert, can do amazing things. Mr. Jobs learned that at Apple, NeXT, Pixar, and then again at Apple. Just watch the credits at the end of any movie. It requires a constellation of people to create 120 minutes of awesome. We also hear about how artificial intelligence agents will put most people out of work. It’s an interesting proposition to ponder, but the fact is, nothing today can beat the collective efforts of thousands of very smart, talented people working side by side under great leadership. Designing for the Future Author Levy, for literary effect and contrast, included some idle criticism of the Apple Mothership. Apple Park is not prepared to adapt to potential changes in how, where, and why people work. That there is no childcare center. ‘It’s an obsolete model that doesn’t address the work conditions of the future,’ says Louise Mozingo, an urban design professor at UC Berkeley. That criticism seems to reflect the way some modern businessmen are thinking about average employees. The vision of Mr. Jobs was in great contrast. Mr. Jobs understood how teams of people could rise to enormous accomplishments and how the success of a storied corporation depends on them. If the design and inspirational architecture of this building achieves that end and propels Apple into brilliance for the rest of the century, the faith Mr. Jobs had in the individual employee will be vindicated. Now it’s the privilege of Mr. Tim Cook and his successors to carry on that tradition. Whether the Apple Mothership is our last best hope for passionate, driven, talented humans to be celebrated for their collective achievements remains to be seen. For now, my bet is on the humans. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Park, Mothership, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee John Martellaro | May 17, 2017 Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Jeff Butts | May 17, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $150.25 -5.22 (-3.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Recent Tips See All » watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Recent Editorials See All » Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? 17270 John Martellaro analysis 0 1495042200 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Tips watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry Podcasts New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 Siri the Cyber Security Guard - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-17 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member View All Editorials → New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data – ACM 411 Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin May 17th, 2017 6:00 PM EDT | Apple Context Machine Podcast This could be the year Apple breaks form and introduces new hardware at WWDC, and Bryan and Jeff explain why. They also discuss Apple’s big bets on an even bigger future and the importance of AI, neural nets, and machine learning. MP3 Feed Feedback New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 6:00 PM May. 17th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) This could be the year Apple breaks form and introduces new hardware at WWDC, and Bryan and Jeff explain why. They also discuss Apple’s big... Sources referenced in this episode: Bloomberg Says Apple Will Announce New MacBooks at WWDC Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Aims to Make Siri Smarter with Lattice Data Purchase Jeff’s Twitter Bryan’s Twitter Jeff’s blog: Fresh Brewed Tales Bryan’s blog: Geek Tells Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, diabetes, Lattice Data, MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, WWDC One Comment Add a comment craigr1947 May 17, 2017 Good podcast need to do more commenting because I think you guys listen. I do enjoy your personal sharing get me laughing on my drive to work. Have you thought of having an assistant at a computer doing timely research as question comes up while you’re both are talking comment on this – If there’s glucose testing happens, how was the Apple staff going to help people with their medical questions? Thanks May 17, 2017 at 8:47 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee John Martellaro | May 17, 2017 Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Jeff Butts | May 17, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $150.25 -5.22 (-3.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 17275 Bryan Chaffin apple-context-machine 1 1495044009 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events Recent Comments Popular JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Google chief executive Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address at the 2017 Google I/O Conference, where he stressed the importance of artificial intelligence Photo: GETTY/AFP tech In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Today 06:15 am JST 0 Comments By Glenn CHAPMAN MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif Google announced Wednesday it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. At its annual developers conference at an outdoor concert-venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, Google unveiled its vision for computing centered around artificial intelligence. "We are now witnessing a new shift in computing: the move from a mobile-first to an AI-first world," Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said during an opening presentation. "It is forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology." Those interactions, for Google, include using artificial intelligence to let people engage computers conversationally, have software anticipate needs, and let smartphone cameras "recognize" what they see. "In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems," Pichai said. Google Assistant, the center of its AI efforts, is in a fierce battle with rivals such as Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft Cortana and Apple's Siri to be the top choice for use in smartphones as well as connected homes, cars and a range of other devices. Artificial intelligence is being woven into Google's free Gmail service, used by more than a billion people, for features such as suggesting responses to messages. For example, opening an email containing an invitation to dinner might trigger a prompt to reply "I'm in." Smartphones get eyes - Google machine vision capabilities are being used to enable services such as recognizing who is in pictures and what they are doing as well as translate languages in signs viewed through smartphone cameras, demonstrations showed. Advanced "Lens" features are being added first to the Google Photo application, which is available free. Aiming a smartphone camera at a flower will prompt it to be identified; while aiming it at a complex password and hotspot name on a router will let it automatically log into the wireless connection, demonstrations showed. Google also unveiled a second-generation computer chip it designed specifically to improve cloud computing capabilities in data centers. "We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning," Pichai said. He described the internet giant's core search service and its Google Assistant as the company's most important AI products. Google Assistant, introduced last year, is now on more than 100 million devices, according to the team's vice president of engineering Scott Huffman. "We are really starting to crack the hard computer challenge of conversationality," Huffman said. "Soon, with Google Lens, your assistant will be able to have a conversation about what you see." Google used the conference to announce a software kit that will let developers build Assistant capabilities into robots, applications, and other computerized creations. Google also announced enhancements to its Home personal assistant, adding abilities such as hands free telephone calls and acting as speakers for wireless audio. Developers cheered when talk turned to Google-backed mobile operating system Android. Google announced that more than two billion devices powered by Android software are used monthly in a freshly passed milestone. The coming version of Android, referred to simply as "O" for the time being, will also have boosted artificial intelligence features along with enhanced security, executives showed. Google is also crafting a lighter version of Android, referred to as "Go," designed for maximum performance on low-cost, entry-level smartphones in developing countries where internet bandwidth is lean or expensive. Google said that while it is happy with the momentum of its Daydream virtual reality platform based on using smartphone as screens in headsets, it is working with partners on stand-alone virtual reality gear. Partners in the endeavor include Vive-maker HTC and Lenovo, according to Google virtual reality team vice president Clay Bavor. © 2017 AFP Seminar: How to Invest in B&B's in Tokyo: Chinese Language Seminar 針對中國人及台湾人 介紹合法民宿的不動産投資講座 (中文主講) Sat, May 27th in Ginza, Tokyo Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up Tech Today 05:45 am JST 0 Comments Data drive to help farmers cope with climate change via their smartphones May 17 02:00 pm JST 0 Comments Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram View all Popular Trump revealed classified info to Lavrov at White House: officials 177 Comments Lawmakers want Trump to explain giving intelligence to Russia 89 Comments Trump facing a crisis he can't manage with tweet or taunt 49 Comments Foreign detainees go on hunger strike at Nagoya immigration facility 57 Comments U.S. lawmakers ask Trump to turn over any Comey tapes 84 Comments View all Articles, Offers & Useful Resources A mix of what's trending on our other sites Events This Week in Japan, May 15-21 GaijinPot Blog Families 10 Reasons Why CareFinder’s Babysitting Services Make A Difference Savvy Tokyo What’s in a Japanese Name? GaijinPot Blog Food & Drink Japanese Superfoods: Kinako Savvy Tokyo What's Happening This Weekend: Tokyo Area Events For May 20-21 Savvy Tokyo Tomogashima: A Trip Worth Taking GaijinPot Blog When Good English Classes Go Bad GaijinPot Blog Savvy News Event Report: Global Summit Of Women 2017 Savvy Tokyo Art & Culture Toriizaka Art Gallery: Supporting Communities Through Art Savvy Tokyo After a Successful ALT Interview: The Next Steps GaijinPot Blog National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
menu Sections Thursday, May 18, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Gadgets share this Google making smartphones more intelligent Agence France-Presse / 07:00 AM May 18, 2017 Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at Shoreline Amphitheater on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, California. The three-day conference will highlight innovations including Google Assistant. AFP MOUNTAIN VIEW, United States — Google announced Wednesday it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. At its annual developers conference at an outdoor concert-venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, Google unveiled its vision for computing centered around artificial intelligence. “We are now witnessing a new shift in computing: the move from a mobile-first to an AI-first world,” Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said during an opening presentation. ADVERTISEMENT “It is forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology.” READ: Google promises Android O beta will be available ‘soon’ Those interactions, for Google, include using artificial intelligence to let people engage computers conversationally, have software anticipate needs, and let smartphone cameras “recognize” what they see. “In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems,” Pichai said. Google Assistant, the center of its AI efforts, is in a fierce battle with rivals such as Amazon’s Alexa, Microsoft Cortana and Apple’s Siri to be the top choice for use in smartphones as well as connected homes, cars and a range of other devices. “Siri’s got company, and all these other guys are pretty serious about it,” said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Artificial intelligence is being woven into Google’s free Gmail service, used by more than a billion people, for features such as suggesting responses to messages. For example, opening an email containing an invitation to dinner might trigger a prompt to reply “I’m in.” ADVERTISEMENT Smartphones get eyes Google machine vision capabilities are being used to enable services such as recognizing who is in pictures and what they are doing as well as translate languages in signs viewed through smartphone cameras, demonstrations showed. Advanced “Lens” features are being added first to the Google Photo application, which is available free. Aiming a smartphone camera at a flower will prompt it to be identified; while aiming it at a complex password and hotspot name on a router will let it automatically log into the wireless connection. Google also unveiled a second-generation computer chip it designed specifically to improve cloud computing capabilities in data centers. “We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning,” Pichai said. He described the internet giant’s core search service and its Google Assistant as the company’s most important AI products. Google Assistant, introduced last year, is now on more than 100 million devices, according to the team’s vice president of engineering, Scott Huffman. “We are really starting to crack the hard computer challenge of conversationality,” Huffman said. “Soon, with Google Lens, your assistant will be able to have a conversation about what you see.” Google used the conference to announce a software kit that will let developers build Assistant capabilities into robots, applications, and other computerized creations. Google also announced enhancements to its Home personal assistant, adding abilities such as hands free telephone calls and acting as speakers for wireless audio. Android gets lean Developers cheered when talk turned to Google-backed mobile operating system Android. Google announced that more than two billion devices powered by Android software are used monthly in a freshly passed milestone. The coming version of Android, referred to simply as “O” for the time being, will also have boosted artificial intelligence features along with enhanced security, executives showed. Google is also crafting a lighter version of Android, referred to as “Go,” designed for maximum performance on low-cost, entry-level smartphones in developing countries where internet bandwidth is lean or expensive. Google said that while it is happy with the momentum of its Daydream virtual reality platform based on using smartphone as screens in headsets, it is working with partners on stand-alone virtual reality gear. Partners in the endeavor include Vive-maker HTC and Lenovo, according to Google virtual reality team vice president Clay Bavor. The gathering, which attracted some 7,000 developers on site and had thousands more watching online, focused on software with little mention of hardware, noted analyst Blau. “There is a continuing trend where devices are becoming devalued and what is on the screen is becoming more valuable,” Blau said. “With AI, all the apps are getting upgraded so they don’t need new hardware.” CBB Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: Android, Apple, Cortana, Google, Google Assistant, iPhones, Siri, Sundar Pichai, technology, “Alexa” For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment LOOK: ‘Badjao Girl’ dazzles on her 14th birthday May 17, 2017 entertainment Sharon Cuneta returns, declares love for her kids only May 17, 2017 business Sun Life’s mutual funds breach P60B May 17, 2017 newsinfo Clash between soldiers, NPA rebels reaches Laguna nat’l highway May 17, 2017 newsinfo Alex Tizon, the man behind ‘My Family’s Slave’ May 17, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Business Technology Qualcomm sues iPhone makers in escalating patent war with Apple Reuters China's Premier Li Keqiang inspects a Foxconn Technology Group plant in Zhengzhou, Henan province on May 9. Qualcomm is suing the Apple contract manufacturer for not paying patent royalties. China's Premier Li Keqiang inspects a Foxconn Technology Group plant in Zhengzhou, Henan province on May 9. Qualcomm is suing the Apple contract manufacturer for not paying patent royalties. (Reuters) Mike FreemanContact Reporter Qualcomm filed a breach of contract lawsuit late Tuesday against four Taiwanese contract manufacturers that build iPhones and iPads for Apple – the latest salvo in an escalating war between two tech giants over patent royalties. Qualcomm’s court action is in response to Apple’s steps last month to block its contract manufacturers from paying Qualcomm for use of its cellular patents in iPhones and iPads. “Apple is definitely behind this, and certainly what the contract manufacturers would say is the reason they are not paying,” said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel. “Our response to that is you are big, sophisticated companies. You have contractual obligations. You have license agreements with us that don’t involve Apple. You are responsible for paying that.” The lawsuit falls short of more drastic moves that media outlets speculated Qualcomm would pursue against Apple – including seeking to ban imports of iPhones and iPads into the U.S. Last week, Bloomberg reported Qualcomm would ask the U.S. International Trade Commission to issue an injunction prohibiting iPhone imports, citing sources familiar with the company’s plans. The story was widely repeated. Rosenberg declined to comment on why Qualcomm chose a lawsuit in San Diego Federal Court against Apple’s contract manufacturers rather than going to the U.S. International Trade Commission to bar iPhone imports. "We don’t like suing our licensees,” said Rosenberg, noting that in the past decade the company has brought just one patent infringement case against a smartphone maker. “And we won’t unless we are really put in a corner and forced to do that, and we are forced to do that here.” The lawsuit names iPhone/iPad assemblers Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd., known as Foxconn: Pegatron Corp.; Wistron Corp.; and Compal Electronics – all based in Taiwan but with manufacturing operations in China and elsewhere. All have long-standing patent license agreements with Qualcomm and continue to pay patent royalties to Qualcomm on smartphones and tablets that they make for other companies besides Apple, said Rosenberg. The lawsuit seeks unpaid royalties of at least $1 billion and damages, as well as attorney fees and other costs. “What they are saying is Apple is not paying us, so we are not paying you, and Apple has told us not to pay you,” said Rosenberg. “And we said, that is interesting, but that is between you and Apple.” He continued, “Presumably you have a contract with Apple. You ought to go enforce that contract against Apple. I hope they take that action.” Over the past eight months, Qualcomm’s patent licensing business has been under fierce attack by anti-monopoly regulators and technology giants including Apple, Samsung and Intel. The Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm more than $850 million and seeks to dismantle the way it licenses its patents. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm in January over similar grounds, and Samsung and Intel have filed friend of the court briefs supporting the FTC’s case. Apple joined the assault shortly after the FTC and perhaps has been the most aggressive in maneuvers against Qualcomm, which believes that Apple is behind a “global attack on the company.” It is a complicated dispute. Apple reimburses Foxconn and the other contract manufacturers for patent royalties owed to Qualcomm. Early this year, it withheld $1 billion in reimbursements on the grounds that Qualcomm had reneged on a separate royalty “rebate” agreement with Apple in retaliation for Apple’s cooperation with anti-trust regulators. Then last month, Apple quit reimbursing Foxconn and the others altogether for Qualcomm patent royalties – claiming it couldn’t pay until the dispute was resolved. As a result, Qualcomm slashed its financial forecast for the year. Qualcomm pioneered a good portion of 3G/4G cellular radio technology and holds thousands of patents on its inventions. Its technology is inside nearly every smartphone. The company licenses patents based on the price of the entire device, and it has agreed to provide certain patents under “fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory” terms because they are included in wireless industry standards. Qualcomm’s royalties top out at 5 percent of the device price, but typically come in lower depending on each licensing agreement negotiated with handset makers.. Apple and regulators claim Qualcomm abuses its market power to overcharge for “standard-essential patents” and block competition. They are pushing for patent royalties based on the cost of the cellular modem chip instead of the entire phone, and they want Qualcomm to agree to license not only smartphone makers but also rival chip outfits such as Intel and Samsung. Asked about Qualcomm’s latest lawsuits, Apple referred to comments that Chief Executive Tim Cook made during the company recent first quarter earning conference call. “"The reason that we're pursuing this is that Qualcomm's trying to charge Apple a percentage of the total iPhone value,” said Cook. “And they do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it's one small part of what an iPhone is. It's not – it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don't think that's right, and so we're taking a principled stand on it." Qualcomm has counter-sued Apple, is appealing the Korea Fair Trade Commission decision and has asked a Northern California federal judge to dismiss the FTC case. A hearing on the dismissal motion is slated for mid-June. ALSO: Samsung sides with FTC in anti-trust case against Qualcomm Apple's lawsuit against Qualcomm signals escalating war on business model Under Trump administration, FTC lawsuit against Qualcomm could disappear Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm slapped with $865 million fine from S. Korea regulator Qualcomm to pay $975 million in China probe   Caption In addition to the decline in foot traffic, Target recorded a decrease in "basket size." (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) In addition to the decline in foot traffic, Target recorded a decrease in "basket size." (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption In addition to the decline in foot traffic, Target recorded a decrease in "basket size." (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) In addition to the decline in foot traffic, Target recorded a decrease in "basket size." (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption Innovating deliveries that include pizza by canoe, drone and robot for one. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Innovating deliveries that include pizza by canoe, drone and robot for one. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption Disney CEO Bob Iger told ABC employees in New York on May 15. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Disney CEO Bob Iger told ABC employees in New York on May 15. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption A United spokeswoman said backup procedures had been put in place, but declined to give details. (May 15, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) A United spokeswoman said backup procedures had been put in place, but declined to give details. (May 15, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption Urinating in a cup, being dragged off a plane: Here are the biggest airline scandals of the year. (May 12, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Urinating in a cup, being dragged off a plane: Here are the biggest airline scandals of the year. (May 12, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com; Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Apple Inc. Qualcomm Inc. Apple iPhone Federal Trade Commission Tim Cook Why SDSU just said no to SuckerCity Former Navy admiral gets prison in 'Fat Leonard' bribery scam Family cites suspected affair in La Jolla murder-suicide SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 62°
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Chickery in Palo Alto Virus outbreak Kimberly Nuestro remembered Sandwich named after 49er Curry mansion price drop In-N-Out loses burger poll Business Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato/File In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple and contract manufacturer Wistron have begun producing the iPhone SE in India for the first time. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm | UPDATED: May 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm Top of the Order:   An Apple (or two) a Day: One of the last major business markets that Apple’s iPhone hasn’t conquered is India. Apple has, at most, 3 percent of the Indian smartphone market, partly because its iPhones are priced too high for many of India’s more than 1 billion people. While the average smartphone in India is estimated to cost around $150, some resellers in India charge $320 for the iPhone SE, Apple’s least-expensive iPhone. Another reason the iPhone only has a toehold in India is because the company hasn’t been able to build iPhones in the country, thus hampering its ability to get its products in front of customers. But that issue may be about to be resolved. According to the Wall Street Journal, Apple and its Taiwanese contract manufacturer Winstron assembled their first iPhone SE models in India earlier this month. Apple said it has begun production on the iPhone SE in the Indian city of Bangalore, and it could have the first Indian-built iPhones on store shelves within the next two weeks. Apple sees gaining more of the Indian smartphone market as crucial to its iPhone business, as sales in China have begun to decline. Meanwhile, as Apple was making new waves in India, the company’s ongoing brawl with Qualcomm heated up on Wednesday. Qualcomm filed suit against Foxconn and three other Apple contract manufacturers, for failure to pay royalties on Qualcomm smartphone chip technologies used in building iPhones. In addition to Foxconn, Qualcomm also charged contract manufacturers Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics with not paying it royalties, in a suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. The Qualcomm suit comes on the heels of Apple suing Qualcomm in January for overcharging on its chips and not paying $1 billion in promised rebates. Middle Innings: That’s Not Generic: It looks like Google is the same as Kleenex. At least in terms of not being generic for the product it represents. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on Tuesday that Google will remain a trademarked term, needing to be capitalized in all public instances, despite its use as a verb for searching the web, and its use on a daily basis by millions of people. Go Where You’re Wanted: President Donald Trump has been in office for four months. However, he has yet to make a trip to a foreign country. That’s about to change as the president prepares for his first international excursions to Europe and the Middle East. Among the countries Trump will visit is Saudi Arabia where the nation is, literally, counting down the hours and minutes to the president’s arrival via a website that includes the description, “Historic summit. Brighter future.” Bottom of the Lineup:  It was a rough day on U.S. stock markets, following the latest upheavals in Washington involving President Trump, his sharing of classified information with Russian officials and the firing of FBI Director James Comey. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.6 percent to 6,011.24. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 2 percent to fall to 20,606.93. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell by almost 2 percent to end the day at 2,357.03. Quote of the Day: “It’s fun to watch.” — Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant, speaking about teammate Steph Curry following Curry’s performance in the Warriors’ 136-100 win over the San Antonio Spurs. The victory gave the Warriors a 2-0 lead over San Antonio in the best-of-seven NBA Western Conference Finals series. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Donald Trump Google Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Herhold: Death of cyclist Ever Portillo 49ers, Santa Clara officials dispute handling of U2 concert at Levi’s Stadium Spurs fan sues Warriors, Zaza Pachulia over controversial play Virus hits 10 San Jose Unified schools Stomach-flu outbreak hits students in Santa Clara County Exclusive: Kimberly Guilfoyle says she’s talking with Trump administration about press secretary job Sierra LaMar: Lead detective gave false testimony in another murder trial How to not worry about your $1,800 stroller being stolen during Disneyland visit More in Business South Bay man sentenced to 56 months for bankruptcy fraud May 18, 2017, 12:02 am Steve McVay, who regularly acquired real estate through foreclosure auctions, was involved in a number of business ventures that ultimately failed between 2004 and 2009, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Cisco to cut 1,100 more jobs as sales continue to weaken May 17, 2017, 6:19 pm Cisco Systems announces more layoffs as its fourth-quarter earnings and sales outlook falls short of Wall Street expectations. Investors show their feelings by driving the company’s stock price down. Here are Silicon Valley’s hot spots and cool spots for office deals May 17, 2017, 3:44 pm Silicon Valley’s hottest office markets are still showing robust activity, but some of the outlying markets are showing signs of cooling leasing activity, according to a new report. McDelivery: McDonald’s expands delivery partnership with UberEats May 17, 2017, 10:57 am The world’s largest burger chain, announced plans to test delivery through UberEats at 375 restaurants in Orange, Los Angeles and Riverside counties. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Tech How Apple Products Are Used In The Disabled Community In honor of Global Accessibilities Awareness Day, Apple is sharing how their products are made accessible. Laura StamplerMay 17, 2017 6:40PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestCourtesy of Apple Meera Phillips is your typical 15-year-old who loves playing soccer and joking around with her family and friends. Only when Meera tells a joke, she doesn't deliver the punchline using her natural voice but rather through her iPad's TouchChat app, a tool that helps people with Autism, ALS, and other conditions that impact speech communicate. In honor of May 18's sixth annual Global Accessibilities Awareness Day (GAAD), Apple has created a series of videos featuring Meera and other people from the disabled community to show how their technologies are designed for everyone. "Before people talked about me, not to me," said Meera, whose Schizencephaly has impacted her motor skills and ability to traditionally speak. "People now know I have a lot to say." Her video goes on to show her talking about vacations with friends on the soccer field and ordering sweet tea and chips with her two moms and younger brother. Again, experiencing the everyday with the assistance of technology. According to the UN, approximately 10% of the population — or 650 million people — live with disabilities. That makes them the largest minority in the world. And this diverse and vibrant community is certainly deserving of greater representation. "I have a huge responsibility to be out in the world," nursing student and former Ms. Wheelchair New York Andrea Dalzell said in a different Apple video. "There's some other little girl out there who doesn't see a teacher, who doesn't see her doctors looking like her. How's she supposed to feel accepted or beautiful if she doesn't see someone like her?" Andrea's video shows how she uses her Apple Watch's specific Wheelchair Mode to track her intense workouts and share her physical accomplishments with her friends. To help show other people with disabilities how their products can assist them in their everyday life, Apple is holding a slew of accessibility-focused training sessions Thursday to go over everything from VoiceOver tools to programs that deal with hearing loss. And on top of accessibility-focused training, Apple has also launched a new site called "Today at Apple" which highlights other programs occurring at its 495 global stores that serves all different types of communities. Apple Today features classes on photography, coding, and more. "We’re creating a modern-day town square, where everyone is welcome in a space where the best of Apple comes together to connect with one another, discover a new passion, or take their skill to the next level," said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president, Retail, in a statement. "We think it will be a fun and enlightening experience for everyone who joins." Related: These Students Are Dragging Their Biology Exam for a RIDICULOUS Question Check this out: follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Chickery in Palo Alto Virus outbreak Kimberly Nuestro remembered Sandwich named after 49er Curry mansion price drop In-N-Out loses burger poll Business Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato/File In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple and contract manufacturer Wistron have begun producing the iPhone SE in India for the first time. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm | UPDATED: May 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm Top of the Order:   An Apple (or two) a Day: One of the last major business markets that Apple’s iPhone hasn’t conquered is India. Apple has, at most, 3 percent of the Indian smartphone market, partly because its iPhones are priced too high for many of India’s more than 1 billion people. While the average smartphone in India is estimated to cost around $150, some resellers in India charge $320 for the iPhone SE, Apple’s least-expensive iPhone. Another reason the iPhone only has a toehold in India is because the company hasn’t been able to build iPhones in the country, thus hampering its ability to get its products in front of customers. But that issue may be about to be resolved. According to the Wall Street Journal, Apple and its Taiwanese contract manufacturer Winstron assembled their first iPhone SE models in India earlier this month. Apple said it has begun production on the iPhone SE in the Indian city of Bangalore, and it could have the first Indian-built iPhones on store shelves within the next two weeks. Apple sees gaining more of the Indian smartphone market as crucial to its iPhone business, as sales in China have begun to decline. Meanwhile, as Apple was making new waves in India, the company’s ongoing brawl with Qualcomm heated up on Wednesday. Qualcomm filed suit against Foxconn and three other Apple contract manufacturers, for failure to pay royalties on Qualcomm smartphone chip technologies used in building iPhones. In addition to Foxconn, Qualcomm also charged contract manufacturers Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics with not paying it royalties, in a suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. The Qualcomm suit comes on the heels of Apple suing Qualcomm in January for overcharging on its chips and not paying $1 billion in promised rebates. Middle Innings: That’s Not Generic: It looks like Google is the same as Kleenex. At least in terms of not being generic for the product it represents. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on Tuesday that Google will remain a trademarked term, needing to be capitalized in all public instances, despite its use as a verb for searching the web, and its use on a daily basis by millions of people. Go Where You’re Wanted: President Donald Trump has been in office for four months. However, he has yet to make a trip to a foreign country. That’s about to change as the president prepares for his first international excursions to Europe and the Middle East. Among the countries Trump will visit is Saudi Arabia where the nation is, literally, counting down the hours and minutes to the president’s arrival via a website that includes the description, “Historic summit. Brighter future.” Bottom of the Lineup:  It was a rough day on U.S. stock markets, following the latest upheavals in Washington involving President Trump, his sharing of classified information with Russian officials and the firing of FBI Director James Comey. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.6 percent to 6,011.24. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 2 percent to fall to 20,606.93. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell by almost 2 percent to end the day at 2,357.03. Quote of the Day: “It’s fun to watch.” — Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant, speaking about teammate Steph Curry following Curry’s performance in the Warriors’ 136-100 win over the San Antonio Spurs. The victory gave the Warriors a 2-0 lead over San Antonio in the best-of-seven NBA Western Conference Finals series. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Donald Trump Google Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Herhold: Death of cyclist Ever Portillo 49ers, Santa Clara officials dispute handling of U2 concert at Levi’s Stadium Spurs fan sues Warriors, Zaza Pachulia over controversial play Virus hits 10 San Jose Unified schools Stomach-flu outbreak hits students in Santa Clara County Exclusive: Kimberly Guilfoyle says she’s talking with Trump administration about press secretary job Sierra LaMar: Lead detective gave false testimony in another murder trial How to not worry about your $1,800 stroller being stolen during Disneyland visit More in Business South Bay man sentenced to 56 months for bankruptcy fraud May 18, 2017, 12:02 am Steve McVay, who regularly acquired real estate through foreclosure auctions, was involved in a number of business ventures that ultimately failed between 2004 and 2009, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Cisco to cut 1,100 more jobs as sales continue to weaken May 17, 2017, 6:19 pm Cisco Systems announces more layoffs as its fourth-quarter earnings and sales outlook falls short of Wall Street expectations. Investors show their feelings by driving the company’s stock price down. Here are Silicon Valley’s hot spots and cool spots for office deals May 17, 2017, 3:44 pm Silicon Valley’s hottest office markets are still showing robust activity, but some of the outlying markets are showing signs of cooling leasing activity, according to a new report. McDelivery: McDonald’s expands delivery partnership with UberEats May 17, 2017, 10:57 am The world’s largest burger chain, announced plans to test delivery through UberEats at 375 restaurants in Orange, Los Angeles and Riverside counties. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Shutterstock The iPhone 8 could be delayed by Apple’s battle with Qualcomm Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 17th, 2017 at 5:50 PM Share Tweet Apple is currently engaged with an unusually harsh battle with Qualcomm, one of the key companies that designs internal components for the iPhone. Basttles between Apple and its suppliers normally don’t last long: iPhone contracts are often the lifeblood of small suppliers, and losing Apple’s business will put most companies out of business. But Qualcomm, the manufacturer of the processor inside every Android phone worth talking about, is one of the few companies that can stand up to Apple. The two companies are currently engaged in a fight over patent licensing: Qualcomm wants Apple to pay it for its designs used inside the iPhone. Apple says that Qualcomm’s demands for licensing the patent are unreasonable, and has instructed its manufacturers (like Foxconn) not to pay royalties to Qualcomm for the time being. Don't Miss: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life The legal dispute has come to a head today with the news that Qualcomm has sued four of Apple’s biggest manufacturing partners over the non-payment of royalties. The move is a serious escalation between two companies that have historically worked together, and whichever way the result goes, it’s going to be messy. But if Qualcomm goes all-in, it could spell serious problems for Apple and the iPhone 8. Currently, Qualcomm is using the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California to sue Apple’s manufacturing partners for breach of contract. But if things don’t go well there, Qualcomm has a nuclear option: the US International Trade Commission. Qualcomm could file a case with the Commission to block sales of infringing devices in the US, which would likely stop sales of any current or future iPhone models in the US. Tim Long of BMO Capital raised the possibility of action in the ITC in a note: “It remains to be seen whether QCOM will seek injunction against the devices via the US International Trade Commission (ITC). As noted by AAPL management on the prior earnings call, we expect AAPL to argue it is willing to accept Fair, Reasonable, and Non-Discriminatory (FRAND) terms rather than refusing to license altogether, which may help fight an outright ban.” Qualcomm has yet to hint that it would do so, or that it would win such a case. But it’s certainly a possibility, and the stakes are high enough that Apple might choose to settle, rather than face even the possibility of a delay on the iPhone 8. Current rumors suggest that a major update is coming in the form of the iPhone 8, set to launch sometime between September 2017 and March 2018. Apple stock is booming ahead of the iPhone 8 launch, which is expected to trigger a “super-cycle” of upgrades. If the iPhone 8 launch is delayed by an import ban, no matter how temporary, Apple’s stock price — which is already based on outsized assumptions about the iPhone 8 launch — could crater. Apple is stuck in a bad situation here. High margins on the iPhone are the core driver of Apple’s insane profits every year, so it fights tooth and nail to avoid anything — like increased royalty payments — that would eat into those margins. But at the same time, the company is at a serious crossroads. A lot is riding on the iPhone 8 launch, especially since there’s been no new product since the Apple Watch launch. Forced to choose between lower margins or a delayd iPhone 8 launch, Apple’s executives are in a trickier situation than they’ve faced for the last decade. Tags: Apple, qualcomm View Comments Trending 1 Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life 2 Tech If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead 3 Tech Nokia’s first iPhone ‘killer’ shown in leaked official video 4 Science Humans speak dog, according to science 5 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Picked For You This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed By Chris Smith 2 days ago New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature By Jacob Siegal 2 days ago If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead By Chris Smith 16 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 Metropolitan Club 233 South Wacker Drive Willis Tower, 66th Floor Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC San Diego, California, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources Five technology trends you can't afford to ignore Why does cloud computing matter? What else can I do to attract SMB clients to my business? Should I be offering digital security as part of my services? The answers to these questions, and more, lie tucked away in this guide. Ready to get started? Download your free copy today. Download 10 hidden costs of quoting with spreadsheets Many companies shy away from investing in professional quote and proposal automation platforms, maintaining that tried-and-true spreadsheet programs are the way forward. Unfortunately, spreadsheets weren't designed for quoting, but a purpose-built solution for quoting has arrived… Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 17 May 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including ServiceNow's AI investments, ransomware's readiness, Tech Data's Surface and more Channelnomics Staff 17 May 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Welcome to today's channel rundown containing vital news and analysis on the channel's comings and goings. Read all about it below:  Related articles Data a 'massive growth driver' - Veeam CEO Today's channel rundown - 17 May 2017 Ransomware attack gives cyber security vendors share price bump Today's channel rundown - 16 May 2017 Kaseya takes aim at ConnectWise, claims closer ties to MSP success ServiceNow's AI investments ServiceNow has revealed two new investments in artificial intelligence (AI) to improve the service it offers to customers of its Now Platform. The Cloud workflow automation vendor will add AI functionality to its service desk conversations with the acquisition of Qlue's virtual agent messaging capabilities. The company is also investing in start-up BuildOnMe as part of its ServiceNow Ventures' early-stage investment program. BuildOnMe already delivers AI-enabled applications on the Now Platform. ServiceNow told Channelnomics in an interview that it's too early to comment on how the moves will impact its channel partners.  The vendor hasn't disclosed any of the financial terms of either transaction. Qualcomm's four Qualcomm has filed complaints against four Apple contracts manufacturers, Reuters reports. Foxconn Technology Group, Pegatron Corp, Wistron Corp and Compal Electronics Inc. are said by Reuters to be the four firms. The complaint is the latest in Qualcomm's ongoing dispute with Apple, which saw the smartphone giant in January file suit against Qualcomm for overcharging for chips and refusing to pay $1 billion in rebates, which Apple's suit said was retaliation for the iPhone maker's meetings with South Korea's Fair Trade Commission. The latest complaint from Qualcomm comes after the manufacturers in question are said to have been instructed by Apple not to pay Qualcomm for goods used. Reuters notes this is because Apple decided in April "to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers that are owed to the chipmaker for sales made in the first quarter of 2017, until the dispute is resolved in court". Ransomware's readiness U.S. and UK businesses are overestimating their readiness for ransomware and cyber security attacks, according to the latest research from SolarWinds. The vendor's research fnds that while 87 percent of IT executives consider their cyber security readiness "robust", 71 percent reported at least one breach in the past 12 months. Meanwhile, 77 percent of businesses that have been breached noted a tangible loss. Costs of a single data breach to an SMB were said to be $76, 000 and for an enterprise, $939, 000, according to the research, and almost one third of respondents (32 percent) said "insider acts" were reported as a major cause of data breaches. The research, 2017 Survey: Could overconfidence in cyber security lead to an extinction event?, surveyed 400 SMBs and enterprises in the U.S. and UK and was conducted by Sapio Research. iland's Cloud Console iland has released the lates iteration of its Secure Cloud Console, which integrates with Veeam's Cloud Connect Backup, iland has announced. The new console is aimed at MSPs who want to manage their customers' backup resources in the cloud, the vendor said, claiming that the latest offering allows MSPs to "offer more value-added services to their customers over and above the cloud backup solution". Dante Orsini, SVP of business development at iland, told Channelnomics in an interview that MSPs can monitor storage use and scale up backup resources when required to maximize resiliency and protect against ransomware. "They also have access to cloud backup cost information for all their customers, enabling them to plug this into their own billing systems and efficiently manage multiple backup customers," Orsini said. The vendor plans to re-launch its channel partner program later this month to reflect its focus on the MSP market. Tech Data's Surface  Tech Data has extended end-to-end support for Microsoft's Surface Hub to its U.S. customers, the distributor has announced. The support, which will be deployed through the distie's datacenter service business, Signature Technology Group, will cover training for site assessment, plus installation, integration, configuration and adoption of the technology. The distributor says it is also giving authorized device resellers the choice of white labeling the services as their own. Tech Data says its StreamOne platform offers customers a range of Microsoft offerings, along with training and education in complementary technology areas, including cognitive computing, the datacenter, data analytics, the Internet of Things, mobility, security and enterprise networking, according to the distributor's announcement.   Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Channel Business Channel Rundown Apple Qualcomm Cloud SolarWinds ServiceNow More news Data a 'massive growth driver' - Veeam CEO Vendor talks data plus new offerings Vendor 18 May 2017 Today's channel rundown - 17 May 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including ServiceNow's AI investments, ransomware's readiness, Tech Data's Surface and more Channel Business 17 May 2017 Ransomware attack gives cyber security vendors share price bump Sophos, Symantec, FireEye all enjoy healthy start to the week Security 17 May 2017 Today's channel rundown - 16 May 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Commvault's trial software, Samsung's Hipaax smartwatch, Guidance Software's update and more Channel Business 16 May 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Most read Today's channel rundown - 17 May 2017 Ransomware attack gives cyber security vendors share price bump Today's channel rundown - 16 May 2017 Kaseya takes aim at ConnectWise, claims closer ties to MSP success AWS, Google 'maturing' channel programs for next phase of cloud adoption - Canalys Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Police: East Chicago homicide suspect captured on video Close Richard Vogel FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016 file photo, The Apple iPhone 7 is displayed at the Apple Store at the Grove in Los Angeles. Mobile chip maker Qualcomm has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple’s iPhone and iPad manufacturers, the latest in an ongoing dispute.(AP Photo/Richard Vogel) AP Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute By ANICK JESDANUN AP Technology Writer May 17, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago Richard Vogel FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016 file photo, The Apple iPhone 7 is displayed at the Apple Store at the Grove in Los Angeles. Mobile chip maker Qualcomm has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple’s iPhone and iPad manufacturers, the latest in an ongoing dispute.(AP Photo/Richard Vogel) NEW YORK (AP) — An escalating battle between Apple and Qualcomm over money and patent rights is drawing in Taiwanese contractors that assemble Apple's iPhones. Apple claims that Qualcomm is overcharging for patent-related license fees on iPhone sales, a point Qualcomm disputes. Last month, Apple Inc. began refusing to pay royalties until the courts determine how much it owes, a process that could take several years. According to a federal lawsuit Qualcomm filed Wednesday, Apple has also instructed its contractors to withhold those payments and has agreed to indemnify them for damages from any lawsuits. Qualcomm has separate licensing agreements with the contractors. Qualcomm's lawsuit says those contractors are still paying royalties for non-Apple products. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Diego, names Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., and its subsidiary, FIH Mobile Ltd; Pegatron Corp.; Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. The companies make iPhones and iPads for Apple. Qualcomm previously sued Apple accusing it of breaking contracts and interfering in deals negotiated with iPhone suppliers. "As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms," Qualcomm's general counsel, Don Rosenberg, said in a statement. The case underscores the influence Apple wields over the companies that make its products and parts for them. Many contractors become dependent on Apple's business; recently, British chipmaker Imagination Technologies' stock took a dive after it announced that Apple plans to stop using its products. Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Its patents cover a wide range of technologies essential for 3G and LTE cellular communications — and hence iPhones and cellular models of iPads. Qualcomm says Apple is making unreasonable demands for licenses at below-market prices. Apple counters that Qualcomm has been abusing its power in the mobile chip market to charge for royalties on features that aren't covered by its patents. Apple says Qualcomm's technologies cover a small portion of what goes into iPhones, yet Qualcomm is seeking a percentage of iPhone sales. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "They do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it's one small part of what an iPhone is," CEO Tim Cook said during a May 2 conference call with financial analysts. "It's not — it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don't think that's right, and so we're taking a principled stand on it." The Cupertino, California, company isn't alone in its accusations against Qualcomm. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. ___ AP Business Writer Michelle Chapman in Newark, New Jersey, contributed to this story. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology Mobile Phone Manufacturing Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Tablet Computer Manufacturing Personal Computer Manufacturing Computer Hardware Manufacturing Information Technology Smartphones Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Latest in section Weak Guidance Tarnishes Cisco's Solid Quarter Mine workers union members protest at Consol Energy Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil roils Street Strack & Van Til parent seeks transfer of involuntary bankruptcy case Why FireEye, Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About More on this topic Weak Guidance Tarnishes Cisco's Solid Quarter Mine workers union members protest at Consol Energy Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil roils Street Why FireEye, Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Authorities release name of co-pilot killed in jet crash Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Gunfire led to Highland standoff, police say Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Autos Video: Here's why old SUVs are shooting up in value +17 National News Former FBI Director James Comey's career in photos +4 National News A look at the political activities of education secretary Betsy DeVos CBS pairs 'Big Bang' & spin-off; O'Brien re-ups with TBS Clayton Kershaw earns 20th career win against rival Giants Braves honor Georgia DOT, company that rebuilt I-85 overpass Taco Pizza Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Meyers Develpt. 9725 Parkway Dr., Highland, IN 46322 OIL EXPRESS 9615 Indianapolis Blvd, Highland, IN 46322 Ads OBSTETRICAL & GYNECOLOGICAL ASSOC INC 1101 E GLENDALE MED CTR STE 102, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 Prima Bella Women's Health 880 Eastport Centre Dr Ste 200, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Snow & Ice Pros Inc. Looking For A Snow Maintenance Crew For Next Season? Click Here To See Why Snow & Ice Pros, Inc. Is The Best Choice! May 4, 2017 Judd & Son Chimney Service, Inc. You got your use out of your fireplace. Now make sure its cleaned! Call Judd & Sons Chimney Service today! 219-365-0099 May 4, 2017 Frankie's Auto Sales Trouble Financing A Vehicle? Come See Us at Frankie's Auto Sales. Our Finance Department can Help you get Approved! (844) 751-0076 May 10, 2017 Wever's Tree Service Service Northwest Indiana, contact Wever's Tree Service for all your tree removal and stump grinding needs! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Dawn leaks MisYou Mardan lynching Kulbhushan Jadhav Champions Trophy Print Story X Print Story Home / Sci-Tech / Google challenges Apple's Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone Google challenges Apple's Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone | By  RREUTERS | May 18, 2017 Sci-Tech 0 0 Related Stories 'Siri, catch market cheats': Wall Street watchdogs turn to A.I. Google challenges Apple's Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone Alphabet Inc’s Google said on Wednesday it would make its digital assistant available on Apple Inc’s iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. The announcement heralds a step by Google, whose Android system runs on the majority of the world's smartphones, to get a foothold on Apple's phones, which have smaller market share but are used by people who tend to spend more on technology. It comes as Google, Apple and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. Speaking at an annual developer conference in Mountain View, California, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's progress with the Google Assistant, which allows users to complete various tasks through voice commands. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," he said. "We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs." The Assistant debuted last year on Google’s own hardware, and the company has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc, will be integrated as well. In addition, the company announced that it will offer physical photo albums through its photo app. 0 0 Google challenges Apple's Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone was posted in Sci-Tech of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on May 18, 2017 and was last updated on May 18, 2017. This news story is related to Science News, Technology News, Science And Technology News, Latest Science News, Latest Technology News, Geo News. Permanent link to the news story "Google challenges Apple's Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/142229-Google-challenges-Apples-Siri-by-opening-digital-assistant-to-iPhone. More From Sci-Tech: May 18, 2017 US cyber bill would shift power away from spy agency May 17, 2017 Uber's new update to make it easier for users to switch between modes of transportation May 17, 2017 Facebook to reimburse some advertisers after discovering bug May 17, 2017 BlackBerry working with automakers on anti-hack tool: analyst May 16, 2017 Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram May 16, 2017 Bitcoin: Hackers´ ´anonymous´ currency May 16, 2017 SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite May 16, 2017 Researchers see possible North Korea link to global cyber attack Latest News 7 minutes ago Bollywood celebrities mourn Reema Lagoo's death 9 minutes ago Owe achievements of military operations to youth: DG ISPR 9 minutes ago Comedian TJ Miller shares a special message for his Pakistani fans 11 minutes ago Mastung incident failed to break our spirits, says Abdul Ghafoor Haideri 44 minutes ago ‘Extremist outfits radicalising educated women in Karachi’ 52 minutes ago Detained PIA crew returns home from London GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video SF supervisors compromise on affordable housing UC students protest hidden funds, shut down regents meeting Secret GOP tape implies Trump was on Putin’s payroll SMART train, soon to launch in North Bay, releases its schedule News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Immigration officers detain man whose prison term was cut Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors Chicago supporters to honor freed Puerto Rico nationalist Jury acquits Tulsa cop in shooting of unarmed black man Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Amid more misplays, A’s end awful trip with another loss Giants’ Christian Arroyo dealing with first major slump Batting gloves a hit with A’s Stephen Vogt Is incense the sweet smell of success for A’s? Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes Crowdstrike’s money, Apple’s pizza creation, and YouTube’s Google for Jobs could help people find work, address AI criticism Qualcomm sues Apple contractors as patent dispute escalates A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Long Haul’ has barf jokes plus a few good laughs The latest from Dear Abby Rap legend Too $hort performs hometown show in Oakland Radio Dreams’: a wry take on adapting to a new culture Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Bay Brews: Russian River to break ground, goodbye South African Motze to close, become Duna Outside Lands 2017 food and drink lineup announced Reem's bakery opens in Oakland's Fruitvale neighborhood Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Are Alexa and Siri teaching our children to be rude? Is the grass really greener? People who left the Bay Area for the The age you hit your peak for sex, brain power, creativity, more Free stuff you'd only find on Bay Area Craigslist Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog This $1.79-million castle in the Santa Cruz mountains has a Wine Country oasis ripe for the picking Tech mogul’s over-the-top $8.95-million Silicon Valley ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Qualcomm-sues-Apple-contractors-as-patent-dispute-11154005.php Qualcomm sues Apple contractors as patent dispute escalates By Anick Jesdanun Updated 4:04 pm, Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Photo: Richard Vogel, Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Apple, displaying phones at a Los Angeles store, is fighting with Qualcomm. Apple, displaying phones at a Los Angeles store, is fighting with Qualcomm. Photo: Richard Vogel, Associated Press Qualcomm sues Apple contractors as patent dispute escalates 1 / 1 Back to Gallery An escalating battle between Apple and Qualcomm over money and patent rights is drawing in Taiwanese contractors that assemble Apple’s iPhones. Apple claims that Qualcomm is overcharging for patent-related license fees on iPhone sales, a point Qualcomm disputes. Last month, Apple began refusing to pay royalties until the courts determine how much it owes, a process that could take several years. According to a federal lawsuit Qualcomm filed Wednesday, Apple also has instructed its contractors to withhold those payments and has agreed to indemnify them for damages from any lawsuits. Qualcomm has separate licensing agreements with the contractors. Qualcomm’s lawsuit says those contractors are still paying royalties for non-Apple products. Latest business videos The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Diego, names Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., and its subsidiary, FIH Mobile Ltd; Pegatron Corp.; Wistron Corp.; and Compal Electronics Inc. The companies make iPhones and iPads for Apple. Qualcomm previously sued Apple, accusing it of breaking contracts and interfering in deals negotiated with iPhone suppliers. “As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms,” Qualcomm’s general counsel, Don Rosenberg, said in a statement. The case underscores the influence Apple wields over the companies that make its products and parts for them. Many contractors become dependent on Apple’s business; recently, British chipmaker Imagination Technologies’ stock took a dive after it announced that Apple plans to stop using its products. Qualcomm, which is based in San Diego, depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Its patents cover a wide range of technologies essential for 3G and LTE cellular communications — and hence iPhones and cellular models of iPads. Qualcomm says Apple is making unreasonable demands for licenses at below-market prices. Apple counters that Qualcomm has been abusing its power in the mobile chip market to charge for royalties on features that aren’t covered by its patents. Apple says Qualcomm’s technologies cover a small portion of what goes into iPhones, yet Qualcomm is seeking a percentage of iPhone sales. “They do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it’s one small part of what an iPhone is,” CEO Tim Cook said during a May 2 conference call with financial analysts. “It’s not — it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don’t think that’s right, and so we’re taking a principled stand on it.” Apple isn’t alone in its accusations against Qualcomm. The Federal Trade Commission also has filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Anick Jesdanun is an Associated Press writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP TURMOIL Trump can fire special counsel if he wants Everything you need to know about the 'special counsel' DOJ appoints ex-FBI director to lead Trump-Russia probe 'I think Putin pays' Trump, said House majority leader in 2016 Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles to Coast Guard grads Trump reportedly told Comey to consider jailing reporters LATEST NEWS SF supervisors compromise on affordable housing Group beats, stabs young man in Dolores Park SMART train, soon to launch in North Bay, releases schedule Cisco Systems announces 1,100 more layoffs Orphaned coyote pups rescued in South Bay Leading neo-Nazi site starts publishing in Spanish Creationist suing Grand Canyon over request for rocks NorCal fraternity faces charges after 32 trees cut down Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes Bay Area's top public companies, according to Forbes UC Berkeley tops Forbes list of best value colleges Bay Area folks who fled to the Northwest tell us how it's going How do rents in Seattle compare with other cities? Lake Tahoe nears maximum capacity; here's what it means Report: Nearly half of Calif. salmon species going extinct What Donald Trump can learn from Richard Nixon Feinstein, Harris gain fresh focus after Comey’s ouster TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild story of last time U2 played 'Joshua Tree' in Bay Area Japan's Princess Mako to marry legal assistant, become commoner Great to phenomenal: The 20 best Netflix original series Most Popular 1 Group beats, stabs young man in Dolores Park 2 Is the grass really greener? People who left the Bay Area for... 3 Bay Area's wealthiest self-made women, according to Forbes 4 Japan's Princess Mako to marry ocean-loving legal assistant 5 Lake Tahoe nears maximum capacity; here's what it means to you 6 Some U.S. flights to Italy are on sale for $303 round-trip if... 7 Buried treasure? Undrafted Hikutini could stick with 49ers 8 Trump Can Fire Special Prosecutor If He Wants 9 Warriors’ under-the-radar moves pay off 10 Spurs fan files lawsuit against Warriors, Pachulia over... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Biggest Sign Yet the Apple Watch Is Failing The Apple Watch isn't the computing platform the iPhone maker originally envisioned, but that's okay. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) May 17, 2017 at 5:02PM When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced the Apple Watch in 2014, CEO Tim Cook said, "We believe this product will redefine what people expect from its category." Apple then went on to demo lots of different apps for the Watch and launched it in April 2015. But even in those early demos it was clear the third-party app use cases for the Apple Watch were limited. The best use of the Watch was to extend the functionality of an iPhone, which Apple is uniquely positioned to do. Third-party apps demoed that day -- like Twitter, Pinterest, or BMW's electric car app -- were all better suited for a smartphone. So, if anything, it's a surprise it took this long for companies like Amazon, eBay, and Google to kill the support of their Apple Watch apps. That didn't happen until earlier this month, a full two years after Apple launched the original Apple Watch. Nonetheless, it's the biggest sign yet that the Apple Watch failed to redefine the category. But that doesn't make it a complete failure. Image source: Apple. The best fitness tracker on the market Just because the Apple Watch failed to live up to the company's initial expectations doesn't make the product a failure. After all, Apple sold about 22 million Apple Watches in 2015 and 2016, according to IDC. 2017 is off to a great start with Apple outselling Fitbit (NYSE: FIT) and every other wearable device maker, according to Strategy Analytics. And during the company's second-quarter earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said Watch sales nearly doubled from last year. The success of the Apple Watch is due to the company's focus on making it the best fitness tracker on the market, not a shrunken-down iPhone like it initially envisioned. It took about 18 months for Apple to find that focus with the release of the Apple Watch Series 2. Fitness trackers don't rely on third-party apps, and Apple's best uses all take advantage of the built-in software. Apple also beefed up the hardware with fitness-specific applications. It added GPS for tracking runs sans iPhone and water resistance for swimming laps in the pool. These additions make it much more attractive than any other fitness tracker on the market. Doing what Apple has always done best Third-party applications are a relatively new business for Apple. It long relied on the closed ecosystem and combining its own hardware and software to produce a better product than its competitors dating all the way back to its earliest days in computing. It wasn't until a year after the iPhone launched that the App Store became a thing. And while the App Store has been a huge success for Apple, driving revenue and profit growth for the company over the last few years, Apple's biggest strength is in creating a better user experience through premium hardware and software integration. That's how the Apple Watch has managed to be a successful fitness tracking device while failing to win the support of major third-party app developers. It's not a platform that's well suited for most third-party apps. To be sure, there are some apps that fit right in with the fitness niche Apple is now squarely aiming for. Apps that track your golf swing or run cadence are well suited for the Apple Watch, as tracking those things via phone ranges from difficult to impossible. But apps that let you shop from your wrist are completely unnecessary and offer a poor experience. So, yes. The Apple Watch is a failure. Many of the uses Apple demoed two and a half years ago are bad and unsurprisingly never took off. At the same time, it's hard to argue that a product some 25 million people bought and more people are buying every quarter is a disappointment. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, eBay, Fitbit, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info May 17, 2017 at 5:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $150.25 down $-5.22 (-3.36%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Biggest Sign Yet the Apple Watch Is Failing @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX A.V. Club Most Read 1 Photo: Bobby Bank/WireImage/Getty Images Posted May 17 Newswire Yale dean in trouble over brutal Yelp reviews 2 Posted May 17 TV Club Designated Survivor ends its first season with unearned optimism 3 Photo: George Kraychyk/Hulu Posted May 17 TV Club Serena Joy, complex and complicit, takes center stage on The Handmaid’s Tale 4 (Photo: NBC/Getty Images) Posted May 17 Newswire Bobby Moynihan is leaving SNL 5 (Photo: Jerod Harris/Getty Images) Posted May 17 Newswire Will Smith is sticking up for Netflix at Cannes NEWSWIRE GREAT JOB, INTERNET! @AV_Newswire @TheAVClub RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: NBC) today at 1:06 a.m. Seth Meyers tried to keep up with the next [Law & Order sound] from the White House (Photo: Jerod Harris/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:54 p.m. Will Smith is sticking up for Netflix at Cannes (Photo: Getty Images/NBCU Photo Bank/NBC, Nathan Congleton) yesterday at 8:52 p.m. Dennis Quaid to play George W. Bush on American Crime Story (Photo: NBC/Getty Images) yesterday at 8:38 p.m. Bobby Moynihan is leaving SNL RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Photo: 20th Century Fox yesterday at 1:18 p.m. Let’s take a moment to appreciate Alien’s set design Photo: Andrew Lipovsky/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images yesterday at 1:09 p.m. Read this: Jimmy Fallon regrets not speaking up after that Trump interview Image: Matt Furie yesterday at 12:26 p.m. If you still don’t know who Pepe The Frog is, quietly watch this explainer Photo: ABC yesterday at 11:23 a.m. Here’s a damn fine cherry pie recipe for your Twin Peaks premiere party REVIEWS WHAT'S ON TONIGHT @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 B+ Fargo "The House Of Special Purposes" Season 3, Ep 5 RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Kerry Washington (left), Ellen Pompeo (Photos: ABC/Richard Cartwright) today at midnight It’s finale time in Shondaland Who's a good boy? (Photo: Downward Dog, Donald Rager/ABC) yesterday at midnight Sure, Designated Survivor may be ending season one, but it’s talking dog time! Photo: ABC May 16, 2017 at midnight Marvel’s Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. closes out its season with some Ghost Rider Francisco San Martin, Gina Rodriguez, and Jaime Camil star in Jane The Virgin (Photo: Scott Everett White/The CW) May 15, 2017 at midnight Love is a battlefield on Jane The Virgin ALL A.V. UNDERCOVER A.V. COCKTAIL CLUB FILM CLUB RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at 4:30 p.m. Downward Dog’s Allison Tolman and Ned the dog are consummate professionals   yesterday at 4 p.m. The Simpsons-inspired Okilly Dokilly performs “All That Is Left” at A.V. Club HQ   yesterday at 3:58 p.m. We’re giving away this box of Pirates Of The Caribbean-themed goodies   May 16, 2017 at 4 p.m. Okilly Dokilly performs “They Warned Me” in The A.V. Club studio   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 16, 2017 at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   May 11, 2017 at midnight Pet Symmetry rockets “Come A Little Bit Closer” into space   May 9, 2017 at midnight Close Talker covers “Fox On The Run”   May 8, 2017 at noon Get hyped for A.V. Undercover with this look at the new season   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 11, 2017 at 11 a.m. How to make the Hanky Panky cocktail   May 4, 2017 at 1:45 p.m. How to make the classic Bee’s Knees cocktail   Dec 15, 2016 at 12:05 a.m. The classic Manhattan cocktail gets reimagined with rum   Dec 13, 2016 at 12:05 a.m. The King Cole is a merry, bold take on the old-fashioned   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 12, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. Guy Ritchie’s King Arthur is only fun when it’s acting like a Guy Ritchie movie   May 5, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. More is better in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2   Apr 21, 2017 at 3:52 p.m. Free Fire shoots for profane fun, mostly hits its mark   Apr 14, 2017 at 2:31 p.m. The Fast And Furious franchise hits a speed bump   ALL FILM TV MUSIC BOOKS @TheAVClub @AVCFilm @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 C- Photo: 20th Century Fox today at midnight The Diary Of A Wimpy Kid series makes it to number four, but it’s a Long Haul B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL C- Photo: 20th Century Fox today at midnight The Diary Of A Wimpy Kid series makes it to number four, but it’s a Long Haul C+ Photo: Magnolia Pictures yesterday at midnight The Commune is just a midlife crisis with more characters B Photo: Kino Lorber yesterday at midnight The marathon-length The Woman Who Left rewards those who wait B Photo: IFC Midnight yesterday at midnight The Survivalist is post-apocalyptic action at its most minimalist RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 B+ Fargo "The House Of Special Purposes" Season 3, Ep 5 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Cover detail of Harry Styles (Columbia Records) May 15, 2017 at 10 a.m. Harry Styles takes a bold step forward by leaning on the past in his solo debut D May 5, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. The new At The Drive-In record is exactly what you don’t want from a reunion B- Photo: Coley Brown May 5, 2017 at 10:08 a.m. Mac DeMarco embraces dad-rock on This Old Dog A- Leslie Feist in 2015 (Photo: Michael Loccisano/Getty Images) Apr 28, 2017 at midnight Feist’s Pleasure is a demanding record expressing demanding emotions RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Image: Nicole Antonuccio May 8, 2017 at midnight How she became Precious is only a small part of Gabourey Sidibe’s entertaining memoir B Image: Allison Corr May 1, 2017 at midnight Perverted poet Patricia Lockwood runs wild in the memoir Priestdaddy A- Image: Jimmy Hasse Apr 17, 2017 at 10:25 a.m. The Last Days Of Café Leila serves up a family’s history of exile D Image: Jimmy Hasse Apr 12, 2017 at 9:43 a.m. Trump will have a field day tearing into Alec Baldwin’s Nevertheless ALL SPECIAL FEATURES TV CLUB NEWSWIRE RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL today at midnight Welcome to Little Fridays Acoustic Sessions Kerry Washington (left), Ellen Pompeo (Photos: ABC/Richard Cartwright) today at midnight It’s finale time in Shondaland Photo: Tim Mosenfelder/Getty Images today at midnight Mary Timony on reviving Helium, a band that’s finally ready to fit in Screenshot: Prey today at midnight Prey won’t let you forget the cost of leaving your humanity behind RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: Bethesda Softworks May 9, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. Pt. 1—The nightmare never ends in the sadistic sci-fi game Prey Game In Progress: Prey Screenshot: Bethesda Softworks May 9, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. Pt. 1—The nightmare never ends in the sadistic sci-fi game Prey MORE FROM SECTION May 11, 2017 at midnight Watch Boulevards glide through “Got To Go” on a beautiful beach   Little Fridays Acoustic Sessions May 11, 2017 at midnight Watch Boulevards glide through “Got To Go” on a beautiful beach   May 11, 2017 at midnight Boulevards’ “Wear & Tear” wants to be your 2017 summer jam   MORE FROM SECTION Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Star Wars Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Jul 24, 2014 at midnight Your guide to the Star Wars Expanded Universe MORE FROM SECTION May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   Sizzle With SPAM® Brand May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   May 1, 2017 at midnight Hawaiian SPAM® Brand Sliders   MORE FROM SECTION RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 B+ Fargo "The House Of Special Purposes" Season 3, Ep 5 RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: NBC) today at 1:06 a.m. Seth Meyers tried to keep up with the next [Law & Order sound] from the White House (Photo: Jerod Harris/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:54 p.m. Will Smith is sticking up for Netflix at Cannes (Photo: Getty Images/NBCU Photo Bank/NBC, Nathan Congleton) yesterday at 8:52 p.m. Dennis Quaid to play George W. Bush on American Crime Story (Photo: NBC/Getty Images) yesterday at 8:38 p.m. Bobby Moynihan is leaving SNL Log In Settings Find a Show News (Screenshot: NBC) today at 1:06 a.m. Seth Meyers tried to keep up with the next [Law & Order sound] from the White House (Photo: Jerod Harris/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:54 p.m. Will Smith is sticking up for Netflix at Cannes (Photo: Getty Images/NBCU Photo Bank/NBC, Nathan Congleton) yesterday at 8:52 p.m. Dennis Quaid to play George W. Bush on American Crime Story (Photo: NBC/Getty Images) yesterday at 8:38 p.m. Bobby Moynihan is leaving SNL (Photo: Getty Images/WireImage, Daniel Zuchnik) yesterday at 7:32 p.m. Billy Crudup joins Richard Linklater’s Where’d You Go, Bernadette Jeffrey Tambor (left) and Vincent Schiavelli (right). (Photos: Donna Ward/Getty Images, Keith Hamshere/Getty Images) yesterday at 7:04 p.m. Jeffrey Tambor would like to remind you that he’s not “the guy from Ghost” Raiders Of The Lost Ark yesterday at 6:20 p.m. The Raiders Of The Lost Ark soundtrack is getting a vinyl reissue (Photo: Christopher Polk/Getty Images) yesterday at 6:09 p.m. James Corden is coming back to host the Grammys again Newswire Great Job, Internet! TV Club B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 B+ Fargo "The House Of Special Purposes" Season 3, Ep 5 B Modern Family "The Graduates" Season 8, Ep 22 A Photo: The CW The 100 "The Chosen" Season 4, Ep 12 A Photo: ABC Speechless "C-A-- CAMP" Season 1, Ep 23 - Cirie Fields (Photo: Screen Grab/CBS Entertainment) Survivor “Parting Is Such Sweet Sorrow” Season 34, Ep 13 All Reviews What's On Tonight Video yesterday at 4:30 p.m. Downward Dog’s Allison Tolman and Ned the dog are consummate professionals   yesterday at 4 p.m. The Simpsons-inspired Okilly Dokilly performs “All That Is Left” at A.V. Club HQ   yesterday at 3:58 p.m. We’re giving away this box of Pirates Of The Caribbean-themed goodies   May 16, 2017 at 4 p.m. Okilly Dokilly performs “They Warned Me” in The A.V. Club studio   May 16, 2017 at 2 p.m. Margaret Cho reviews some of the biggest new releases in music   May 16, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. We’ve been invited to the Schitt’s Creek Motel   May 16, 2017 at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   May 15, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. Margaret Cho’s best Fire Island story involves the sound of awkward sex   All Video A.V. Undercover A.V. Cocktail Club Film Club Reviews B+ Arrow "Missing" Season 5, Ep 22 C- Photo: 20th Century Fox today at midnight The Diary Of A Wimpy Kid series makes it to number four, but it’s a Long Haul B- Designated Survivor "Brace For Impact" Season 1, Ep 21 B+ Archer Archer Dreamland: Gramercy, Halberd! Season 8, Ep 7 B+ Fargo "The House Of Special Purposes" Season 3, Ep 5 B Modern Family "The Graduates" Season 8, Ep 22 A Photo: The CW The 100 "The Chosen" Season 4, Ep 12 A Photo: ABC Speechless "C-A-- CAMP" Season 1, Ep 23 All Reviews Film TV Music Books Features today at midnight Welcome to Little Fridays Acoustic Sessions Kerry Washington (left), Ellen Pompeo (Photos: ABC/Richard Cartwright) today at midnight It’s finale time in Shondaland Photo: Tim Mosenfelder/Getty Images today at midnight Mary Timony on reviving Helium, a band that’s finally ready to fit in Screenshot: Prey today at midnight Prey won’t let you forget the cost of leaving your humanity behind Nicolas Cage on the set of Wild At Heart (Photo: Sunset Boulevard/Corbis via Getty) today at midnight 1990 was a big year for David Lynch Bob Crane on the set of Hogan's Heroes, c. 1968. (Photo: Silver Screen Collection/Getty Images) today at midnight An unsolved murder and Nazi comedy can’t make Crane a compelling memoir Flying Lotus (Photo: Maarten De Boer/Getty Images) today at midnight What are you listening to this week? Photo: Ben Rothstein / Marvel / 2oth Century Fox yesterday at noon Celebrate Logan on Blu-ray by winning screen-used props from the film All Features TV Club Newswire Sections Film Tv Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Our Company About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Careers RSS Onion Inc. Sites The Onion The A.V. Club ClickHole Onion Studios The A.V. Club Store Get The Latest AUX Newswire Jeff Goldblum was almost the voice of Apple By Sam Barsanti @sambarsanti Posted yesterday at 4:25 p.m. (Photo: Getty Images/FilmMagic, Jason LaVeris) (Photo: Getty Images/FilmMagic, Jason LaVeris) Apple products are known for being sleek and stylish, but Steve Jobs apparently had a vision that involved them becoming delightfully strange as well. That’s because Jobs once asked Jeff Goldblum if he would be “the voice of Apple,” an offer that Goldblum explains in an interview with Australia’s Today Show (via Esquire). Goldblum says he had gotten a call from Jobs “a few decades ago,” but he “did not know it was Steve Jobs,” so he turned the offer down. Esquire says Goldblum could’ve been the voice of Apple’s digital assistant Siri, but the real Siri, Susan Bennett, only recorded the voice samples that Apple uses in 2005. So if Goldblum was talking to Jobs “a few decades ago,” it probably wasn’t for Siri, unless Jobs had the foresight to recognize how awesome it would be to put a celebrity voice inside a phone years before the phone itself was actually invented. It seems more likely that Jobs wanted Goldblum to do voiceovers for ads, or maybe record “you’ve got mail”-style messages for Apple products, but it’s impossible to really say. Either way, having Goldblum be the voice of Siri would be incredible, and—if anyone at Universal Pictures is reading this—would be a great tie-in for his upcoming role in Jurassic World 2. Submit your Newswire tips here. Filed Under: AUX, Apple, Jeff Goldblum, Siri Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Load More Articles Thursdays @ 9/8 CT on Fusion Learn More Get The Latest Newswire Updates Like Most Read 1 Posted May 17 TV Club Designated Survivor ends its first season with unearned optimism 2 Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 (Photo: Marvel Studios / Disney) Posted May 17 Newswire Defendant in Guardians Vol. 2 texting lawsuit speaks out: “This is crazy” 3 (Photo: NBC/Getty Images) Posted May 17 Newswire Bobby Moynihan is leaving SNL Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 18 2017 - 5:47AM Save Print Google I/O 2017: In challenge to Siri, Google Assistant is coming to iPhone facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Google's artificial-intelligence-based Assistant is on more than 100 million devices now, and the company is leveraging a longtime competitor to expand the technology to even more people. At its developer conference overnight, Google said it's launching the Assistant as an app for Apple's iPhone, and that it will support many of the same functions as the service does on Google devices. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Google's Scott Huffman unveils Google Assistant for iPhone. Photo: AP Users will be able to integrate with Gmail and complete various tasks through voice commands, Google said. The application will become available first for users in the US and support English. Other countries and languages will come later. This means users on iPhone will now be able to choose between Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana or Google's Assistant for the voice-activated assistant needs. The announcement heralds a step by Google, whose Android system runs on the majority of the world's smartphones, to get a foothold on Apple's phones, which have smaller market share but are used by people who tend to spend more on technology. Related Content Google's new wireless VR headsets work without a phone Google Translate surges forward thanks to AI It comes as Google, Apple and Amazon are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. Speaking at the conference, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's progress with the Google Assistant, which pulls on Google's massive bank of user data to provide relevant information and suggestions. Advertisement "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," he said. "We've been using voice as an input across many of our products. We've had significant breakthroughs." Google also discussed a software development kit for the Assistant, which will allow third-party hardware makers to integrate the tool into their own products. Google said the expansion of the Assistant to the iPhone and various other third-party products should increase its reach beyond the current 100 million devices. The Assistant can now converse in French, German, Brazilian Portuguese and Japanese. By the end of the year, the system will understand Italian, Spanish and Korean, Google said. Agencies Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Google I/O 2017: In challenge to Siri, Google Assistant is coming to iPhone. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Terrifying Looking T-Rex Ant Found ... Contains: External link Recyclable Cardboard Festival Tents Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Everything new about Android O Google Home smart speaker coming to Australia Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? Google Assistant is coming to iPhone US government moves to weaken NSA secret-keeping Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Voyage to bottom of our sea will seek fresh life in the darkest places Apple set to refresh laptops as Microsoft fights back HTC unveils 'squeezable' new U11 smartphone Ladybird wings could lead to better umbrellas Everything new about Android O WA Today Perth survey reveals post boom blues are hitting WA hard Dark side of the high life: Cottesloe's hidden health costs Fremantle youngster granted 'indefinite leave' from club 'I've won the bloody Lotto': Perth tradie finds ticket in work pants Pet Labrador stabbed to death in Mirrabooka Park The Sydney Morning Herald 'You don't want to mess with us': AFP raid business in $165m fraud probe ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud The 25th Amendment solution to remove Donald Trump Prepare for commuter chaos as bus drivers hit back over 'outrageous attack' The jobs that don't earn what you would expect The Age ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Cheesed off: King Island wants to be part of Victoria Armed gang smashes way into Malvern East jewellery store Rolf Harris accuser reduced to tears in court Melbourne's beloved gorilla Mzuri dies in France Brisbane Times The Brisbane suburbs that will suffer 'extreme' temperature rises under infill CCC warns public servants not to 'peek' at private information Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Queensland drug court could return, with alcohol also in the mix Canberra Times ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud UC student couldn't believe lecturer would be 'so sleazy' Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee Canberra's great public service wage slump Gods cafe owner furious at demand to leave ANU premises WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Hands-on Featured Video The new Android TV home screen has the right ideas, but it's probably not enough New, 11 comments Home screens don’t have to just be grids of apps by Dieter Bohn@backlon May 17, 2017, 5:11pm EDT share tweet Linkedin I just spent some time with a small, early demo of the new home screen experience for Android O on TV. Even though it’s not fully working yet — some of the apps don’t open, and the Google Assistant isn’t running on it — it has a nicer TV UI than the other television devices I use every day. Those TV devices: Apple TV and Chromecast. The latter, while convenient, has no on-screen UI at all, which is a problem if you’re trying to pick a show with somebody else. The Apple TV is, well, it’s a big, boring grid of apps, only a few of which actually surface any kind of deep content on the home screen (and only if you happen to put them in the top row). Android TV is more like Fire TV and the Xbox: each app is able to create a “channel,” which displays important content right on the home screen. You scroll vertically through your favorite app channels, then left to right to get live previews. It will also work with live television apps. There’s obviously a big old app grid if you want that, and a row of your favorite apps up at the top. You’ll be able to use Google Assistant to search for shows or even ask contextual questions. We got to do a small test of that on another TV device running Android Marshmallow, and it worked pretty well as far as the demo goes. It successfully showed the weather, and ably brought us information about Stranger Things. The Watch Now queue is pretty smart There’s also a “Watch Now” queue, which will theoretically have the next episode of recent shows you’ve been watching and movies you’ve quit halfway through. It’s like a “keep watching” list on Netflix. But it’s also like a proper Netflix queue, because you can save any show or episode to it by long-pressing on its icon. That’s not all that far off from what Apple is trying to do with its TV app, but on Android TV it’s built right into the home screen. That may sound like Android has figured out a way to do what Apple couldn’t — but the whole story is obviously more complicated. Complication number one: app makers can choose whether or not to participate in the Watch Now section of Android TV, just like they can choose whether or not to participate in Apple’s Siri search and its TV app. Content companies have proven to be remarkably reticent to allow their content to be listed in places other than their app. The only way to really get those apps into something like the Watch Now queue is probably leverage: sell millions upon millions of devices and prove that the feature is so popular that you’d be crazy to lock your content out of it. And that is really the second complication: Android TV was such a flop for the first few years of its existence that it’s been difficult for it to climb back. There’s simply not going to be a big enough install base for Google to gain that leverage. So Android O on TVs: looks good, fairly promising, but probably not enough to make you want to switch to it. Turns out it’s easier to make a demo of a better TV interface than it is to actually make it a real thing customers use. It should be available alongside Android O for phones later this year. Grid View In this Storystream Google I/O 2017: highlights from the developer conference Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes The new Android TV home screen has the right ideas, but it's probably not enough Google for Jobs aims to make job searching less of a hassle View all 33 stories Next Up In Tech Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it Period-tracking app Clue will tell women what to do if they miss a birth control pill Google is finally replacing its bad emoji blobs in Android O Now Trending Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs The 10 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 Google Assistant, Android O, VR, and much more Google Photos just hit 500 million monthly users — now it plans to make your camera roll obsolete Photos is growing faster than YouTube, Gmail, or Chrome. Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes by Natt Garun 1 comment / new Kickstarter is launching in Japan later this year by Nick Statt 1 comment / new Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs by Vlad Savov 32 comments / new Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day by Ashley Carman 18 comments / new Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it by Dieter Bohn 34 comments / new The first trailer for Star Trek: Discovery is packed with action and shiny CGI by Andrew Liptak 36 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Granted Patents For Bezel-Less Screen Display, Embedded Touch ID Denisse Moreno International Business Times May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Previous rumors have pointed to an iPhone 8 with a bezel-less screen and embedded Touch ID. Now, recently revealed patents are backing up claims that Apple is exploring the technology. Apple was granted a patent for an edge-to-edge display and another patent for a Touch ID embedded in the display screen, Patently Apple reported Tuesday. Read: iPhone 8 To Get LG Facial Recognition System Module For 3D Front-Facing Camera The patent,  “Reducing the border area of a device,” looks to make the screen display bigger on electronic devices. “Although the border area in some touch-based devices may already be relatively small compared to the display/touch-active area, further reducing the border area would nevertheless help to maximize the space available for the display/touch-active area of the device without increasing the overall size of the device,” the patent said. The patent went on to say that bending the edges on the devices would allow the edge-to-edge display to wrap around the device, which is how it’s done on the Samsung Galaxy S8. The patent explained: “This relates to methods and systems for reducing the border areas of an electronic device so as to maximize the display/interactive touch areas of the device. In particular, a flexible substrate can be used to fabricate the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel [referred to collectively herein as a "circuit panel"] of a mobile electronic device so that the edges of the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel can be bent. Bending the edges can reduce the width [or length] of the panel, which in turn can allow the overall device to be narrower without reducing the display/touch-active area of the device.” Read: iPhone 8 Release Date: Apple Could Launch Device In October, According To Supply Chain Reports The second patent, “Electronic device including finger biometric sensor including transparent conductive blocking areas carried by a touch display and related methods,” lists the benefits of allowing a user to authenticate without taking a finger off the screen. The patent is not the first relating to an embedded Touch ID. apple patent touch idMore Apple was granted patent for embedded Touch ID. Photo: United States Patent and Trademark Office “Where a fingerprint sensor is integrated into an electronic device or host device, for example, as noted above, it may be desirable to more quickly perform authentication, particularly while performing another task or an application on the electronic device,” the patent said. “In other words, in some instances it may be undesirable to have a user perform an authentication in a separate authentication step, for example switching between tasks to perform the authentication.” iPhone 8 Rumors, Release Date, Price Both features have been rumored to be included in the upcoming iPhone 8. The device is also rumored to come with an OLED edge-to-edge display,  vertical dual-camera system, a 3D-sensing front camera and wireless charging. Apple’s 10th anniversary smartphone is expected to be released this fall alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. A Goldman Sachs analyst recently predicted the iPhone 8 is will cost $1,000. Related Articles Apple To Integrate Siri Into Messages App Here's A Roundup Of All The iPhone 8 Rumors Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Another large-scale cyberattack underway: experts AFP Relax News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple granted patents for bezel-free screen, embedded Touch ID Apple Apple granted patents for bezel-free screen, embedded Touch ID By Sohil Nikam - May 17, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet The USPTO has just published over 56 Apple patents related to new technologies the brand has been working on. Two of them are of particular interest to people eagerly awaiting the iPhone 8 since they confirm two of its most game-changing features. Apple’s patent for ‘Reducing the border area of a device’ may sound boring at first glance, but it does in fact hold the key to there being a curved bezel-free OLED display on the iPhone 8. It was first filed in 2014, leaving plenty of time for Apple to perfect the technique for its tenth anniversary iPhone. The document talks about using a flexible substrate to fabricate the circuit panel of an iPhone so that the edges of the screen can be bent. Curving the edges serves to reduce the width of the panel and allows the device to be narrower without actually cutting down on the touch-active area of the handset. Also See: iPhone 8 price, 3D facial recognition cameras leaked This description falls closely in line with rumors about the iPhone 8 till date. The one thing the patent doesn’t clarify is how curved the iPhone 8’s screen will be. Some reports have alleged that it’ll stick to a flat display with 2.5D glass around its edges, while others are still holding out hope for a wraparound display that covers the sides completely. The other big patent is titled ‘Electronic device including finger biometric sensor including transparent conductive blocking areas carried by a touch display and related methods.’ In layman’s terms, the copyright discloses one way Apple might go about embedding Touch ID directly underneath the display. Apple actually has several patents on the subject. This particular one discusses how the display layer of a device could be integrated with an invisible finger biometric sensor that can switch between blocking and reading states. Apple’s reportedly been facing difficulties in actually placing Touch ID under the panel, so we’ll have to wait and see whether it manages to overcome these issues in time for the iPhone 8’s launch. VIAPatently Apple TAGS apple iPhone 8 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleNokia 9, Nokia 8 get leaked in teaser video Next articleSamsung Galaxy J5 (2017), Galaxy J7 (2017) specs, images leaked Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India Apple might be killing off the iPad mini Apple to refresh its entire MacBook lineup in June 244,285FansLike 13,621FollowersFollow 14,412SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More ExtraTorrent closed down permanently Bindu Nair - May 18, 2017 0 Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India Bindu Nair - May 17, 2017 0 OnePlus 5 prototype image leaked Sohil Nikam - May 17, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad Apple's new £4bn headquarters is building that firm’s late founder Steve Jobs tipped to be best office in world By Tom Witherow For The Daily Mail Published: 17:02 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 17:02 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail 3 View comments With its vast scale, Apple’s new £4bn headquarters is the building that the firm’s late founder Steve Jobs tipped to be the best office in the world. And it would seem no detail was too small. The company has patented a special pizza box for the canteen so its employees do not have to suffer a soggy bottom. The white plastic box has eight holes in the top and small ridges to keep the base of the pizza away from the bottom of the box. The idea is that the holes are just big enough to let steam out, but small enough to retain heat, enabling 12,000 employees to bring pizza back to their desk from the 4,000-seat cafe without worrying they will find a sloppy mess. The box patent was filed in 2010, suggesting the company was waiting for Apple Park’s opening to reveal its design. It is just one of the fascinating details to have emerged in an article by technology magazine Wired which itemises some of the astounding figures behind the giant office. The 2.8m square foot office in Cupertino, about 50 miles from San Francisco, was one of the last projects overseen by Jobs before his death in 2011. The 175-acre campus will contain 9,000 trees and a 100,000 square foot fitness centre complete with two-storey yoga room. The cafe is fronted by two four-storey glass doors weighing 440,000lb each. Employees can walk the full 1,300 yards around the perimeter of the building on a walkway, and product launches will find a new home in the 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theatre. The building has been designed by acclaimed British architect Norman Foster, who also designed the Gherkin in London, and has been eight years in the making, with the first people moving in last month. In keeping with the company’s passion for clean, minimalist designs, the pipework will all be hidden from view, while brushed aluminium, as featured on the company’s MacBook computers, can be found on fittings around the building. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next US stocks hit highs and Apple's value tops $800bn, as stock... Apple's crisis talks with Imagination end in deadlock as UK... Leaving a sour taste? Apple ditches iPhone chip designer... Share this article Share And in the case of an earthquake, the building is able to move 4.5ft in any direction without losing vital services. To stay within the enormous £4bn price tag, two-thirds of the 9,000 parking spaces are above ground instead of underground. But cost concerns did not stop the team of architects, which grew to 250 at one point, consulting experts who optimise airflow in Formula One racing cars to advise on how to make the building ‘breathe’ via special vents and chimneys. It will run solely on sustainable energy, most of it from the 805,000 square feet of solar panels on the campus. But the building has its critics, with American commentators saying it is old-fashioned and questioning why there is no childcare centre. Scott Wyatt, an architect at international design firm NBBJ, told Wired: ‘It’s a spectacular piece of formal design, but it’s contrarian to what’s going on in corporate headquarters across the tech industry.’ Chipmaker Qualcomm is suing Apple suppliers for refusing to pay royalties, which it says has been done at the iPhone maker’s request.  The tech firm alleges the manufacturers have been pressured by Apple not to pay royalties for technology it says it owns. It has dragged FIH Mobile, Hon Hai Precision Industry, Pegatron Corp, Wistron Corp and Compal Electronics into the row over the value of Qualcomm’s intellectual property. Apple alleges Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Meanwhile, Qualcomm says Apple is using its intellectual property without paying fair and reasonable royalties. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos The world's largest luxury car 'Vending Machine' in Singapore The Tesla Model X and its falcon wing doors Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 Big Money Questions: Would a Universal Basic Income work? All you need to know about the new 12-sided £1 coin Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? Investing Show: How are UK companies doing? Anthony Joshua receives 'phenomenal' bespoke Range Rover Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit Investing Show: Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Buy-to-let breaks down: Lending plummets 80% as stamp... MARKETS CLOSE: London shares tick lower as US drama ramps... Squeeze on UK households' spending power gets worse as... Pensions giant Prudential facing backlash on sky-high pay... Taxpayer makes profit of £900m in nine years as Lloyds... Lloyds Avios credit card customers unable to redeem... Allow EU citizens to keep living and working in UK after... SSE warns of 'unintended consequences' of energy price... Foxtons estate agents see their sales commissions halve... DMGT leads investors as hybrid estate agent YOPA raises... Ikea to open new stores in Sheffield, Exeter and... Apple's new £4bn headquarters is building that firm’s... MARKET REPORT: Cyber security firm Sophos shoots to top... Boss of Patisserie Valerie hits out at Labour’s... ALEX BRUMMER: Sharp intake of relief in Whitehall and... Ralph Lauren has new chief executive after previous... Mining giant Glencore teams up with US private equity... Furious Lloyds shareholders attack bank for gloating over... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro? Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends How to profit from property in the world's best cities Should investors worry about political upheaval? Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS Now one-year bonds pay you 1.55% as rates on fixed-rate savings deals offered by new banks creep up Saga and Age UK are supposed to champion the elderly, so why won't they play fair on prices? DAN HYDE. Why has Neil Woodford bought into Lloyds shares? Fund star buys the bank and 13 other new firms in a Brexit bargain hunt. Should you ditch diesel? Here's what you need to know Drivers worried by pollution and crackdown start to turn away. Vanguard could spark an investment price war, as index tracker pioneer launches cut-price investing platform... - but only offers its own funds. How UK plc is cashing in on the Brexit-buffeted pound Big business revenues rise for the first time since 2013 and profits climb too. FTSE 100 shrugs off inflation rise to break through 7,500 for the first time London shares achieve another record close. Should we give every Briton a basic monthly income? For some it's the key to stamping out exploitation for others it's a ticket to laziness... More pain for savers as inflation rises to 2.7%, meaning ALL savings accounts will now lose you money Signs of a house price slowdown continue to emerge Official data shows homes down £1,000 in a month and annual inflation dipping. I'm 31 and earned more than £200k last year, so now have a £10k pension limit. How do I save for retirement? Steve Webb replies. Revealed: The stopover trick that can HALVE the cost of flights - and give you a bonus stay in an exotic city How to use ETFs to invest in big themes and future growth It's not just about tracking the market Sponsored Mum's will says her partner can stay in her bungalow for life, are her sons now officially landlords? Could May's energy bill cap sound the death knell for overpriced insurance and directory enquiries? RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS Half of under-35s couldn't pay an unexpected bill of £250 And even 80% on good incomes struggle with debt Falling pound didn't stop Britons taking holidays Cost of foreign trips up but we are still going MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is booming as sales team launches own attack MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Financial adviser Mattioli Woods spreads its wings and sees shares surge MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Can the A&E strategy reap rewards for the future? Healthcare firm Totally says yes MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Learning Technology Group's £54m takeover helps shares soar MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Central London property group Shaftesbury is West End gold MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS SANLAM FOUR MULTISTRATEGY: Stay positive... the principle that guides a diverse fund SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Neil Woodford gambles £200m on Lloyds   Diesel fights back as Peugeot leads the pack   Beware the eBay fake buyer scam   EE and O2 add free mobile roaming perk   I want to let a property for no rent   Why hedge funds are buying Tesla and Teletubbies Latest from Markets Furious Lloyds shareholders attack bank for huge losses as Government gloats over its return to private ownership Estate agents Foxtons suffers 25 per cent revenue slump as house prices fall in London MARKET REPORT: Cyber security firm Sophos shoots to top of FTSE 250 after posting upbeat results in wake of WannaCry virus chaos Boss of Patisserie Valerie hits out at Labour’s tax-raising manifesto, saying it would be bad for business Apple's new £4bn headquarters is building that firm’s late founder Steve Jobs tipped to be best office in world Ralph Lauren has new chief executive after previous boss's shock departure following row with its 77-year-old founder Pensions giant Prudential facing backlash on sky-high pay and lucrative bonuses which could see top staff pocket ten times their base salary Mining giant Glencore teams up with US private equity investor Carlyle Group to buy Morocco’s only oil refinery Owner of Harvester, Nicholson’s and All Bar One says rising minimum wage and fall in pound caused profits to slip BT faces another fine after customers waited more than six months for high-speed internet services to be installed MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Google and Apple Vie for App Store Supremacy TheStreet Staff May 17, 2017 4:44 PM EDT Can Google (GOOG) Play stand up to Apple's (AAPL) App Store? Consumers spent $45 billion in Google's and Apple's app stores last year Apple emerged victorious, pulling in 35% more revenue than Google Play However, BMO Capital expects rapid revenue growth from Google over the next 2 years The firm forecasts 29% growth this year, 24% next year and then 20% in 2019 Meanwhile, Apple revenues are expected to steadily increase by 23% per year over the next 4 years Read More: Yes, 'Google' Is a Verb, but Don't Get Too Cute About It - Tech Roundup Google Executive Chairman Addresses Recent Ransomware Attacks: SALT 2017 Google and Apple Vie for App Store Supremacy This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Pizza Hut's Share of the Pizza Industry Is Melting Away, Says This New Data Pizza Hut just can't catch a break. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 17, 2017 11:15 PM EDT The Dow Jones Industrial Average Just Got Rocked - Here's What You Can Blame for Violent Sell-Off Stocks could be due for a breather, thanks to what's happening in the Oval Office. Brian Sozzi May 17, 2017 10:30 PM EDT Markets Down? Get Used To It: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 5/17/17) First serious down day in ages? Jim Cramer says it's as normal as rain; and he has an umbrella for you. Scott Rutt May 17, 2017 9:42 PM EDT Starbucks: Cramer's Top Takeaways Jim Cramer reminds investors: 'No one ever made a dime panicking.' Scott Rutt May 17, 2017 9:41 PM EDT Trending Europe Braced for Selloff; U.S. Futures Improve After Mueller Name to Probe White House FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Burberry Tops Full-Year Earnings Estimate, Plans Deeper Cost Cuts Markets Down? Get Used To It: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 5/17/17) There Is Now Strong Reason to Believe There Will Be an Apple iPhone 8 'Supercycle' Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bucket of signals How Google assesses the 'authority' of web pages Long-awaited... Google rolls out similar audiences for Search and Shopping Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google Assistant comes to iPhone, adds alerts, hands-free calling & more Google's virtual assistant gains a number of new features and expands to Apple's iPhone as competition for Siri & Cortana. Matt McGee on May 17, 2017 at 3:29 pm More Google Assistant was one of the stars of Wednesday’s keynote at I/O 2017. It’s gained a number of new features and expanded beyond its Android-based roots. As expected, Google is making Assistant available on the iPhone, where it’ll compete with Apple’s built-in Siri — the original smartphone assistant — and Microsoft’s Cortana, which has its own iOS app. Assistant will be a standalone app that’s compatible with iPhones running iOS 9.1 or better. Assistant is also getting a number of new features that I’ll describe below. Notifications: Home will alert users when it has important information to share, beginning with things like traffic delays, flight statuses and reminders. The device won’t talk on its own but will light up when an alert is ready — much like the Alexa notifications that Amazon just announced for its devices. Type to Assistant: Recognizing that not every situation is appropriate for talking out loud, users will be able to communicate with Assistant by typing on the phone. Integration with Lens: Assistant will work in unison with Google Lens, the company’s new AI-based visual search tool also announced at I/O today. Users will be able to use Assistant to learn more and take actions on images they photograph with Lens (as shown below). Hands-free calling: This is months away, but users in the US and Canada will be able to use Assistant to place hands-free calls through Home devices to any mobile or landline phone. New entertainment options: Spotify’s free music service is coming soon to Assistant/Home, to complement the existing access that Spotify’s paid users have. SoundCloud and Deezer are also coming soon to Home. On the video side, Assistant/Home will be able to let you watch HBO Now, HGTV, CBS All Access and other providers on your connected TVs. Visual responses: Speaking of connected TVs, later this year Assistant will be able to send visual responses to television screens with Chromecast. Google’s examples included seeing upcoming Google Calendar events on TV. The big push, according to Google’s Scott Huffman, is to make Assistant and Home more conversational and more helpful with tasks. Huffman said that nearly 70 percent of the queries that Assistant sees are asked in natural language, not with keywords like people use when doing traditional Google searches. About The Author Matt McGee Matt McGee is the Editor-In-Chief of Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. His news career includes time spent in TV, radio, and print journalism. After leaving traditional media in the mid-1990s, he began developing and marketing websites and continued to provide consulting services for more than 15 years. His SEO and social media clients ranged from mom-and-pop small businesses to one of the Top 5 online retailers. Matt is a longtime speaker at marketing events around the U.S., including keynote and panelist roles. He can be found on Twitter at @MattMcGee. You can read Matt's disclosures on his personal blog. You can reach Matt via email using our Contact page. Popular Stories Google is rolling out changes to AdWords Ad Rank thresholds: What you need to know 5 massive SEO and content shifts you need to master right now Google advertisers can now see historical Quality Score data in AdWords Purchases on Google quietly opens beta for requests in US Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Google AssistantGoogle: Google HomeGoogle: I/O Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 13. Register today! White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Lifetime Value with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Govt clears 10 new nuclear reactors in big power push Amid student protests, J&K govt warns: Can’t take exams if low on attendance For ‘bribing’ tax official, Essar-linked trust is under CBI’s scrutiny Kolkata: Barkati sacked as Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Defamation suit against Arvind Kejriwal: Called Jaitley a crook on client’s instructions, says Jethmalani Home Technology Tech News Trial Run: ‘First Made in India iPhone batch likely this month’ Trial Run: ‘First Made in India iPhone batch likely this month’ These phones will be sold only in India, maybe just in Karnataka, the state of production. By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Published:May 18, 2017 2:19 am It was earlier reported by The Indian Express that Apple planned to start manufacturing in the country with the iPhone SE. Apple’s first ‘Made in India’ iPhone could become available in India this month as the first units have already been manufactured locally. Indianexpress.com has learnt that this is a trial run and the manufacturing was done in limited quantities. These phones will be sold only in India, maybe just in Karnataka, the state of production. Earlier in the day, a Wall Street Journal report said Karnataka state officials have confirmed that Apple’s manufacturer Wistron Corp has started making the iPhone SE in India. “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” an Apple spokesperson confirmed to indianexpress.com. It was earlier reported by The Indian Express that Apple planned to start manufacturing in the country with the iPhone SE. In January 2017, The Indian Express had reported that in an inter-ministerial committee meeting on whether iPhone kits and consumables should be made duty free, Apple had indicated it wanted to assemble the iPhone SE first in India. The big question now is whether Apple will have a lower price point for this phone in India as it will not face the regular import duty imposed on smartphones wholly manufactured outside the country. The WSJ report adds that this particular iPhone SE could cost nearly $100 lower than the current models. However, this could not be confirmed. In February, the government of Karnataka had issued a press release confirming Apple’s plans of initial manufacturing operations in the state. In January, Wistron Corp, one of Apple’s manufacturing partners applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru. The Taiwanese contract manufacturer had also requested its application be fast-tracked. The Apple iPhone SE is currently priced at Rs 27,200 for the 32 GB version, and Rs 37,200 for the 128 GB version. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express For Anil Dave, work came first. Despite ill health, he spent long hours in office Army gets its first artillery guns three decades after Bofors, will be tested at Pokhran today Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: ICJ verdict today at 3.30 pm OpinionOn triple talaq, court must say: Religious practice cannot trump modern constitutional morality OpinionNobody owns planning, development functions in panchayat samitis, gram panchayats Buzzing Now EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 EntertainmentAnushka Shetty accepts that Prabhas is sexier than Rana Daggubati Entertainment'Reema Lagoo has gone so young': Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor's death TrendingReema Lagoo dead at 59; condolences pour in on Twitter TrendingIn heart-rending video, 13-year-old begged dad for money to treat cancer before death Top News Anil Dave was known for his work on conservation of Narmada river EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after cardiac arrest TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Defence experts demand consular access SportsSRH vs KKR: Knight Riders seal the deal in wee hours SportsBowlers set the game up for us: Gautam Gambhir LifestyleCannes 2017 red carpet: Deepika Padukone looks breathtaking in a Marchesa gown LifestyleCannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's first look in a red floral Johanna Ortiz backless gown TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more TechnologyZomato reports massive data breach, 17 million accounts affected May 18: Latest News ‘Reema Lagoo has gone so young’: Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor’s death Demonetisation: Kerala govt announces Rs 2 lakh relief for kin of those who died in queues Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts  Monaco wins first French league title in 17 years Most Read HBSE to declare Class 12 results on May 18, Class 10 results by May 20 Reema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 When Baahubali star Anushka Shetty agreed that Prabhas was sexier than Rana Daggubati. Watch video CBSE Class 10, 12 exams 2017: How and where to check results                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS 2017 Chennai IPL 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRS 2017 ChennaiIPL 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS 2017 Chennai IPL 2017 X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Google Takes On Apple Siri by Bringing Google Assistant to iPhones Google I/O 2017: Google Shifts Focus to Google Assistant, Apps, AI Zomato Hacked, 17 Million User Records Stolen Google I/0 2017: Key Announcements on Android O, YouTube, Google Assistant And More News18 » Tech 1-min read Google Takes On Apple Siri by Bringing Google Assistant to iPhones Reuters Updated: May 18, 2017, 1:08 AM IST Google, Apple and Amazon.com Inc are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant. Google said on Wednesday it would make its digital assistant available on Apple Inc’s iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. The announcement heralds a step by Google, whose Android system runs on the majority of the world's smartphones, to get a foothold on Apple's phones, which have smaller market share but are used by people who tend to spend more on technology. It comes as Google, Apple and Amazon.com Inc are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. sponsored Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB... ₹ 10,999.00 Apple iPhone 7 256GB (PRODUCT)... ₹ 80,000.00 Apple iPhone 7 128GB (PRODUCT)... ₹ 70,000.00 Also read: Google I/0 2017: Key Announcements on Android O, YouTube, Google Assistant And More Speaking at an annual developer conference in Mountain View, California, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's progress with the Google Assistant, which allows users to complete various tasks through voice commands. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," he said. "We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs." The Assistant debuted last year on Google’s own hardware, and the company has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc , will be integrated as well. In addition, the company announced that it will offer physical photo albums through its photo app. First Published: May 18, 2017, 1:05 AM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Mystery Behind Washington Sundar's Name Finally Revealed Remembering Reema Lagoo's Contribution To Marathi Cinema RIP Reema Lagoo: The Actress Who Upped The Ante of Sitcoms in the 90s Deepika Padukone Looks Ethereal In A Marchesa Gown At Cannes 2017 Video - All You Need to Know About the 2017 Maruti Suzuki Dzire Popular Deals Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB... 10,999.00 OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM... 29,999.00 Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar... 11,999.00 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Rs 1 Crore in Junked Notes Seized in Thane; 3 Arrested Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este, Annual Concours Event to Begin on May 26 PM Modi Condoles Reema Lagoo's Demise 70th Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Mystery Behind Washington Sundar's Name Finally Revealed Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Entertainment Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Watch Google's I/O 2017 keynote in under 16 minutes MIXHalo uses your headphones to fix terrible concert sound Nintendo's 'Arms' has all the depth the 'Wii Sports' games lacked Latest in Entertainment Watch Google's I/O 2017 keynote in under 16 minutes 5h ago View MIXHalo uses your headphones to fix terrible concert sound 7h ago View 5 First 'Star Trek: Discovery' trailer points to a fall release 8h ago View Record labels are pushing Apple Music to have fewer exclusives 11h ago View Image credit: Lucy Nicholson / Reuters save Save share Record labels are pushing Apple Music to have fewer exclusives 'The labels don’t seem to like it and ultimately it’s their content,' Jimmy Iovine explains. Billy Steele, @wmsteele 11h ago in AV Comments 217 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Lucy Nicholson / Reuters Exclusives have been a way streaming services can gain a (temporary) advantage over their competition, but Apple is ready to take it easy on those releases. In an interview with Music Business Worldwide, Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine explains that while the service tried the exclusive route, it will focus less on those efforts in the future. "We'll still do some stuff with the occasional artist," Iovine said. "The labels don't seem to like it and ultimately it's their content." The fact that labels aren't too happy with exclusive isn't a new revelation. The Wall Street Journal reported in September that labels weren't thrilled with the new release model. Of course, the fiasco surrounding the release of Frank Ocean's Boys Don't Cry as an Apple Music exclusive in August only added to that frustration. Reports following the ordeal indicated that Universal Music Group, Ocean's label at the time, was calling it quits on streaming exclusives altogether. Much of the news around Apple Music lately has been focused on exclusive video and Iovine offered some explanation to that. "We're doing exclusive video content now, and putting a lot of money into that," he noted. A lot of money is a bit of an understatement. In the last month, we've heard details about a number of upcoming music-focused series that are coming to the service. And that's on top of the likes of Carpool Karaoke, a Cash Money Records documentary and several others we already knew about. Exclusive albums releases aren't cheap either. Chance the Rapper revealed in March that Apple paid him $500,000 for a two-week exclusive on his Grammy-winning Coloring Book. In late April, Iovine discussed upcoming tweaks to Apple Music to put more focus on the growing library of video content in interview with Bloomberg. In that same interview, Iovine said the company plans to debut 10 different series on the service before the end of 2017. With WWDC scheduled for next month, we could very well hear about a redesigned version of the streaming apps alongside the latest features for iOS. Via: The Verge Source: Music Business Worldwide In this article: apple, applenews, av, entertainment 217 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Personal Computing Microsoft's Template Studio codes your Universal Windows apps for you You provide the framework, then let the wizard handle the rest. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device Part of the Google Play Protect rollout is a new name for an old feature. By R. Lawler,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Security NSA would have to disclose its cyber exploit policies under new bill Ideally, before a global ransomware attack. By D. Lumb,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay Any saved card will now work across Android Pay, the Play store and Chrome. By A. Dalton,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Mobile Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize The days of strange blobs are almost over. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Entertainment Gaming Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boca’s Coastal Computers Now Offering To Buy Used Apple Products Press Release Boca Raton, FL – Coastal Computers, a leading Boca Raton repair outlet for Apple products, is now offering to resell your Apple products on behalf of the owners. Basically, they are offering to buy used Apple products at competitive prices. This includes iPhones, iMacs, MacBook Pro, iPads, etc. Of course, the products must be in good working condition for them to be considered.    “Lots of people out there have Apple products that they no longer use. We are offering them a chance to make some money from those devices,” said Adam, a representative from the store. “We see it every day. Customers come in and they want to know how they can get rid of their Apple products. And it’s not that these products are faulty. They probably just have another newer one already, perhaps one given to them as a gift. Others want to make some quick money, especially the younger high school and college kids. This is why we have decided to create this opportunity. We shall become the go-between. We’ll buy from the public and then resell to interested buyers.” As Adam explains, there are numerous benefits to anyone selling their Apple produce through Coastal Computers. One of them is that they receive an instant quote – on the spot. There is no back and forth. Another benefit is safety. Adam explains that it’s much safer to sell to a reputed store than to a stranger out in the streets, or even through the internet. He also sees it as being more convenient due to the location and the avoidance of online trading fees from sites such as PayPal and eBay.  He says that buyers, too, will benefit by buying original and functional devices in a safe environment where after-sale services are available. With Apple Inc. producing new Apple products every now and then, what Coastal Computers is doing will help provide a platform for people to buy second hand units or to sell their former gadgets. It’s a win-win for both sides. After all, Apple does not buy back merchandise from its users. For more information on this topic, visit Coastal Computers via the details below.  About the company Coastal Computers 190 Glades Road, Suite A Boca Raton, FL 33432 Phone: (561) 285-8054 Email: info@coastalcomputerfl.com Website: http://coastalcomputerfl.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cancer Can Rock with Northwestern University Battle of The Band Friday May 19, 2017 Chicago, IL Next PostNext Automotive Water Valves Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends, Outlook -2022 Search Recent Posts IMF Staff Completes 2017 Article IV Mission to Saudi Arabia Global Meat Tenderizing Agents Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 7% during 2017-2023 Global Consumer Wired & Wireless Headphones Market, 2020: Market Growth, Wired & Wireless Technology, Sensor and Microphone Trends and Competitive Analysis SouthGobi Resources announces appointment of independent non-executive director Lockheed Martin-Led Team Lays Keel on 19th Littoral Combat Ship Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Esc to close Thursday 18 May 2017 News updated at 12:34 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    Environment Minister Anil Madhav Dave passes away      Indian scientist Shrinivas Kulkarni wins Dan David Prize      Bollywood's famous on-screen mom Reema Lagoo dies of heart attack      Finisher MSD still not finished      Forces carry out major search op in Kashmir's Shopian for 2nd time in two weeks      Triple talaq not integral to Islam, is intra-community tussle: Centre to SC      ICJ to pronounce verdict on Kulbhushan Jadhav case tomorrow      Suicide bombers storm Afghan state broadcaster      TMC wins 4 civic bodies, GJM captures 3 in the hills      JK govt's internet ban goes for a toss as netizens turn to VPN      Can women be given option of saying no to triple talaq: SC to AIMPLB      Karnataka IAS officer found dead on his birthday, family cries foul      Mukesh Ambani leads Forbes list of Global Game Changers      Pak violates ceasefire in Balakote, 1700 shifted to safer areas      Monsoon to hit the Kerala coast on May 30: IMD      CBSE to start mandatory accreditation of schools under revised framework      8 Naxals involved in attack on CRPF personnel arrested      What kind of dialogue India wants on OBOR, asks China      Indian-origin Google techie links ransomware attack to North Korea      'India's objections to B&R a show for domestic politics'      HC transfers missing JNU student case to CBI      TN transport strike enters second day; normal life affected      What exactly are you celebrating: Rahul takes on govt over 3-year gala      CBI raids attempt to silence me: Chidambaram      Triple talaq matter of faith for last 1,400 yrs: AIMPLB to SC      I-T raids in benami land deal case linked to Lalu Prasad      INX Media case: CBI raids premises of P Chidambaram, son      Trump shared sensitive information with Russians: Washington Post      Harish Salve charged Rs 1 as fee to argue India's case at the ICJ     Next Story Kaiga to get two new indigenous N-plants Read more >> You are here: Home » National » Bengaluru made iPhone to be out in June Bengaluru made iPhone to be out in June N V Vijayakumar Bengaluru, DH News Service May 18 2017, 1:56 IST If Wistron commences production of iPhone SE within a week, Apple can hit the shelves across the country during the first week of June. According to an official from India Electronics and Semiconductor Association (IESA), Wistron officials visited Bengaluru earlier this week and held discussions with the state government officials and shared details of their production. File photo Apple has commenced assembly of select models of its iconic iPhones at its Bengaluru facility. Apple’s original equipment manufacturer, Wistron of Taiwan, will commence trial production within a week and ship to dealers in domestic market. To begin with, Apple has started assembling iPhone SE model at the Bengaluru facility under its Make in India initiative. If Wistron commences production of iPhone SE within a week, Apple can hit the shelves across the country during the first week of June. According to an official from India Electronics and Semiconductor Association (IESA), Wistron officials visited Bengaluru earlier this week and held discussions with the state government officials and shared details of their production. “Wistron has already purchased a manufacturing facility in Peenya and along with that they have made further investment to expand the capacity of the unit,” said an IESA source. An Apple official confirmed the development to DH and explained their game plan on manufacturing in Bengaluru. “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE handsets in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display and we will begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” said the Apple official. The smartphone is likely to be priced in the range of Rs 27,000 for Indian market. Wistron received certification from the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) in March to manufacture iPhone SE from an assembly facility in Bengaluru. The BIS certification for A 1723 model is a direct reference to iPhone SE, which the company launched globally in 2016. While the state government issued a press release in February confirming Apple’s plans of initial manufacturing operations, Wistron in January applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru. The state government official also confirmed on Wednesday that Wistron global officials were coming to Bengaluru next week. iPhone fans across the country are waiting with bated breath for Apple iPhone SE. “Currently, Apple iPhone SE is priced at Rs 27,200 for the 32GB version and Rs 37,200 for the 128GB version. If they assemble or manufacture in India, the import duty imposed on the product will go off,” said an analyst. Apple CEO Tim Cook, during the first quarter, said that the US tech giant is bolstering its presence in India’s under-penetrated market to tap the huge growth opportunities in the fast-growing economy amid improving 4G network infrastructure. Commenting on the development, state IT Minister Priyank Kharge said the Apple and Wistron decision once again reinforces the state government’s commitment on high-end electronic manufacturing. “This highlights the ease of doing factors existing in the state and there is continuity in the industrial and investment policies of the state,” Kharge said. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Its a political vendetta against me says, Karti Chidambaram Watch: Joint operation conducted by COBRA commando, Chhattisgarh police Pakistan resumes heavy mortar shelling, locals want result oriented talks 8 child labourers rescued from dry chilli powder godown 4 arrested for IPL betting Locals hold special prayer, hawan for Kulbhushan Jadhav's freedom Youth posts video of birthday celebration of firing bullets in air, gets booked under 'Arms act CBI raids P. Chidambarams residence India has strong case: Attorney General Rohatgi on Kulbhushan Jadhav row Videos more Feasted on Mango Yet? Annual mela on at Lalbagh till May 25 Trump says he had 'very successful meeting' with Russia's Lavrov 8 child labourers rescued from dry chilli powder godown Its a political vendetta against me says, Karti Chidambaram Katrina's 1st Insta-post with her 'Tiger' Salman will make your day! Bahubali 2 movie gets A certification in Singapore, finds film t FILE-Sharapova denied French Open wildcard Honduras gang members moved to maximum security jail Watch: Joint operation conducted by COBRA commando, Chhattisgarh police Pakistan resumes heavy mortar shelling, locals want result oriented talks Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Woman from Northeast gang-raped in moving car in Gurgaon 2.In midnight swoop, Palike razes temple, church on its land 3.Woman kicked out of bank in US for wearing hijab 4.Yogi praises Maharana, says Akbar, Babar were invaders 5.If 'Triple Talaq' is sinful, can it still be valid in law, asks SC 1.Now Govt schools in Rajasthan to invite grandmothers for story telling sessions 2.Indian-origin Google techie links ransomware attack to North Korea 3.Landing the right job 4.Jim Parsons marries partner Todd Spiewak 5.New visa regime to hit growth, competitiveness of US firms 1. Karnataka IAS officer found dead on his birthday, family cries foul 2. 'Nagaraj earned Rs 50 cr through note exchange' 3. Maternity benefit now pan-India 4. INX Media case: CBI raids premises of P Chidambaram, son 5. Kaiga to get two new indigenous N-plants Photo Gallery Chaminda Vas giving tips to budding cricketers during a training session in Mumbai A policeman chasing an RJD activist in Patna on Wednesday Students resorted to stone-pelting as clashes broke out outside Gandhi Memorial College KKR's Piyush Chawla with team mates celebrate the wicket of David Warner David Warner and Ken Williamson runs between the wicket David Warner plays a shot during the IPL eliminator match against Kolkata Knight Riders Foreign tourists holding umbrella during a hot day... A tiger cools itself in a pond on a hot day at Zoo in Kolkata... Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director & CEO, Maruti Suzuki... South Korean President Moon Jae-in, right, talks with Matt Pottinger... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Hardware ipad mini Apple is reportedly about to kill off the iPad Mini Due to poor sales and larger iPhones By Rob Thubron on May 17, 2017, 6:15 AM 10 comments TechSpot Apple’s iPad Mini, the 7.9-inch tablet that’s been around since 2012, could be getting discontinued. The news comes via a report by BGR, which cites a source “close to Apple.” It seems the increasing size of iPhones, the new 9.7-inch iPad, and, most importantly, dwindling sales are all behind Apple’s decision. The company contact said “fierce cannibalism of our own products” means the iPad mini has been “sized out of its own category.” They added that sales numbers are “very clear.” When it first arrived, the iPad Mini’s size made it a popular item among those looking for a more portable tablet during a time when most phones had 3.5-inch displays. Today, the iPhone 7 Plus is just 2.2 inches smaller that the Mini, and, in many ways, is the better option over its tablet cousin. Additionally, Apple’s recently released Air 2 replacement, the 9.7-inch iPad, costs just $329, making it cheaper than the $399 iPad Mini 4 ($529 if you want built-in LTE) while offering a more powerful processor. Most analysts expect Apple to unveil a new, 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC next month. It’s said to have the same footprint as the 9.7-inch iPad but with tiny bezels that allow more screen space. With the 12.9-inch Pro also available, Apple may want to push sales of its newer tablets by removing the Mini option from its iPad range. If it really is the end of the road for the Mini, it’s unclear whether Apple plans to pull it from sale sometime in the near future, or continue selling it for a while longer but without any further updates. Related Reads Apple unveils iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 with marginal improvements Cellular models of iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 launching in China this week iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 inadvertently leaked in iTunes 10 comments 107 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… AMD unveils the Radeon Vega Frontier, the "fastest graphics card on the planet" 45 Years Later: Die photos and analysis of the revolutionary Intel 8008 microprocessor AMD Ryzen 9 CPU lineup leaks, capped by 16-core / 32-thread monster Popular 10 comments AMD unveils the Radeon Vega Frontier Edition, the "fastest graphics card on the planet" 8 comments 45 Years Later: Die photos and analysis of the revolutionary 8008 microprocessor Load Comments 10 ... User Comments: 10 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Google challenges Apple’s Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone Google challenges Apple’s Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone The announcement heralds a step by Google, whose Android system runs on the majority of the world's smartphones, to get a foothold on Apple's phones, which have a smaller market share but are used by people who tend to spend more on technology. By: Reuters | San Francisco | Published: May 18, 2017 1:51 AM Google CEO Sundar Pichai. (Reuters) Alphabet Inc’s Google said on Wednesday it would make its digital assistant available on Apple Inc’s iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple’s Siri feature on its own devices. The announcement heralds a step by Google, whose Android system runs on the majority of the world’s smartphones, to get a foothold on Apple’s phones, which have a smaller market share but are used by people who tend to spend more on technology. It comes as Google, Apple and Amazon.com Inc are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touchscreens as a primary way that users interact with technology. Also watch: Speaking at an annual developer conference in Mountain View, California, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company’s progress with the Google Assistant, which allows users to complete various tasks through voice commands. “Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways,” he said. “We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs.” The Assistant debuted last year on Google’s own hardware, and the company has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc, will be integrated as well. In addition, the company announced that it will offer physical photo albums through its photo app. No Comments. Don't Miss Reema Lagoo dead - From Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan to Madhuri Dixit, here's all you want to know about Bollywood's favourite 'mom' Anil Madhav Dave, public servant, amateur pilot, environmentalist: Know about the minister who passed away Zomato hacked: Database compromised, nearly 17 mn users' credentials stolen; credit card info safe Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence case ICJ verdict Live Updates: After presenting water-tight case at The Hague, India hopes for justice to be done Google I/O 2017: How Android Go will save memory & mobile data for your budget smartphone Google IO 2017: From Lens to Android Go, 5 cool features that will make your life much easier FMCG battle heats up: HUL plans these products to take on Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Nokia 3310 relaunch: Feature phones are not dead, it's too early to write an obituary Yogi Impact on UP's Real Estate: Homebuyers regaining confidence as developers, authorities swing into action IT job market crash: This advice from Bill Gates will make life easy for aspiring techies Business Gallery Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Flipkart sale today: Massive discounts available on Xiaomi redmi Note 4, Google Pixel, Moto G5 Plus, exchange offers on Apple iPhones Choicest pics from the Belt and Road Summit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News केंद्रीय वन एवं पर्यावरण मंत्री अनिल माधव दवे का दिल का दौरा पड़ने से निधन विधायक अशोक सिंह की हत्या मामले में RJD नेता प्रभुनाथ सिंह दोषी करार, 23 मई को सुनाई जाएगी सजा लालू ने किया सोनिया को फोन- मैडम, 27 को आइए, न आ पाएं तो प्रियंका को भेजिए, हम एक न हुए तो खत्म हो जाएंगे Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Tips watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry Podcasts New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 Siri the Cyber Security Guard - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-17 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member View All Editorials → Apple’s Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts 1 minute read May 17th, 2017 3:25 PM EDT | Editorial Apple has been a forerunner in accessibility, and the Cupertino tech giant wants everyone to know it. In a series of YouTube videos, you’ll be able to see a sequence of video snapshots of what is possible using Siri, Switch Control, Home, VoiceOver, and other apps for macOS and iOS. Watching the videos, I remember how fortunate I am. I also see how much work has gone into making the iPhone, iPad, and Mac for everyone. After all, many of the accessibility options we write about are useful for much more than just making your Home button work like it used to. Apple’s technology might seem targeted at specific uses, but it’s really designed for everyone Amazing Examples of Helping People Help Themselves I’ve known people who suffered from crippling disabilities, only to wallow in self-pity and let others do everything for them. That’s no way to live, and that isn’t what Apple’s accessibility initiatives are all about. Instead, Cupertino is helping people who may struggle with tasks we take for granted to help themselves. A great example is Todd S., who has jokingly programmed Siri to call him the “Quadfather.” Todd uses Siri, Switch Control, and the Home app on his iPhone to do plenty of things he’d otherwise struggle with. Common, everyday tasks like opening the front door, adjusting the lights in his house, and queuing up a party playlist for this friends. You can see his video in the playlist below. Turning the Extraordinary Into Something Ordinary Here’s another example. Musicians might find using Logic Pro a simple task after they’ve worked with it for a while. What if, however, you couldn’t see the screen or the keyboard? Patrick L. is a DJ and producer with a passion for music and excellent food. Patrick is also unable to see. With the help of VoiceOver and TapTapSee, he’s able to compose and lay down awesome music in Logic Pro X. In his video, Patrick then moves into the kitchen and prepares a meal his wife and children love. It shows how the Mac and iPhone are designed for everyone. But Wait, There’s More That’s Designed for Everyone There are plenty more options of Apple making products that help everyone help themselves. Take a look at the video series below. You’ll learn how designing Apple products with certain people in mind means those products are designed for everyone. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Accessibility, SIri, Switch Control, VoiceOver You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee John Martellaro | May 17, 2017 Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Jeff Butts | May 17, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $150.25 -5.22 (-3.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Recent Tips See All » watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Recent Editorials See All » Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? 17253 Jeff Butts product-news 0 1495034735 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Videos Trader Bios Commentary Four tech heavyweights make up a huge share of the S&P 500 Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook collectively make up more than 10 percent of the S&P 500. Some strategists say that weighting makes the market precariously top-heavy. Others say investors have little to worry about. Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading Nation: 4 stocks are 10% of S&P 500    Tuesday, 16 May 2017 | 2:44 PM ET | 03:26 A quartet of tech heavyweights — Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook — collectively make up more than 10 percent of the S&P 500. Some strategists say that weighting makes the market precariously top-heavy, while others say investors have little to worry about. "The bigger they are, the more they're going to fall," Gina Sanchez, CEO of Chantico Global, said Tuesday in an interview on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "They've each proven to be defensive in some way, which doesn't make any sense, but here it is. Technology is the core of everything we're looking at, going forward," she said. Specifically, Amazon continues to take market share from traditional retailers; Apple has not innovated much past the iPhone, but demand for the product is still strong. "Each of these stocks has an individual positive result, and what it's telling you is that the rest of the market doesn't have a good story. That's the bigger problem," Sanchez contended on Tuesday. In a recent report, Fundstrat Global Advisors head of research Tom Lee pointed out that equity performance has indeed been concentrated, writing that since "[a] lot of the heavy lifting is being done by a handful of stocks," the market is not as strong as it might appear. On the other hand, Oppenheimer head of technical analysis Ari Wald said the performance of these four tech names (regardless of their collective weight) is indicative of a robust market. "The fact that these stocks are doing well tells us nothing else about the rest of the market; the rest of the market is holding up fine, they're just not rallying as much," Wald said Tuesday in an interview on CNBC's "Power Lunch," adding that "we are not seeing breakdowns anywhere else in the market." Furthermore, the four stocks' strong performance year to date and the question of whether this is a negative or positive for the market highlights precisely why so many investors find it difficult beating the broader market, Wald suggested a bit mischievously. As investors, "we want to sell our winners and buy our losers. This is the exact opposite thing what the S&P 500 does. The S&P 500 does not get rebalanced; the better-performing stocks become bigger parts of the average. It lets its winners run. It is essentially a momentum strategy," he said. Wald is referring to the way the S&P itself is composed, as a market-cap-weighted index: A company's value determines its weight in the S&P. Some have gone a step further, arguing that passive investing leads already-overvalued stocks to become even more overvalued, as new money is allocated on the basis of existing (relative) sizes. Hedge-fund managers such as Bill Ackman and David Einhorn, for instance, have argued that index funds essentially resemble a momentum-chasing strategy, with already-winning stocks doing increasingly well. Wald looks on the bright side, however, pointing out that momentum strategies have tended to do quite well. Further, the technical analyst says he doesn't see cracks in Apple, Microsoft, Amazon or Facebook, and forecasts that they will head higher. The information-technology sector is the best-performing sector so far this year, up nearly 17 percent year to date, and has rallied to levels not seen since the infamous "dotcom bubble." Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change FB --- MSFT --- AAPL --- Trading Nation Earnings and the yen: Here's what could drive stocks on Thursday Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management breaks down three key events to watch Thursday. Four tech heavyweights make up a huge share of the S&P 500 Some strategists say that weighting makes the market precariously top-heavy. The worst-performing ETFs all have one big thing in common Out of all the large non-leveraged U.S.-listed ETFs, the six worst-performing are all closely tied to oil. Warning sign for the rally? Insider selling could suggest ‘a weakening market’ Corporate insiders are selling much more than they're buying. Some call that a sign the rally is "breaking down." More From Trading Nation A correction is long overdue, and one high-flying group could get hit hard, tech guru Dan Niles says Three ways you could make money on Wednesday Dan Niles: Investors need to be prepared for a 10% to 20% correction Citi stock is about to hit multi-year highs, says trader Diamonds in the rough: These two beaten-down stocks could be worth buying Byron Wien: Trump is a disappointment, but here’s what’s saving stocks from a correction Forget what Wall Street says — Tesla shares are going way higher, two experts predict Three ways you could make money on Tuesday Amazon vs. Alphabet: The stock one trader is betting on in the race to $1,000 Hot commodities: The best could be ahead for bouncing oil and silver Videos Three ways you can make money on Thursday    Boris Schlossberg, managing director of foreign exchange strategy at BK Asset Management, breaks down three key events to watch Thursday. This is a buying opportunity, says BlackRock strategist    Terry Simpson, multi-asset investment strategist with the Blackrock Investment Institute, makes the bull case for stocks in this interview with Brian Sullivan. How to protect your portfolio from political turmoil    D.C. drama sunk stocks on Wednesday. Boris Schlossberg of BK Asset Management and Mark Tepper of Strategic Wealth Partners discuss with Brian Sullivan. Trader Bios Stacey Gilbert Stacey Gilbert is the head of derivative strategy at Susquehanna. Lawrence McDonald Managing Director, ACG Analytics Rich Ross Managing Director, Head of Technical Analysis, Evercore ISI About Trading Nation is a multimedia financial news program that shows investors and traders how to use the news of the day to their advantage. This is where experts from across the financial world – including macro strategists, technical analysts, stock-pickers, and traders who specialize in options, currencies, and fixed income – come together to find the best ways to capitalize on recent developments in the market. Trading Nation: Where headlines become opportunities. Brian Sullivan Brian Sullivan is co-anchor of CNBC's "Power Lunch" (M-F,1PM-3PM ET), one of the network's longest running programs, as well as the host of the daily investing program "Trading Nation." He is also a frequent guest on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" and other NBC properties. Read more Connect Tweets by @TradingNation To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TOASTER-FRIDGING Is Apple trying to turn the iPad into a Mac replacement? Written by Jean-Louis Gassée Editor, Monday Note May 17, 2017 "And here, we've got another iPad." (Reuters/Stephen Lam) Share Written by Jean-Louis Gassée Editor, Monday Note May 17, 2017 Apple continues to profess optimism for the iPad even as sales continue to decline. In particular, the company hopes the new, beefier iPads will lure content creators away from conventional (and also declining) PCs. But how far will Apple go to blur the line between an iPad and a Mac? On Jan. 27, 2010, Steve Jobs introduced what would become the first commercially successful computer tablet, the iPad. In her well-regarded “2012 State of the Internet” presentation, Mary Meeker shows the iPad’s meteoric growth, three times faster than the iPhone—the iPod left in the dust: (Apple / Provided by author) It didn’t last. Three years after it was introduced, iPad numbers peaked and fell, as shown in this Statista chart: (Statista / Provided by author) Over its second three years of life, iPad holiday sales declined by 50%, from 26 million units in Q1 2014 to 13 million in Q1 2017 (Apple’s fiscal year begins in October; the holiday season is Q1 of the following year). The iPad’s fall was dramatic, but Apple wasn’t alone. According to IDC’s latest numbers the entire tablet market is in decline—a drop of 20% from 2015 to 2016: (IDC Worldwide / Provided by author) What does this mean for the iPad, a product Apple CEO Tim Cook calls “the clearest expression of our vision of the future of personal computing?” Without getting bogged down in hermeneutics, let’s divide tablets into two groups. The smaller devices, such as the iPad mini and inexpensive Android-powered “tablettes,” are used by “lean back” consumers to watch videos, browse the Web, and read email. The larger, more muscular tablets are aimed at graphic designers, bloggers, architects, artists, and other content creators. Because of its simple, touch-based user interface (UI), the iPad mini is perfect for the lean back crowd. This is especially true of first-time computer users. I recall the delighted reaction of an older couple when I asked if they had had any trouble navigating their new iPad. “Oh no,” replied the gentleman with a big smile, “we’ve been going to the training sessions.” What makes the story particularly poignant is that his obviously arthritic right hand must have made PC use impossible. Many experienced users rely on a small tablet as a complement to their “day job” computer. Reading books on the couch or in bed, checking news sites, updating your Facebook status…the iPad mini does a very good job. The problem with all of this lean-back contentment is that it doesn’t breed desire. There’s no reason to buy this year’s “new and improved” model. The iPad’s elongated upgrade cycle, an affliction to which the iPhone appears to be immune, has ravaged sales. (This is something to keep in mind when company execs tout high customer satisfaction numbers… it may signal stagnation, at least for a while.) Over in the “lean forward” camp, contentment doesn’t run so high. After an initial burst of interest in the iPad, content creators quickly realized that they couldn’t conduct their most important productivity tasks on such a machine. Yes, Tim Cook says he does all of his work on an iPad, and with his record of unimpeachable honesty, we do believe him. But one can honesty doubt he builds Numbers spreadsheets and graphs and incorporates those in Keynote presentations for Apple board of directors meetings. Annotations, yes; preparation, no. In other words, for many people and most uses, an iPad couldn’t replace a Mac. Hence the flagging desire. A couple years after the iPad is introduced, Microsoft enters the picture with its hybrid Surface device. The tablet/PC has a touch-sensitive screen with a stylus and a traditional keyboard and mouse UI, and it’s bundled with a set of respected productivity applications including Word, Excel, and OneNote. Observers welcome the smart move, a 3.0 version of Microsoft’s historically successful “embrace and extend” maneuver: Tablets are threatening our Windows PCs? We’ll build an all-in-one device! (Since Oct. 2012, I’ve purchased three, starting with the short-lived [and perhaps to-be-born-again] Windows RT-based device running on an ARM processor; then the more conventional Intel-based Surfaces 2 and 3. I do this because I prefer discussing products from the paying customer’s perspective, having accumulated enough time to let the more durable Third Impression stabilize in my gut. As I wrote in a Feb. 2016 Monday Note, I felt the Surface device was better as a tablet than as a conventional PC.) When the Surface was introduced, Apple execs colored themselves unimpressed. They mocked the device as a toaster-fridge and swore that the iPad would never tread the hybrid path. Steve Jobs proclaims that “if you see a stylus, they blew it.” But only idiots never change their minds. It’s now Sept. 2015: All hail the 12.9” iPad Pro…with a keyboard and stylus (pardon, a Pencil). This is followed, in Mar. 2016, by a 9.7” sibling. Critics point to the Pencil’s lack of a magnet to secure it to its iPad and to the awkward charging arrangement (forgetting, for the moment, that the Surface Stylus needs tiny alkaline batteries that aren’t always available at the airport). The Pro, in name and in organs, is both an admission of error and a proposed solution: The original iPad can’t do enough for content composition/production, but the newer Pros will fill the previously unmet productivity needs. So far, the remedy hasn’t worked. As the Statista chart shows, iPad revenue is still in decline eighteen months after the Pro introduction. Meanwhile, Mac numbers are up: Revenue +14%, units +4%. (Microsoft’s tablets have fared no better: The latest quarterly numbers show Surface revenue down 26% compared to this quarter last year.) If we extrapolate the iPad evolution—a risky exercise in derivative thinking—we’re led to assume that the iPad Pro will usurp more MacBook functionality. One can imagine a version of iOS that offers multiple resizable windows, more file management features… Follow this line of thinking and you’re led to a quasi-MacBook that has a detachable keyboard, a touch screen, a Pencil 2.0 with a magnet, and a somewhat simpler—but not too simple—user interface. To me, this is an uncomfortable contemplation; it could lead to a Swiss Army knife. Gone would be the respective simplicities of the original iPad and the well-honed MacBook. Nonetheless, it’s not out of the question. We’ve seen before that Apple execs aren’t troubled by intramural cannibalization: Better to do it oneself than to be eaten by the competition. What is questionable is the cost advantage for such a device. The Apple-designed Ax processor might cost less than the current Intel hardware in a MacBook, but memory (RAM) size will have to increase in order to support the new, more complex Pro UI. And then you have the added cost of a touch screen and of bundling the keyboard and stylus. A beefier iPad Pro won’t enjoy a sizable cost advantage. (For what it’s worth, today’s entry-level MacBook with 8 gigabytes [GB] of RAM and 256 GB of disk storage is priced at $1,249. A 12.9” iPad Pro with 256 GB of storage, a Smart Keyboard, and a Pencil will cost… $1247. And they weigh just about the same: 2 lbs [907 grams].) It will be interesting to see how Apple finds ways to reboot iPad sales without bastardizing the device. This post originally appeared at Monday Note. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular It’s time to start considering what a North Korean refugee crisis would look like Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Apple, betrayed by its own law firm Lawyer-turned-"troll" started planning patent suit six days after iPhone launch. Joe Mullin - Jun 1, 2013 11:05 pm UTC Aurich Lawson reader comments 159 Share this story When a company called FlatWorld Interactives LLC filed suit against Apple just over a year ago, it looked like a typical "patent troll" lawsuit against a tech company, brought by someone who no longer had much of a business beyond lawsuits. Court documents unsealed this week reveal who's behind FlatWorld, and it's anything but typical. FlatWorld is partly owned by the named inventor on the patents, a Philadelphia design professor named Slavko Milekic. But 35 percent of the company has been quietly controlled by an attorney at one of Apple's own go-to law firms, Morgan, Lewis & Bockius. E-mail logs show that the attorney, John McAleese, worked together with his wife and began planning a wide-ranging patent attack against Apple's touch-screen products in January 2007—just days after the iPhone was revealed to the world. Jennifer McAleese reached out to numerous "troll patent" companies, as she called them, convinced that she and Milekic had an "excellent position against Apple" if and when they chose to sue. She e-mailed top patent lawyers at Google and Nokia, competitors known to be in patent clashes with Apple. The whole time she was advised by her husband, a lawyer who had access to reams of confidential Apple data—but who says he never touched it. (Apple doesn't see it that way.) Together, the McAleeses created "an indirect and covert pipeline" of information pumped to FlatWorld's attorneys according to Apple lawyers. Now Apple wants FlatWorld's law firm, Seattle-based Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, kicked off the case. Meanwhile, the pressure has surely started to mount at Morgan Lewis, which has been a key firm handling sensitive patent matters for Apple since 2003. The venerable firm has reaped huge rewards from assisting more than half the Fortune 100; partners at the 1,300-lawyer firm make around $1.5 million in profit each year. It's an exclusive club and one where John McAleese is apparently no longer welcome. He appears to have been ousted, thrown into a BigLaw "memory hole." McAleese's bio page was deleted late Thursday, and his direct phone line now goes straight to an automated answer: "John McAleese is no longer with Morgan Lewis and Bockius," says a deadpan female voice. "Yeah, unfortunately, I can't comment," said Jennifer McAleese, reached by Ars on Friday. "I'm sorry." As for her husband, an environmental law litigator who didn't specialize in patents, "he can't comment either." Dissecting a lawyer's computer: “Do you know what this is about?” FlatWorld Interactives sued Apple in April 2012, naming just about every gadget in Apple's arsenal as a product that infringed its two related patents. FlatWorld's patents are said to cover swiping gestures on a touch screen. During the next three months, the company filed similar lawsuits against LG Electronics and Samsung aimed at a wide array of smartphones made by those companies. But Apple apparently didn't know about John McAleese until February. That's when opposing lawyers sent Apple a "privilege log," a kind of spreadsheet explaining why certain documents are not going to be handed over during the discovery phase of litigation. FlatWorld listed all the e-mails between the company's founder and the various lawyers he communicated with about possibly filing suit together. There have been many and one of the lawyers listed was McAleese. In fact, that name showed up more than any other lawyer. Even more eye-opening was his identification in a "key" to the privilege log: "Attorney at Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP." This got the attention of an Apple in-house lawyer, Jeff Risher, who rang the first alarm bell in Cupertino. On February 25, Risher fired off an e-mail to a Morgan Lewis partner named Scott Garner. That e-mail is redacted in the public court record, but Risher couldn't have been happy. Garner forwarded the whole thing to his McAleese at 12:48am, asking "Do you know what this is about?" "Yes, I do," McAleese responded the next morning. His wife started FlatWorld in 2007 "and we (my wife and I) contributed capital in connection with the start-up," he explained. McAleese told Morgan Lewis' general counsel at the time about the lawsuit. "I am happy to talk to you about this at your convenience," concluded McAleese, seemingly with a no-big-deal tone. McAleese's involvement has become a very big deal, though, and it could get bigger. Apple fired off subpoenas to Morgan Lewis, and the firm—likely desperate to save its relationship with a premier client—worked quickly to get the evidence Apple wanted. Morgan Lewis handed over McAleese's relevant e-mails and files. When Apple had questions about metadata in a letter signed by Jennifer McAleese, Morgan Lewis gave Apple the confirmation it needed. (That letter, seeking to license a patent to someone named "Michael," had been edited by John McAleese, user MCAL5094.) That's when Apple started its all-out effort to argue that McAleese's connection to Morgan Lewis should halt the FlatWorld case, at least until FlatWorld gets new lawyers. By early May, Apple assembled a motion with hundreds of pages of evidence, highlighted slides of key portions, and declarations from key Apple employees—including Risher, who interrupted some Hawaiian travel to sign a declaration on May 7. The motion and associated exhibits were unsealed earlier this week. But the documents in the public record thus far may just be the tip of the iceberg, and big questions remain. Why didn't Morgan Lewis—which knew the lawsuit was coming before it was filed—see an ethical problem in letting one of its partners invest in a patent troll, especially one specially designed to target one of the firm's big clients? And how many other big-firm lawyers are entwined with "start-ups" that are actually holding companies, created to attack the very corporations they are supposed to be defending? Six days after iPhone's launch, planning for a patent attack FlatWorld Interactives formed in August 2006. While Jennifer McAleese and inventor Milekic gave marketing their products a shot, e-mail logs show there was a patent infringement backup plan on their minds from the beginning. Seeing Steve Jobs get up on stage and show off the "magical" iPhone touchscreen must have made plan B look even better. On January 15, 2007—just six days after the iPhone was revealed—the McAleeses and their lawyer were exchanging e-mails about "potential infringement" and "potential litigation," according to the privilege logs. After seeing the iPhone, the McAleeses worked with Milekic to file a follow-up patent application in mid-2007. The goal of that "reissue" application, Jennifer McAleese later stated, was to "tailor it more closely to iPhone claims." At the same time that McAleese was fine-tuning her company's patent, she and Milekic were trying to get into the touchscreen software business. In 2008, they built three large touchscreen displays for the Philadelphia Flower Show—although two of them ended up breaking down. "Any information displayed is touchable, movable, grab-able," Milekic told a reporter from the Philadelphia Business Journal at the time. Slavko Milekic shows his touchscreen at the 2008 Philadelphia Flower Show. Courtesy Philadelphia Business Journal The following year, FlatWorld got its second deal—and what appears to be its last—doing a large touchscreen installation for the Philadelphia Zoo. Milekic had never written a line of code or taken a programming class. He told a Philly tech publication that his touchscreen software was built with a program called RunTime Revolution, which says it "makes programming learnable by anyone who can use a computer." “Since [Milekic] is a psychologist, he really designs for children,” McAleese said in the 2009 interview. “There’s no directions or instruction, people just know what to do because it’s simple and intuitive.” As intuitive as it might have been, the company only finalized two deals in two and a half years. It never launched ShowMe Tools, a program it said was 80 percent done in 2008. So McAleese and Milekic doubled down on that potentially more lucrative project: who would help them sue Apple? Page: 1 2 Next → Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 159 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Tech News Qualcomm sues iPhone makers in escalating patent war with Apple The telecommunications giant claims the phone makers have breached their contracts following instructions from Apple. Qualcomm's recent suit is based on the belief that Apple's refusal to pay royalties related to technology used in smartphones will take a big bite out of its profit and revenue.  (Kiichiro Sato / The Associated Press)   By Mike FreemanThe San Diego Union-Tribune Wed., May 17, 2017 SAN DIEGO—Qualcomm filed a breach of contract lawsuit late Tuesday against four Taiwanese contract manufacturers that build iPhones and iPads for Apple — the latest salvo in an escalating war between two tech giants over patent royalties. Qualcomm’s court action is in response to Apple’s steps last month to block its contract manufacturers from paying Qualcomm for use of its cellular patents in iPhones and iPads. “Apple is definitely behind this, and certainly what the contract manufacturers would say is the reason they are not paying,” said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel. “Our response to that is you are big, sophisticated companies. You have contractual obligations. You have license agreements with us that don’t involve Apple. You are responsible for paying that.” Read more: Apple posts quarterly upturn, but numbers show big iPhone dependence Article Continued Below Smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm buying NXP Semiconductors in $38.1B deal Apple announces $1B fund to create more U.S. manufacturing jobs The lawsuit falls short of more drastic moves that media outlets speculated Qualcomm would pursue against Apple — including seeking to ban imports of iPhones and iPads into the U.S. Last week, Bloomberg reported Qualcomm would ask the U.S. International Trade Commission to issue an injunction prohibiting iPhone imports, citing sources familiar with the company’s plans. The story was widely repeated. Rosenberg declined to comment on why Qualcomm chose a lawsuit in San Diego Federal Court against Apple’s contract manufacturers rather than going to the U.S. International Trade Commission to bar iPhone imports. “We don’t like suing our licensees,” Rosenberg said, noting that in the past decade the company has brought just one patent infringement case against a smartphone maker. “And we won’t unless we are really put in a corner and forced to do that, and we are forced to do that here.” The lawsuit names iPhone/iPad assemblers Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd., known as Foxconn Technology Group; Pegatron Corp.; Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics — all based in Taiwan, but with manufacturing operations in China and elsewhere. All have long-standing patent license agreements with Qualcomm and continue to pay patent royalties to Qualcomm on smartphones and tablets that they make for other companies besides Apple, Rosenberg said. The lawsuit seeks unpaid royalties of at least $1 billion (U.S.) and damages, as well as attorney fees and other costs. “What they are saying is Apple is not paying us, so we are not paying you, and Apple has told us not to pay you,” Rosenberg said. “And we said, that is interesting, but that is between you and Apple.” He continued, “Presumably you have a contract with Apple. You ought to go enforce that contract against Apple. I hope they take that action.” Over the past eight months, Qualcomm’s patent licensing business has been under fierce attack by anti-monopoly regulators and technology giants, including Apple, Samsung and Intel. The Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm more than $850 million and seeks to dismantle the way it licenses its patents. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) sued Qualcomm in January over similar grounds, and Samsung and Intel have filed friend of the court briefs supporting the FTC’s case. Apple joined the assault shortly after the FTC and perhaps has been the most aggressive in manoeuvres against Qualcomm, which believes that Apple is behind a “global attack on the company.” It is a complicated dispute. Apple reimburses Foxconn and the other contract manufacturers for patent royalties owed to Qualcomm. Early this year, it withheld $1 billion in reimbursements on the grounds that Qualcomm had reneged on a separate royalty “rebate” agreement with Apple in retaliation for Apple’s co-operation with antitrust regulators. Then last month, Apple quit reimbursing Foxconn and the others altogether for Qualcomm patent royalties — claiming it couldn’t pay until the dispute was resolved. As a result, Qualcomm slashed its financial forecast for the year. Qualcomm pioneered a good portion of 3G/4G cellular radio technology and holds thousands of patents on its inventions. Its technology is inside nearly every smartphone. The company licenses patents based on the price of the entire device, and it has agreed to provide certain patents under “fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory” terms because they are included in wireless industry standards. Apple and regulators claim Qualcomm abuses its market power to overcharge for “standard-essential patents” and block competition. These companies are pushing for patent royalties based on the cost of the cellular modem chip instead of the entire phone, and they want Qualcomm to agree to license not only smartphone makers but also rival chip outfits, such as Intel and Samsung. Qualcomm has counter-sued Apple, is appealing the Korea Fair Trade Commission’s decision and has asked a Northern California federal judge to dismiss the FTC case. A hearing on the dismissal motion is slated for mid-June. Read more about: Apple Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 19°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs New Golf Canada CEO promising change, and big-event golf: Feschuk Former Toronto public course player leaves women's tennis tour to return to his roots. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
printed May 18, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19102 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Qualcomm Goes After Apple's Manufacturing Partners Article Comments   Yesterday, 11:27 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Qualcomm is targeting companies that manufacture Apple products in an attempt to recover royalty payments. Qualcomm sued Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal Electronics seeking patent fees. Apple is withholding about $1 billion in royalties from Qualcomm after it sued the company in January for overcharging for patents and technology licenses. The move is just the latest in a series of legal maneuvers between the two companies. "While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm's inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple's instructions not to pay," said Qualcomm in a statement. Apple said it will support its suppliers until the dispute with Qualcomm is resolved. Qualcomm is being sued by the FTC, Apple, and other companies over its patent-licensing practices. The FTC says Qualcomm's business practices may violate antitrust laws. more info at Reuters » Related Apple Files Yet Another Lawsuit Against Qualcomm Apple is taking Qualcomm to court in the U.K. over patent-licensing fees. Apple Sues Qualcomm Over Royalties, Qualcomm Bites Back Apple has filed a lawsuit against partner Qualcomm, alleging the mobile chipmaker used its monopoly power to push for "onerous, unreasonable and costly" licensing terms. Moreover, Apple says Qualcomm prevented it from seeking chips from other suppliers between 2011 and 2016. Apple Sues Qualcomm In China Apple has filed a fresh lawsuit against Qualcomm, this time in China where it alleges Qualcomm abused its market position to score higher patent-licensing fees. Apple also said Qualcomm failed to honor its promise to license standard essential patents at fair rates, reports Reuters. Qualcomm Countersuit Says Apple Hobbled Its Chips Qualcomm filed a retaliatory lawsuit against Apple and accused the iPhone maker of bad behavior. The filing is in response to one Apple made against Qualcomm earlier this year. Intel, Samsung Pile On Qualcomm By Supporting FTC Lawsuit Intel and Samsung support the Federal Trade Commission's antitrust investigation against Qualcomm and have filed amicus briefs to air their own complaints. The FTC hit Qualcomm with legal action in January and suggested that the company's patent licensing practices may violate monopoly regulations. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
clock menu more-arrow The machine is learning Google wants the Assistant to be everywhere — but first it needs to conquer the iPhone by Dieter Bohn@backlon May 17, 2017, 3:05pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Everybody just wants the Star Trek computer. We all know how it works: an ambient AI that's available everywhere, knows nearly everything, and is responsive to our personal needs and desires. It’s always listening, yet it respects our privacy. It's a computer you don't need to think about because no matter how you interact with it — voice, typing, or touch — it just does what you want. That's exactly what Google is trying to build. It's just that, like Star Trek, the future is barely hinted at by our current reality. All of the updates to the Google Assistant announced today at Google I/O are just hints. Taken individually, they look a little like the Assistant is playing catch-up: a feature here, support for a new device there, a new developer API over on the side. Assistant is becoming available on the iPhone. Google Home can make outgoing calls. There's new camera and keyboard features. You can buy stuff directly. And a long list of other minor additions. Each individual thing is a small convenience today, but none of them — or even all of them taken together — come anywhere close to the Starship Enterprise. But step back and you can see the foundation coming together. Instead of trying to rush out big promises about the future, Google's relentless machine is taking a surprisingly measured approach to building the Assistant, betting that AI will slowly overtake everything over time instead of falling into place all at once. It's an approach shaped by fierce competition and early missteps. Google wants to be everywhere, including the iPhone, and it's willing to fight a long fight to get there. The machine is learning. Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge The iPhone revolution taught us one good lesson and one potentially bad one about how technological change happens. The good lesson: it solidified the cliche that revolutions in computers are driven by a change in the user interface. The command line meant users could see the results of their code immediately. The mouse made those computers widely accessible to non-experts. Multitouch created a world of powerful, always-connected devices that fit in our pockets. In each of these cases, the revolution happened because the gap between input and output got smaller. Interface changes didn't just make computing faster, they made it more immediate, literally removing layers of mediation between you and the computer. The command line meant you didn't have to wait for your punch card to get processed. The mouse meant you could just point to what you wanted. And multitouch on the smartphone meant that the very thing you’re tapping — the screen — is the thing that presents information to you. You're touching the information itself. Two of those three input revolutions were popularized by Apple. With Assistant, Google is trying to lay claim to the next one: creating an interface out of AI. If you just look at the new features of Assistant individually, you might miss that they're just emergent features of a larger vision — reducing the gap between input and output to a mere sliver. Can Google make AI the next revolution in I/O? The Google Assistant is meant to someday supplant the icons and text boxes and swipes you currently use, but the AI and machine learning behind it are going to do more than just give you answers: they're going to participate in the interface itself. In a sense, every input revolution was a reduction in the abstraction between you and what the computer is "thinking." With an intelligent assistant, instead of thinking how the interface works or what app you might need, the AI just does it for you. The metaphorical distance between what the computer is doing (AI) and what you're doing (interacting with the computer) will approach zero. Which brings us to the possibly bad lesson the iPhone taught us: that technological revolutions happen quickly. Smartphones took over so fast and so pervasively it made our collective heads spin. But that pace might have been a one-time fluke. It has made us expect intelligent assistants like the Google Assistant, Siri, Alexa, and Cortana to develop and take over at the same rate. Given how complex intelligent assistants are, that's probably not going to happen. So it isn't surprising to see Google slowing things down and tempering expectations. Scott Huffman, VP of Google Assistant, admits that his ambition is still to build that Star Trek computer. "We're aiming that high again." But don't expect it to happen tomorrow, or even this year. As Huffman puts it, "It will take a while to realize the full fruition." Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge An intelligent assistant that you can use everywhere needs to be available (or at least within shouting distance) of everything. And so Google clearly needed to put it on the most popular single smartphone: the iPhone. Using the Google Assistant on the iPhone is simultaneously an exciting and an underwhelming experience. If you've been using Siri (or, just as likely, have basically been ignoring it), you will be pleasantly surprised at how much better Google is at grabbing information. It knows all your Google stuff, it can control your smart home devices, and it can even send iMessages. But it's not all that different from Siri, and you have to open an app to use it, rather than just holding down your home button. You'll also hit weird limits — Apple doesn't make its clock app available to third-party apps, so you can't set alarms. "Siri is pretty good and it is right there," says Huffman. "Things like the alarm clock and things close to the phone, people are going to use Siri." So why would you use the Google Assistant instead of Siri? Mostly because you're already a heavy Google user. If you already use Gmail and Google Calendar and even Google Home, the Assistant on the iPhone is automatically tied into that whole ecosystem. When you ask for directions, it takes you to Google Maps and when you set a reminder, it appears in your Google Calendar. The Google Assistant is a different thing from Google Search — it’s more experimental, so it’s a separate app Google also made an interesting — and somewhat surprising — choice in bringing the Assistant to the iPhone: it's a separate app from Google search. That’s partly about changing expectations, and partly about Google's new strategy of building a foundation for the Assistant that eventually leads to that futuristic computer. "Search is mostly about public information," says Huffman. Google has made some half-hearted attempts to get people to use the search box for their personal information, but it never really took; it's just too weird for people. But the Assistant is designed from the jump for personal information, so it was important to separate it from the main Google app. It also works differently. "The interaction model being a conversational UI from the base is very different from the well-honed, well-oiled UI of search," says Huffman. It also probably doesn't hurt that if the Assistant becomes popular, it's another app that Google can get on the prized real estate of the iPhone home screen, alongside YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, and other heavy hitters. Google can’t do anything about the iPhone home button being tied to Siri, but it’s shipping the Assistant app with an associated home screen widget, so you can quickly jump directly to it with a swipe from your home or lock screen. Photo by Dieter Bohn / The Verge There are a ton of new updates coming to Google Assistant, the Google Home intelligent speaker, and the Chromecast TV stick later this year: The Assistant will accept keyboard input on phones now. The Assistant will have a new camera input that can identify objects and let you ask questions about them. Google Actions — the thing that lets the Assistant talk to third-party services like Alexa skills — are going to be available on phones. You can call any phone number for free in the US and Canada with Google Home. 70 different smart home manufacturers will work with Google Home now, with an open system to add more themselves whenever. Google Home can add calendar events and reminders, and will pulse a light when a reminder is waiting for you. Spotify’s free tier it coming to Google Home, as are Deezer and SoundCloud. "A bunch" of third-party hardware makers will announce Google Home speakers. The Chromecast is going to have a bare-bones television UI you can use to pick what show you want to watch. You can stream your Nest security cam video to Chromecast. You can also tell Google Home to watch HBO or Hulu on Chromecast. Google Home will be able to send visual search results to the Chromecast when appropriate — so you can ask to see your calendar for the day, and it will just show you. You can finally set reminders and calendar events on Home, too. Google Home is coming to more countries: Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and Japan. Google Assistant will work in more languages: Brazilian, Portuguese, French, German, and Japanese. Later this year Google will add Italian, Korean, and Spanish. For the time being, Google isn't going to get in the game of trying to take on Alexa in a heads-up battle for the biggest number of apps (or, in home speaker parlance: skills or actions). Instead, it has a radically different idea for the foundation of how an assistant should work: the web. "Rather than managing apps and installing things," Huffman argues. "I think of it a little bit like the web. You never say, ‘Do you have website x?’ … I have a browser so I have them all. That's the way it should work." Rishi Chandra, VP of Google Home, agrees. "Our context is always the scale of what the web can do ... Otherwise everyone's thinking way too small." "What do people care about?" asks Valerie Nygaard, product manager for Google Assistant. "They care about what [assistants] can help them do." So instead of a big list of skills you look for and enable like you do on Alexa, the Assistant just tries to be ready to give you anything you ask for, sort of like a web browser. "We want to look at the whole spectrum of what we can do. We look at what our competitors can do, and what we can do, and we take that very seriously," says Nygaard. So Google's argument is really that while Amazon has a commanding early lead with specific skills, what it's really trying to do is build the beginnings of an entirely new kind of AI-assisted internet that's more open than Alexa or Siri — though not nearly as open as the web itself. Rather than try to craft partnerships with every single app maker like Apple does for Siri, Google is just opening up a place where any smart home device maker can register their product to work. Rather than ask everybody to make a custom "skill" like Amazon does with Alexa, Google is hoping its Assistant can figure it out using Google's own ranking algorithms and what it knows about you. Nygaard showed me a demo of how that system will work by ordering delivery from Panera. She asked the Assistant to do it, and Panera's chatbot — not dissimilar from what we've seen on Facebook Messenger — spun up. She could speak to it normally to order, but that conversation was augmented by the Assistant. Google knew her address, so she could just tap it to send to Panera. And rather than setting up some kind of weirdo Panera account, she could just pay with the credit card information Google had on file. "I'm in control of that, and I'm absolutely in control of what I share with Panera," Nygaard said. All of this means that Google has a wholly different problem than Amazon or Apple: most users might not even realize what they can do with it. "The biggest thing I'm worried about [is] how do we educate people about what you can do?" Chandra asks. The answer, honestly, is still really unclear. Photo by Dieter Bohn / The Verge This is not the first time we've seen grand visions of the future of intelligent computing from Google. First there was Google Now, which attempted to provide proactive information before you even asked for it. Then there was Now on Tap, which tried to put Google's intelligence to work understanding apps so you wouldn't have to manage the information inside them. Both failed to live up to their promise. Both have been quietly and somewhat unceremoniously folded into Google's latest effort, the Google Assistant. "The assistant umbrella gives us a place to put all those things that makes sense," says Huffman. The problem with Now and Now on Tap, Chandra says, is that on their own they didn't comprise a complete vision for what an AI computer should do. Instead, they were just "features of that broader vision." Huffman calls them "different aspects of what that AI-based UX needs to do." Hopes are higher that this time around, the Assistant is the right foundation. For one thing, it's more flexible. You can interact with it on multiple devices: Android phones, iPhones, watches, televisions, and cars. It will show you your history of conversational interactions so you don't lose what you were looking for. You can speak to it or (finally) type to it. “We don't think there's a typing assistant and a voice assistant. We think there's one assistant.” Later this year, you'll be able to hit a button and use the camera to identify things and ask questions about it. In the demo Google is showing, you can point it at a theater marquee, it will identify the band scheduled to play, and you can choose to do whatever you want with that information, like buy tickets, save it to your calendar, or watch music videos on YouTube. Another reason that the Assistant has a better shot is that Google is being more careful about building it out. It recently added multiuser functionality to Google Home, so it could identify who was speaking to it and take action based on that person's Google account. The company waited for that before it launched reminders and calendar events, rather that put those features out earlier. Reminders won't make noise at first; they'll gently pulse the light on the Home. And for those of us who use Google Apps for work, those will eventually come to Home, too — once Google can work through some of the thornier legal issues of making your work information available on a personal home device. People tend to be more skeptical of Google when it comes to privacy. And for good reason: this is a company that fundamentally tries to learn everything it can about you so it can serve ads. But the company consistently insists that neither ads nor other revenue plans are on the radar just yet. "We want to build the great consumer ecosystem and developer ecosystem before we're worried about our cut," says Nygaard. Privacy concerns also apply to the calling feature — you can dial out, but the Home itself won't let people call it. When you do call, it defaults to a private number unless you specifically tell Google to use your mobile phone number. Incoming calls may happen later, but "it's one of the things we only want to do once we can get it right," according to Chandra. "When you have one shot at giving an answer… the bar gets higher.” All of that caution doesn't mean that Google deserves a free pass, though. Even when it's not about privacy and security, Google has already shown it can make mistakes with Home. The Assistant's tendency to just provide the first answer it can find from the web has led it to spout off some horrible misinformation and inadvertently become the vehicle for burger ads. In a recent blog post, Google has announced changes to mitigate these problems — but they're not going to entirely go away. "When you have one shot at giving an answer… the bar gets higher," says Chandra. "This is a Google-wide challenge. We are 100 percent treating it seriously, one of [CEO] Sundar [Pichai]’s top things is making sure we're as accurate as possible.” But “it's going to be algorithmic, so we can't be perfect," he says. Huffman notes that Google is working to make "attribution really clear" when it provides that single answer. The Google Home may also tell users that more information about a given topic is available in the Google Home app on the phone. It's not a complete fix, but it's at least a start. Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge Here's one more example of caution: nearly nothing described here is going to be available until later this year. Even though it holds the Google I/O developer event every May, the company doesn't really hold much to announce there, nor does it rush to release products on that deadline. Instead, that's just how Google rolls, iterating its products so often throughout the year that you might not even notice they have new features. Huffman says that Google learned an important lesson from search: people just keep asking questions Google can't answer yet, so Google goes out and tries to answer those questions. "What naturally happens is they just think it should do everything and they keep asking. And we learn over time what to do next," he says. If Google releases enough Google Assistant features it might make it good enough for you to keep using it, even if it doesn't realize its total potential for a long time to come. That steady iteration is also a strategy for setting expectations. If users know that more updates are coming, they might temper their "future of computing" expectations when they use assistants today. Huffman will tell you that "what we're aiming for is the assistant that you can have any conversation with on any device and it will do anything." But in the same breath he'll tell you that we're nowhere near that yet. "This isn't a six-month problem, it isn't even a one-year problem. It's a multi-year thing," he says. That's the thing about the Star Trek computer: it's always in the future. Google Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes Google Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs Google Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day View all stories in Tech Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Everything We Expect Apple to Announce in 2017 Josh Smith05/17/2017 This is what you can expect from Apple in 2017. From the iPhone 8 that everyone is talking about to new MacBooks, iPads, and Apple Watch 3 and major software updates. After covering this space for years, here are our 2017 Apple predictions. Apple delivered a new iPad in March along with new Apple Watch Bands. In April Apple confirmed a 2017 iMac and announced a 2017 Mac Pro. New rumors indicate that we will see an Apple Watch 3 release date later this year and we could see the 2017 MacBook Pro, 2017 MacBook Air and 2017 MacBook before summer is over. We saw the iPhone 7 and a new MacBook Pro arrive last year, but many users are still hoping for a 2017 Mac Mini, a new iPad mini and other new Apple products. Will 2017 be the year that Apple answers the calls to deliver these products as well as a new Mac Pro? It’s going to take the 2018 Mac Pro to meet the needs of many users, but there is a good iMac Pro update coming this year. Only time will tell exactly what you will get, but Tim Cook recently reaffirmed Apple’s commitment to “Pro” users and there are a lot of Apple products that need an update. 2017 Apple Predictions Everything you can expect from Apple in 2017. This is a list of what we think we will see from Apple in 2017 across the product line. We’ll catch you up on the latest rumors for those devices and for fringe items set expectations on whether or not we will see an update this year. Apple is notoriously slow to update desktops like the Mac Mini, leaving users to swear, “This is the year!” as Spring approaches. The iPad upgrades are easier to predict but still aren’t as specific as the old reliable iPhone update that comes every fall just like Daylight Saving Time. Here’s what you can expect from Apple in 2017; iPhone 8 iPhone 7s & iPhone 7s Plus iOS 11 iPad Pro 2 iPad Air 3 iPad mini Apple Watch 3 macOS 10.13 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 MacBook 2017 Mac Mini 2017 Mac Pro Apple skipped a Spring Apple event to simply announce new products. The next event on the books is a developer event in June where iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 are expected. This could be where we see some Pro device arrive, but this could also come via a press release or at a fall Apple event. iPhone 8   1 / 11 We expect the iPhone 8 from Apple this year. This is the flagship iPhone for 2017, and it may only come in one size.  Expect a huge 5.8-inch or 5.5-inch display in a phone that isn't much bigger than the iPhone 7. Apple will switch to OLED, like the screens on Samsung smartphones. Expect a new edge-to-edge display and to see Touch ID as part of a display with no physical home button.  Count on a completely new design, wireless charging and a faster processor to power what may be the most expensive iPhone yet.  We expect an iPhone 8 release date in the fall, shortly after an Apple event. iPhone 8 concept by Georgy Pashkov.     1 / 11 One Response 03/15/2017 Richard Spafford Reply No new iMac update expected? Are you serious!!!! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google is doing deep surgery on Android The search giant's mobile software runs on 2 billion devices. Its next job: Getting those devices on the latest version -- and trying to reach a billion more. Tech Industry by Richard Nieva May 17, 2017 11:18 AM PDT @richardjnieva 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF In 2006, Andy Rubin -- who created Google's Android software -- showed an early demo of his mobile operating system to Hiroshi Lockheimer, then a 31-year-old college dropout he hoped to hire at Google. It was two years before Android's official debut, and that first demo was crude. It was on a candybar of a phone, the HTC Tornado, with a small screen and a physical keypad. "It didn't look anything like Android does today," Lockheimer, now Android's chief, tells me in a conference room with a glass wall overlooking Google's campus in Mountain View, California. "It was nowhere near [version] 1.0 ... but it just felt so tantalizing." Android has since become the most popular mobile OS on the planet. On Wednesday, at Google's annual I/O developer conference, the company announced Android now runs on 2 billion devices, up from 1.4 billion in 2015. (By comparison, Apple's iOS software runs on nearly 1.7 billion iPhones and iPads.) Hiroshi Lockheimer, Android's chief, is trying to fight off fragmentation. James Martin/CNET Android isn't just on phones. It's also in cars, watches, TVs and, in the age of internet-connected everything, random devices like security cameras, fridges and routers. That's why Google is touting new figures about each of its Android offshoots. Android Autos, its in-car dashboard software, runs on 300 models, including cars from Volvo and Audi. Android Wear, software tailored for wearable tech, is in almost 50 watches, from brands like Movado and Emporio Armani. Android TV boasts 1 million activations every two months and has more than 3,000 TV apps. And Android Things, Google's platform for the burgeoning "internet of things" has "thousands" of developers in 60 countries. Spreading the gospel of Android is crucial for Lockheimer and Google CEO Sundar Pichai because the OS is the gateway drug to the company's services, including Google Maps, Gmail, YouTube and its iconic search engine. To broaden Android's scope, Google set its sights on everything -- from staking a place in your living room to reaching people in remote countries, where entire populations are just coming online. But even with Android's polished resume, Lockheimer has a problem -- especially as Google and Apple keep jostling for supremacy. Asked what the 10th anniversary of the iPhone means to him, he says, "Nothing. It's great to have really capable competitors." That milestone doesn't matter because, he says, "Every year we're competing with Apple." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android, says Project Treble is a "profound change" for Android. James Martin/CNET I buy that in part because it's not about getting Android on phones. Google already dominates in that department. Almost nine out of every 10 smartphones shipped worldwide run on Android. The problem is getting the newest version of Android in people's hands. Literally. If you have an Android phone, it's a mathematical likelihood you're using an old version of the software. Only about 7 percent of all Android users currently have the most recent version, called Nougat, installed on their devices. A whopping 82 percent of Android owners are on three older versions: Marshmallow, Lollipop and KitKat. The oldest of those, KitKat, was released in 2013. (By comparison, Apple's most recent version of its mobile software, iOS 10, has found its way onto 79 percent of all iPhones and iPads.) For the uninitiated, Google's got a sweet tooth when it comes to naming major Android releases. They're in alphabetical order, and all have a confectionary namesake (KitKat is Lockheimer's favorite candy). Now Google is sharing new details about the next version, which for now is nicknamed "Android O." The goal: Getting more people to adopt the software so it doesn't end up being more like "Android Ohhh yeah I remember when they announced it, but what happened?" Part of Google's plan is something called Project Treble, which tries to clear away some of the roadblocks between consumers and new versions of Android. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date," says David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android. "It's a pretty profound change." Operation Android To understand the solution, you first have to understand the problem. Android suffers from a pesky condition the industry calls "fragmentation." (Bear with me. This is going to get a little wonky.) Though Google develops the software, it's up to device makers and wireless carriers to sign off on it before it gets to you. That's because they usually add their own apps and flourishes then have to test everything before putting it on phones and other gadgets. But even before the software gets to handset makers such as Samsung and LG, or carriers such as Verizon and AT&T, it makes a pit stop with chipmakers. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android One of the targets of Project Treble is those chipmakers, which include companies like Qualcomm. The chipmakers customize bits of Android code to make sure the software works well with their processors. This can be tricky because the code is interspersed throughout Android's framework. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news At least, it used to be. With Project Treble, Google separated out the particular code that chipmakers care about to make it easier for them to find everything in one place. That should cut the amount of time it takes for updates to flow down the pipeline from chipmakers to device makers. "The goal here is, can we cut down the number of months it takes from when there's a new version of Android to the time it gets to users?" says Burke. "Ultimately it's trying to make it easier -- grease the wheels of the whole ecosystem." Still, it's not a silver bullet. While Project Treble addresses the first part of the pipeline, handset makers and carriers can still take as much time as they want before pushing out Android updates. That's because hardware manufacturers might not find it profitable to update your phone, says Jan Dawson, principal analyst at JackDaw Research. If you get fed up with your outdated software, you could end up buying a whole new phone. "They have mixed incentives," he says. Lockheimer thinks Project Treble is a big deal, but he also takes a tempered view of its impact. "It doesn't mean automatic updates are going to happen," he says. "It's still work. And someone needs to do that work." Vital signs With Android O, officially released later this summer, Google focused on the "fundamentals," Lockheimer tells me. That's things like speed, performance and battery life. Google calls these "vitals," which is especially apt given all its talk about "deep surgery" for Android. One thing Google did to conserve your phone's battery life is limit what developers can do with apps running in the background. As an example, it's put more restrictions on what an app can do with location services or launching into specific tasks. "If your battery goes out at 4 p.m., it doesn't matter what features your phone has," says Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson, director of product management for Android. Google said it worked closely with app developers to strike a balance between what was good for the app and what was good for users. The company is also introducing a new feature on Wednesday called Google Play Protect, which will let people see how Google uses machine learning to scan apps to make sure they won't harm your phone with viruses or malware. But Google is trying to fix more than just the plumbing. Android O will show off a bunch of new features to the 7,200 developers expected to attend I/O over the next three days. There's a new smart copy-and-paste feature that seems particularly interesting. When you highlight text in an article or text message, for instance, Android will automatically detect if it's an address or a proper noun. If it's an address, the software will highlight the entire address, so you don't have to. And instead of merely suggesting actions such as "copy" or "select all," it may suggest a map. If you select a phone number, expect to see the phone dialer. Google is also bringing autofill features to Android, similar to how they work on browsers. If you enter your login information in an app, your phone will ask if you want to save your password or username. The next time you try logging into an app, you'll be given the choice to autofill the information. (The text box will turn yellow, just like it does on Google's Chrome browser.) Another feature is picture-in-picture, which had been available for Android TV but not on phones. It's not just for videos. Burke says the company is also working on a version for Google Maps. That means you can see a small map at the corner of your screen if you want to switch apps to, say, play a song or look up a restaurant on Yelp. Living room dreams "Can we turn off those lights?" We're in a tiny room at Google's sprawling headquarters that has been set up to look like a living room. There's a TV, a couch, a coffee table and some floor lamps. As CNET's video crew sets up for a shot, one of our cameramen worries the room is too bright. When he asks to kill the lights, Sascha Prueter, director of Android TV, says, "Actually, that's a good demo." "Turn out the lights," he says, speaking into a video game controller. The lights go out. The crew cheers. Android TV has a new interface that puts movies and shows front and center. James Martin/CNET It's part of the the newest updates to Android TV, Google's software for powering set-top boxes and other TV devices, including the Nvidia Shield, which Prueter is using for the demo. It may seem a little odd to ask your TV to turn off the lights, but the company wants interactions like this to become second nature to you. Pichai unveiled Google's digital helper, called the Assistant, at last year's I/O. It's designed to compete with Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. The Assistant can do things like play songs, give you flight information or tell you the weather. With the Assistant on Android TV, you'll be able to check on things like an internet-connected security camera or use your voice to search for a particular actor on YouTube. When you highlight text in Android, a new feature gives you more options than just "copy" and "paste." Google The user interface for Android TV is getting a revamp too. Content will be front and center now, while you previously had to open up an app first. You'll also see a preview or snippet of a show or movie as you're scrolling through a list of options and rest the selector over a particular title. This is only the latest phase in the company's assault on your living room. Google already has Chromecasts for streaming video and audio, Google Wi-Fi routers for creating a strong home network and Google Home, a smart speaker with the Assistant built in. Home is meant to take on the Amazon Echo, which was a surprise hit when it was released two years ago. Your home is fast becoming one of the fiercest battlegrounds in Silicon Valley. Besides the brawl between Google and Amazon, Apple offers its HomeKit software for iOS and is rumored to be readying its own smart speaker. Microsoft just announced it will build Cortana into speakers with the help of outside device makers. And while Facebook hasn't announced any plans to enter the market, CEO Mark Zuckerberg spent all of last year building his own digital butler, named Jarvis. Adding the Assistant to Android TV is another Trojan horse for Google's digital helper. Prueter said the company is even working on versions of the service that work when the TV is off. That way, you might buy a Google Home for your kitchen, but use your Android TV in the living room. If Google gets its way, you'll eventually have multiple devices in your home, all equipped with the Assistant. It could get confusing -- and annoying -- if you try to talk to one device by saying the "OK Google" command and trigger every other Assistant-enabled device. Google is working on a fix for that problem, but it's not ready yet. Prueter says software will be able to deduce which device you're talking to by measuring things like voice clarity and distance. Go, Android, Go Google also has big plans in emerging markets to help it extend Android's reach. With a new initiative, internally nicknamed Android Go, it's working to make the mobile software cater to people with entry-level phones. That's not the first time it's tried to appeal to the wider market. Two years ago, it had a similar effort called Android One. But that focused on the device instead of the software. Android One initially launched in countries including India, Indonesia and the Philippines, where Google partnered with local manufacturers to build quality phones that were also affordable. Sameer Samat , vice president of product management, said 'Android Go' is about making Android work better for entry-level phones. James Martin/CNET But the focus has since shifted to address issues such as making sure Android phones get regular security updates, says Sameer Samat, vice president of product management for Android and Google Play. And the program focuses on the entire range of the market now, not just the low end. "While hardware is half the story, the software also has to be tuned for the needs of users that have limited data connectivity," Samat says. Most of the people who will use Android Go will probably be on prepaid data plans. So the software has a dashboard front and center where you can track all the data you've used and see what you still have available. It also has a special version of the Google Play store that prominently features apps that work better with entry-level phones. Of everything Android is announcing this year, Lockheimer says Android Go is his favorite because of what it represents: bringing computing to everyone. "To introduce a lot of new people to smartphones in a good way is something that's pretty exciting," he says. Kind of like when he first saw Android on that bulky phone 11 years ago. 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Tech Industry Google Alphabet Inc. CNET First Take Google Android O The new software digs deep in an effort to make Android faster and smoother. See it Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories San Francisco considers ban on sidewalk delivery robots 5 things we didn't get at Google I/O Google I/O gives a look at Android's future (The 3:59, Ep. 229) Google's Android now powers more than 2 billion devices Close   Discuss: Google is doing deep surgery on Android Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Car Wars Travis Kalanick Says Elon Musk Tried to Trick Him into Making a Huge … Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Car Wars Travis Kalanick Says Elon Musk Tried to Trick Him into Making a Huge Mistake Apparently it backfired. by Maya KosoffMay 17, 2017 9:03 am Email Facebook Twitter From Bloomberg/Getty Images. When Apple, the world’s most valuable public company, invested $1 billion last year in Uber’s biggest rival in China, Travis Kalanick was rattled. Already hemorrhaging money in his bid to take over the Chinese ride-hailing market, the Uber C.E.O. reportedly called up Tesla’s Elon Musk with an unusual proposal: to team up on developing driverless cars to take on Apple together. “I said, ‘Look man, we should partner,’ ” Kalanick recalls in Wild Ride, a new book on Uber’s bid for world domination, written by Fortune’s Adam Lashinsky and read in advance by Bloomberg this week. But Musk rejected the idea, Kalanick says. “Elon spent the rest of the call convincing me that it’s too far out, and it’s not realistic, that I should just stick to what we do best and be focused, or I’m going to f--- it all up. That’s when I knew Tesla was competing.” At the time, both Uber and Tesla were working on autonomous-driving technology. According to Kalanick, one of his top deputies discovered that Tesla had made self-driving cars a priority. (Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A source told Bloomberg that though Musk rebuffed Kalanick’s offer to partner, he didn’t try to tell Kalanick to avoid working on self-driving cars.) In the days after Musk turned down Kalanick’s offer to work together, Musk revealed his “Master Plan, Part Deux,” a 1,500-word manifesto outlining the future of Tesla—a future that included Musk’s competing vision for his own autonomous, on-demand taxi fleet, composed of Tesla vehicles rented out by their owners when not in use. “When true self-driving is approved by regulators, it will mean that you will be able to summon your Tesla from pretty much anywhere,” Musk wrote. “You will also be able to add your car to the Tesla shared fleet just by tapping a button on the Tesla phone app and have it generate income for you while you're at work or on vacation, significantly offsetting and at times potentially exceeding the monthly loan or lease cost.” In retrospect, keeping a distance from Uber and its self-driving ambitions may have been a prescient move for Musk, if for no reason other than the fact that Uber is currently fighting a lawsuit that could potentially devastate its self-driving ambitions. This week, Judge William Alsup issued a partial injunction, ruling that Anthony Levandowski, the elite engineer at the epicenter of the intellectual-property lawsuit Google filed against Uber, could no longer work on any of Uber’s laser-sensor technology projects, though the company can continue developing autonomous cars for now. Tesla, meanwhile, is pursing a completely different approach to driverless cars, combining cameras and other sensors with artificial-intelligence software. It is possible that, like Blu-ray and HD DVDs, only one technology will ever see mass adoption. Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. YOU MIGHT LIKE Oh Jesus: Is James Comey About to Get Trump Fired?Vanity Fair The Trump-Dimon Love Affair Is Getting MessyVanity Fair Wall Street Is Sick of Trump’s ActVanity Fair Inside the Trump Marriage: Melania’s BurdenVanity Fair How Right-Wing Media Are Spinning Trump’s Russia ScandalVanity Fair Fear and Loathing on Capitol Hill as Talk Turns to ImpeachmentVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Oh Jesus: Is James Comey About to Get Trump Fired?BY ABIGAIL TRACY The Trump-Dimon Love Affair Is Getting MessyBY BESS LEVIN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 18 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) A new Apple video shows an insanely cool house you can control with your voice Kif Leswing Business Insider May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The smart home has never looked as useful as it does in a new video posted by Apple on Wednesday. In the video, software engineer Todd Stabelfeldt has a party at his nice-looking Seattle house, which he controls with his voice. Stabelfeldt unlocks his front door, which is equipped with a smart lock, by asking Siri. Later in the video, he raises the blinds and dims the lights in his dining room, from his iPhone.  You can watch the video below: Stabelfeldt equipped his house with HomeKit accessories, which work with the iPhone's Home app to automate things you do around your home. He uses a feature called Switch Control to navigate around his iPhone.  Stabelfeldt is quadriplegic from an accidental gunshot in his childhood and has no movement below his shoulders. He owns and is CEO of a technology consulting company.   The video is part of a push that Apple has been recently making to highlight its software for people with disabilities. On Thursday, Apple stores will hold workshops highlighting some of the accessibility tools built into the iPhone. One workshop, for example, is called "Using iPad and iPhone with hearing loss."  Apple's accessibility features have won lots of acclaim, and some of the software it built for people with disabilities, like assistive touch, has even become popular among people who don't have those disabilities. Recently, Apple bought Workflow, an app that had a lot of fans, especially for its accessibility features.  Stabelfeldt iPhoneMore (Stabelfeldt's iPhoneApple) Stabelfeldt's video is one of seven that Apple published on Wednesday. You can watch them all here. More From Business Insider Goldman Sachs: iPhone 8 will cost $1,000 Apple invested $200 million in a company that helped make the first iPhone Apple will reportedly reveal Amazon Video for Apple TV next month Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News Apple Redesigned the Humble Pizza Box and It’s Life-Changing The Daily Meal The Future Of Robots And Artificial Intelligence Is Being Led By These 8 Companies International Business Times Here's Who Steve Jobs Wanted to Be the 'Voice of Apple' Fortune UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video Stocks get crushed, Dow falls 370 Yahoo Finance The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Bloomberg What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guides Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Wireless and mobile security Data security Identity and access management Network security Security training and jobs Infosec programs Risk management strategies Information security threats Network threat detection Platform security Security compliance Software security Web security tools All Topics SubTopic Mobile app security BYOD security Mobile app security Mobile threats Wireless network security All Subtopics Follow: Problem solve Get help with specific problems with your technologies, process and projects. What the end of hot patching mobile apps means for enterprise security by Kevin Beaver Principle Logic, LLC Apple now restricts mobile app developers from using hot patching, as the technique can change app behavior after it is reviewed. Expert Kevin Beaver goes over enterprise concerns. In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Apple fixes 39 bugs in Snow Leopard, preps for Lion ... – ComputerWeekly Stale, dead apps emerging as serious mobile security ... – SearchSecurity Russian ministers ditch iPads over security concerns – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News A Data Center Transformation Reality Check –Dell Why Small Organizations Are Modernizing Infrastructure –Dell See More Vendor Resources A Computer Weekly buyer's guide to enterprise app stores and self-service IT –ComputerWeekly.com Enterprise Mobile Threat Research –Appthority Apple recently began notifying mobile app developers who use hot patching with the assistance of frameworks such... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. as Rollout.io or JSPatch that they are violating Apple's terms of use. In an email to developers, Apple stated: "Your app, extension and/or linked framework appears to contain code designed explicitly with the capability to change your app's behavior or functionality after App Review approval, which is not in compliance with section 3.3.2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement and App Store Review Guideline 2.5.2." Guideline 2.5.2 reads: "Apps should be self-contained in their bundles, and may not read or write data outside the designated container area, nor may they download, install or execute code, including other iOS, watchOS, macOS or tvOS apps." Hot patching is a remote update process that's transparent to the end user, and it is a great approach for developers and end users in most situations, such as when mobile application vulnerabilities need urgent fixes. However, hot patching may not be viewed favorably by an application ecosystem such as the Apple App Store because of its capability to change app behavior or functionality after Apple's App Store review. This could presumably allow rogue developers or man-in-the-middle attackers to inject or change code as desired, bypassing Apple's oversight. Knowing what I know about malicious code, combined with the number of hackers and government agencies who wish to exploit the security and privacy of people's systems, I can't say that I blame Apple for doing this. With the security of its App Store constantly being scrutinized, allowing developers to use hot patching could be a vehicle for undermining what Apple is trying to accomplish in the best interests of its users. When Apple decided to allow this type of patching, it probably had not considered the bigger picture of possible abuse from those with ill intent. It impacts a relatively small number of developers, given the overall number of mobile app users, but a business decision was made to put a stop to it in order to minimize the overall risks. So how does this change impact your enterprise environment? From an end-user perspective, any iOS apps that were being hot patched may now, according to Apple, be more secure than they were before, since app updates will now have to be rereviewed by Apple (bug updates must go through an App Store review process, but developers can apply for what are called expedited reviews for critical vulnerabilities). Still, I'm not convinced that Apple can assure us that they're going to find every flaw in every mobile app that goes through this process. By eliminating hot patching, I'm guessing they're now going to have to perform even more security checks to track down mobile application vulnerabilities. Still, given all the basic computer and information vulnerabilities we still face, any exploits associated with hot patching are down toward the bottom of the list in my mind. In terms of enterprise security, the following areas need to be considered: The level of security that is -- or needs to be -- built into your mobile app development lifecycle. Do mobile apps fall under your traditional software development lifecycle controls? Who defines the standards and models the threats? The level of scrutiny that is applied to mobile apps that are used in your environment, especially those used for core business purposes. How are they at risk? Have they been tested for security flaws using tools from vendors such as Checkmarx and NowSecure? The decisions that users are allowed to make in terms of BYOD and mobile app usage. How does this form of shadow IT impact your attack surface or increase your level of business risk? The amount of mobile and mobile app monitoring and alerting that is taking place in your environment. Can you detect broken apps or malicious network traffic? What's your game plan once you uncover it? The security architecture of your overall network, including virtual LANs, guest wireless and cloud services. How could vulnerable mobile apps put critical parts of your production environment at risk if and when apps are exploited in these ways? I feel for developers and the folks at companies such as Rollout.io who are simply looking to make the mobile app experience better and more secure. At the end of the day, Apple's decision to eliminate hot patching has certainly ruffled some feathers, and it kills certain levels of efficiency and security in the mobile app development and support lifecycles. Rollout.io has proposed a certificate-based solution, which may help everyone find a happy middle ground. Regardless of how things end up, if you are in charge of application security or information security, this issue and its outcome needs to remain on your radar. Next Steps Learn how to prevent advanced persistent threat group attacks on the Windows hot patching feature Compare the hot patching features in Unix and Linux Find out how a pirated app managed to beat Apple's App Store security This was last published in May 2017 PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Managing access to keep privileged users' credentials secure E-Zine Cybersecurity careers soar with security leadership skills E-Zine Is your IAM policy a roadmap to security or leading you off a cliff? Kevin Beaver asks: Do Apple's hot patching restrictions affect your enterprise's mobile app management program? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Kevin Beaver - 17 May 2017 1:56 PM Do Apple's hot patching restrictions affect your enterprise's mobile app management program? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How DevOps tools can be used to integrate cloud automation DevOps tools can be used to deploy secure cloud automation. Expert Dave Shackleford looks at how this works and which tools are ... Cloud privacy: Baseline features and emerging techniques Achieving cloud privacy can be a lofty task for enterprises, but it's not as impossible as it seems. Expert Ed Moyle outlines how... How hackers use Google cloud services to attack enterprises Hackers, such as the Carbanak group, use Google cloud services to infiltrate organizations' systems. Expert Rob Shapland explains... SearchNetworking SNAS open source networking project captures BGP telemetry This week, bloggers look into the open source networking option SNAS, SIEM for enterprises and automating device configurations. Console's cloud interconnect lets users link multiple providers Console unveils a cloud interconnect service that offers a more secure and stable connection between multiple cloud providers. Exploring the features and functions of HPE and Aruba campus switches HPE offers its traditional line of high-end campus switches, as well as Aruba switches, such as the 3180 series, for high-speed ... SearchCIO CIOs: App development teams need to adapt to business-led IT App development teams are at an inflection point: They can act as sole producers -- and fail to meet digital demands -- or enable... Machine learning in cybersecurity moves needle, doesn't negate threats The deployment of machine learning in cybersecurity is helping CIOs reduce false positives, quicken response times and make IS ... Microsoft makes a grab for VPA future with Cortana-powered devices Microsoft's plan to roll out Cortana-powered devices anticipates the inevitability of virtual assistants in the workplace. SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Study up on Windows 10 performance issues When it comes to Windows 10 performance issues, there is a lot to cover. Use this quiz to refresh your knowledge on the top ... Windows 10 Fall Creators Update loaded with cross-platform features New features in the upcoming Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, announced this week at Microsoft Build, will help developers to ... Microsoft bets big on AI data with new developer, user features Businesses that want to use machine learning to glean more data from end-user apps can benefit from new AI capabilities in ... SearchCloudComputing Navigate blockchain services in the public cloud AWS, Azure and Google have entered the world of blockchain. See how this new technology could play a role in your business and ... Avoid new cloud security threats with continuous monitoring, testing These days, hackers hide behind every corner and wait for an open door. Employ continuous security monitoring and testing for all... Evolve your cloud cost management strategy for serverless computing Serverless computing can save enterprises money, but only for certain applications. Know your workload patterns, test processing ... ComputerWeekly SAP wants to be cloud leader in APAC by 2020 The business software supplier expects its cloud portfolio to contribute at least a third of its revenues in a region that ... Organised crime exploiting new technology European law enforcement is to focus on collaborating with industry around cyber crime as organised crime groups increasingly ... CIO interview: Ibrahim Gokcen, Maersk The first chief digital officer at Danish shipping giant Maersk tells Computer Weekly how he is taking on the digital challenge About Us Meet The Editors Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Login Florida Weekly Home Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get Email Edition For local news delivered via email enter address here: Profile Mobile Tablet !!Date!! Editions: Fort Myers Naples Charlotte County Palm Beach Bonita Springs Babcock Ranch Key West May 17, 2017May 10, 2017May 3, 2017April 26, 2017April 19, 2017April 12, 2017April 5, 2017March 29, 2017March 22, 2017March 15, 2017March 8, 2017March 1, 2017February 22, 2017February 15, 2017February 8, 2017February 1, 2017January 25, 2017January 18, 2017January 11, 2017January 4, 2017December 28, 2016December 21, 2016December 14, 2016December 7, 2016November 30, 2016November 23, 2016November 16, 2016November 9, 2016November 2, 2016October 26, 2016October 19, 2016October 12, 2016October 5, 2016September 28, 2016September 21, 2016September 14, 2016September 7, 2016August 31, 2016August 24, 2016August 17, 2016August 10, 2016August 3, 2016July 27, 2016July 20, 2016July 13, 2016July 6, 2016June 29, 2016June 22, 2016June 15, 2016June 8, 2016June 1, 2016May 25, 2016May 18, 2016May 11, 2016May 4, 2016April 27, 2016April 20, 2016April 13, 2016April 6, 2016March 30, 2016March 23, 2016March 16, 2016March 9, 2016March 2, 2016February 24, 2016February 17, 2016February 10, 2016February 3, 2016January 27, 2016January 20, 2016January 13, 2016January 6, 2016December 30, 2015December 23, 2015December 16, 2015December 9, 2015December 2, 2015November 25, 2015November 18, 2015November 11, 2015November 4, 2015October 28, 2015October 21, 2015October 14, 2015October 7, 2015September 30, 2015September 23, 2015September 16, 2015September 9, 2015September 2, 2015August 26, 2015August 19, 2015August 12, 2015August 5, 2015July 29, 2015July 22, 2015July 15, 2015July 8, 2015July 1, 2015June 24, 2015June 17, 2015June 10, 2015June 3, 2015May 27, 2015May 20, 2015May 13, 2015May 6, 2015April 29, 2015April 22, 2015April 15, 2015April 8, 2015April 1, 2015March 25, 2015March 18, 2015March 11, 2015March 4, 2015February 25, 2015February 18, 2015February 11, 2015February 4, 2015January 28, 2015January 21, 2015January 14, 2015January 7, 2015December 31, 2014December 24, 2014December 17, 2014December 10, 2014December 3, 2014November 26, 2014November 19, 2014November 12, 2014November 5, 2014October 29, 2014October 22, 2014October 15, 2014October 8, 2014October 1, 2014September 24, 2014September 17, 2014September 10, 2014September 3, 2014August 27, 2014August 20, 2014August 13, 2014August 6, 2014July 30, 2014July 23, 2014July 16, 2014July 9, 2014July 2, 2014June 25, 2014June 18, 2014June 11, 2014June 4, 2014May 28, 2014May 21, 2014May 14, 2014May 7, 2014April 30, 2014April 23, 2014April 16, 2014April 9, 2014April 2, 2014March 26, 2014March 19, 2014March 12, 2014March 5, 2014February 26, 2014February 19, 2014February 12, 2014February 5, 2014January 29, 2014January 22, 2014January 15, 2014January 8, 2014January 1, 2014December 25, 2013December 18, 2013December 11, 2013December 4, 2013November 27, 2013November 20, 2013November 13, 2013November 6, 2013October 30, 2013October 23, 2013October 16, 2013October 9, 2013October 2, 2013September 25, 2013September 18, 2013September 11, 2013September 4, 2013August 28, 2013August 21, 2013August 14, 2013August 7, 2013July 31, 2013July 24, 2013July 17, 2013July 10, 2013July 3, 2013June 26, 2013June 19, 2013June 12, 2013June 5, 2013May 29, 2013May 22, 2013May 15, 2013May 8, 2013May 1, 2013April 24, 2013April 17, 2013April 10, 2013April 3, 2013March 27, 2013March 20, 2013March 13, 2013March 6, 2013February 27, 2013February 20, 2013February 13, 2013February 6, 2013January 30, 2013January 23, 2013January 16, 2013January 9, 2013January 2, 2013December 26, 2012December 19, 2012December 12, 2012December 5, 2012November 28, 2012November 21, 2012November 14, 2012November 7, 2012October 31, 2012October 24, 2012October 17, 2012October 10, 2012October 3, 2012September 26, 2012September 19, 2012September 12, 2012September 5, 2012August 29, 2012August 22, 2012August 15, 2012August 8, 2012August 1, 2012July 25, 2012July 18, 2012July 11, 2012July 4, 2012June 27, 2012June 20, 2012June 13, 2012June 6, 2012May 30, 2012May 23, 2012May 16, 2012May 9, 2012May 2, 2012April 25, 2012April 18, 2012April 11, 2012April 4, 2012March 28, 2012March 21, 2012March 14, 2012March 7, 2012February 29, 2012February 22, 2012February 15, 2012February 8, 2012February 1, 2012January 25, 2012January 18, 2012January 11, 2012January 4, 2012December 28, 2011December 21, 2011December 14, 2011December 7, 2011November 30, 2011November 23, 2011November 16, 2011November 9, 2011November 2, 2011October 26, 2011October 19, 2011October 12, 2011October 5, 2011September 28, 2011September 21, 2011September 14, 2011September 7, 2011August 31, 2011August 24, 2011August 17, 2011August 10, 2011August 3, 2011July 27, 2011July 20, 2011July 13, 2011July 6, 2011June 29, 2011June 22, 2011June 15, 2011June 8, 2011June 1, 2011May 25, 2011May 18, 2011May 11, 2011May 4, 2011April 27, 2011April 20, 2011April 13, 2011April 6, 2011March 30, 2011March 23, 2011March 16, 2011March 9, 2011March 2, 2011February 23, 2011February 16, 2011February 9, 2011February 2, 2011January 26, 2011January 19, 2011January 12, 2011January 5, 2011December 29, 2010December 22, 2010December 15, 2010December 8, 2010December 1, 2010November 24, 2010November 17, 2010November 10, 2010November 3, 2010October 27, 2010October 20, 2010October 13, 2010October 6, 2010September 29, 2010September 22, 2010September 15, 2010September 8, 2010September 1, 2010August 25, 2010August 18, 2010August 11, 2010August 4, 2010July 28, 2010July 21, 2010July 14, 2010July 7, 2010June 30, 2010June 23, 2010June 16, 2010June 9, 2010June 2, 2010May 26, 2010May 19, 2010May 12, 2010May 5, 2010April 28, 2010April 21, 2010April 14, 2010April 7, 2010March 31, 2010March 24, 2010March 17, 2010March 10, 2010March 3, 2010February 24, 2010February 17, 2010February 10, 2010February 3, 2010January 27, 2010January 20, 2010January 13, 2010January 6, 2010December 30, 2009December 23, 2009December 16, 2009December 9, 2009December 2, 2009November 25, 2009November 18, 2009November 11, 2009November 4, 2009October 28, 2009October 21, 2009October 14, 2009October 7, 2009September 30, 2009September 23, 2009September 16, 2009September 9, 2009September 2, 2009August 26, 2009August 19, 2009August 12, 2009August 5, 2009July 29, 2009July 22, 2009July 15, 2009July 8, 2009July 1, 2009June 24, 2009June 17, 2009June 10, 2009June 3, 2009May 27, 2009May 20, 2009May 13, 2009May 6, 2009April 29, 2009April 22, 2009April 15, 2009April 8, 2009April 1, 2009March 25, 2009March 18, 2009March 11, 2009March 4, 2009February 25, 2009February 18, 2009February 11, 2009February 4, 2009January 28, 2009January 21, 2009January 14, 2009January 7, 2009December 31, 2008December 24, 2008December 17, 2008December 10, 2008December 3, 2008November 26, 2008November 19, 2008November 12, 2008November 5, 2008October 29, 2008October 22, 2008October 15, 2008October 8, 2008October 1, 2008September 24, 2008September 17, 2008September 10, 2008September 3, 2008August 27, 2008August 20, 2008August 13, 2008August 6, 2008July 30, 2008July 23, 2008July 16, 2008July 9, 2008July 2, 2008June 25, 2008June 18, 2008June 11, 2008June 4, 2008May 28, 2008May 21, 2008May 14, 2008May 7, 2008April 30, 2008April 23, 2008April 16, 2008April 9, 2008April 2, 2008March 27, 2008March 20, 2008March 13, 2008March 6, 2008February 28, 2008February 21, 2008February 14, 2008February 7, 2008January 31, 2008January 24, 2008January 17, 2008January 10, 2008January 3, 2008December 27, 2007December 20, 2007December 13, 2007December 6, 2007November 29, 2007November 22, 2007November 15, 2007November 8, 2007November 1, 2007October 25, 2007October 18, 2007October 11, 2007October 4, 2007September 27, 2007September 20, 2007September 13, 2007September 6, 2007August 30, 2007August 23, 2007August 16, 2007August 9, 2007August 2, 2007July 26, 2007July 19, 2007July 12, 2007July 5, 2007June 28, 2007June 21, 2007June 14, 2007June 7, 2007May 31, 2007May 24, 2007May 17, 2007May 10, 2007May 3, 2007April 26, 2007April 19, 2007April 12, 2007April 5, 2007 Browse Archives Home News Top News Opinion Healthy Living News of The Weird Outdoors Pet Tales Business Business News The Motley Fool Networking A&E Arts & Entertainment News What to Do, Where to Go Society Cuisine Restaurant Review Archive Real Estate Real Estate News Best of Special Sections 100 Years of Caring Arts Season Guide BIA Parade of Homes Best of 2017 Celebrating 10 Years Destination Guide Flavor Golisano Children's Hospital Holiday Gift Guide Market Pulse Newcomers On The Water Physicians Directory Rotary Arts & Craft Fair Royal Shell Home Vue Spring Training Tasting Notes Pickup Locations Advertise Contact Us Marketplace: Real Estate Auto & Marine Shopping Dining & Entertainment Services Health & Beauty Education Business Directory 2017-05-17 / Business News Tweet Print Out of time? Fitbit, Fossil can’t keep up with Apple Watch MONEY & INVESTING ericBRETAN estaterick@gmail.com What runs but cannot walk? What sometimes sings but never talks? What has hands but has no arms? What has a face but no head? The answer, of course, is a clock. These keepers of time have been used since the first sundials thousands of years ago. In the last 200 years, the clock industry was transformed when people started wearing clocks on their bodies first in the form of pocket watches and most recently wristwatches. Smart technology is threatening to disrupt the watch industry once again. What impact is this technology having on the industry in general and three of its most successful players — Apple, Fossil, and FitBit? The Nielson Company recently reported that an average American will spend almost 11 hours a day staring at some type of digital screen. And typically, that screen will have a clock on the corner of it. It should be no surprise that people’s need for a wristwatch is in a steep decline. To combat this, FitBit merged a traditional timepiece with a fitness tracker. This device can monitor your heart rate or even sleep patterns. People understand the need to be more active and the device is able to accurately quantify their movements. The company went public in 2015 and exploded to a $10 billion market capitalization. In 2016, the company was the dominant player in the wearable technology market with an almost 25 percent market share. Fossil, a traditional watchmaker, took a different route to capture market. It understood that watches are not just timepieces. They are a fashion statement, akin to a piece of jewelry. So it licensed major fashion and lifestyle brands like Armani, Michael Kors, Callaway Golf and Adidas, and sold watches under those names. The company also sold watches branded with NFL teams, movie franchises like Star Wars, and famous celebrities like Elvis Presley. The strategy proved highly successful and Fossil’s stock price climbed to over $100 a share in 2013. Today, FitBit’s stock price has fallen from around $50 a share to around $6 and Fossil’s stock price plummeted from $100 to $14. While each company’s fall cannot be blamed on just one cause, there is one company that each can point to as their nemesis — Apple. In 2015, Apple introduced the Apple Watch 1. And in 2016, the company introduced the Apple Watch 2, which had an improved processor and was waterproof. Apple does not release unit sales figures for the Apple Watch. Its sales are reported under “other products” along with Apple TV and Beats Headphones. But industry analysts believe Apple is now selling 3.5 million smart watches per quarter worldwide. In terms of total revenue, this put them behind only luxury watchmaker Rolex — which ships less than 200,000 units per quarter but at a much higher price point. These Apple Watch sales are clearly taking market share away from both FitBit and Fossil. FitBit’s sales dropped 35 percent in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016. Fossil had to dramatically increase its promotions to retailers — and that still resulted in its margins declining by over 300 basis points. Apple is not standing on its laurels, either. This spring it rolled out new bands in various colors and styles in an attempt to capture consumers who care about style as well as technology. That puts Fossil watches directly in its crosshairs. And the Apple Watch 3 will be introduced within the next year, adding new features. Fossil and FitBit also are rolling out new models and styles, but so far their efforts have not been successful. I think it would be premature to invest in either of these companies until they can prove that they can compete with Apple. Given their falling share prices, market share, revenue and profits, these two companies are quickly running out of time. ¦ — Eric Bretan, the co- owner of Rick’s Estate & Jewelry Buyers in Punta Gorda, was a senior derivatives marketer and investment banker for more than 15 years at several global banks. Return to top If you have any problems, questions, or comments regarding www.FloridaWeekly.com, please contact our Webmaster. For all other comments, please see our contact section to send feedback to Florida Weekly. Users of this site agree to our Terms and Conditions. Copyright © 2007—2017 Florida Media Group LLC. Twitter | Facebook | RSS Newspaper web site content management software and services
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 2017 MacBook Pro Release Date, Features, Specs & Rumors Josh Smith05/17/2017 The 2017 MacBook Pro release date may be just around the corner. Yes, the current MacBook Pro is only a couple of months old, but there are plenty of buyers eagerly waiting for the 2017 MacBook Pro update before buying. Signs point to a 2017 MacBook Pro release date as soon as June at WWDC 2017 when Apple gathers developers together to talk about iOS 11 and the new version of MacOS. The current MacBook Pro arrived in October, but there is still more coming from Apple. Tim Cook recently told investors, “You will see us do more in the pro area,” adding that it is “very important to us.” This comes after criticism of the 2016 MacBook Pro. We know that Apple is working on a new Mac Pro, but we expect the 0217 MacBook Pro will beat the new Mac Pro to the market. We’ll set the stage for what you can expect from the 2017 Macbook Pro and what you shouldn’t expect as Apple marches forward with changes to the Pro line of computers. After a major shift last fall pushed the 13-inch Macbook Pro without Touch Bar into the MacBook Air slot, it looks like Apple is committed to keeping a slimmer computer lineup. We expect a 2017 MacBook Pro without Touch Bar as well as two 2017 Macbook Pro Touch Bar models. Look for a 2017 MacBook 12-inch sometime this year. New details suggest we may even see a 2017 MacBook Air release soon. 2017 MacBook Pro Release Date We could see a 2017 MacBook Pro release date in the second half of the year. Originally rumored for later this year, new reports point to a quick 2017 MacBook Pro release date. Bloomberg reports that Apple will announce a 2017 MacBook Pro update at WWDC. Expect this to happen on June 5th on stage as Apple discusses new software and devices. This will be one of three new MacBooks that Apple announces on this date. Apple has not announced new hardware at WWDC since 2013, but this rumor meshes well with previous reports. Ming-Chi Kou, is one of the best sources for Apple information. In a research note shared on MacRumors, we learn that Apple may start production of the 2017 Macbook Pro in Q3. That means the new models may see production as soon as July. Kou isn’t right 100% of the time, but he is one of the best sources. It would make sense for Apple to announce the 2017 MacBook Pro at WWDC on June 5th and start selling it as soon as July. Given the lack of any visual changes, this could happen even sooner than Kou’s original report.   2017 MacBook Pro Specs We expect a processor upgrade for the 2017 Macbook Pro models. Other than that, there is a good chance that we will see similar specs, though there is a chance for more RAM. Ming-Chi Kou says that we will see Kaby Lake processors as the headline for the 2017 MacBook Pro specs. Bloomberg backs this up in a report in May. We’ve also seen code in a macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta hint at support for Kaby Lake. Apple launched the current models with an older Skylake processor. While it is possible that Apple is building their own processors for the MacBook Pro, it’s unlikely it will be ready for this refresh. Intel Kaby Lake Processors Kaby Lake Integrated GPU on 13-inch and Radeon Pro GPU on 15-inch 8GB and 16GB RAM Options – Potential for 32GB RAM Option Four USB Type C Ports, Potentially USB 3.1 Gen 2 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, 1TB SSD Options We could see Apple add in support for 32GB of RAM in the 2017 MacBook Pro. This is one of the biggest complaints from professional users about the model on sale today. Apple did not offer 32GB of RAM due to power consumption, which would have hurt the battery life of the MacBook Pro. 2017 MacBook Pro Design Expect a similar MacBook Pro design. The 2016 MacBook Pro design is what you can expect for the 2017 MacBook Pro. Apple keeps MacBook designs around for a long time, much longer than iPhones, and it would not make sense to switch the design dramatically in such a short period. Perhaps the biggest potential change to the 2017 MacBook Pro design would be the colors offered. You can only buy two Macbook Pro colors, but there are four color options for the MacBook. It would make sense for Apple to add in a Gold MacBook Pro and a Rose Gold MacBook Pro during the 2017 refresh. 2017 MacBook Pro Battery Life We could see the 2017 MacBookPro battery life improve thanks to Intel Kaby Lake processors. The 2016 models arrived with complaints about poor battery life, irregular battery life and other battery problems. While Apple sorted out many of these issues, there are still some owners who see bad MacBook Pro battery life at random. The new Kaby Lake processors are more power efficient. PCGamer reports, “Intel claims laptops with Kaby Lake processors will be able to provide up to 9.5 hours of 4K video playback.” That could shake out to better overall Macbook Pro battery life. 2017 MacBook Pro Price Look for a very familiar 2017 MacBook Pro price. The 2017 MacBook Pro price will likely be the same. We have not heard rumors yet that indicate major changes to features that would coordinate with a higher price and it is unlikely that there will be a price cut this soon. Apple just started selling the 2016 Macbook Pro for $300+ off in the refurbished store, which will remain as an option for cost-conscious buyers. New MacBook Pro: 6 Reasons to Buy, 4 Reasons Not To Buy for a Smaller Design & Touch Bar   1 / 10 One of the biggest reasons to buy the 2016 MacBook Pro is the new design. The new MacBook Pro is thinner, lighter and smaller than the one it replaces.  Apple shaves half a pound of each of the models, shrinks the overall; size by 20 to 23% and makes them thinner without cutting battery life, performance or the screen size.  The new models include a Touch Bar above the display on the $1,799 and up models. This allows you to touch the small display to control applications and system functions.  When you use Apple applications and soon other applications, the Touch Bar will change so you can use it to quickly access what you want. We know you can use it for Emoji, for app functions, for quick replies and much more.  In addition to the Touch Bar, you also get a new Force Touch trackpad that is twice as big as the trackpad on the 2015 MacBook Pro.    1 / 10 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 10.3.3 Beta Problems & Fixes Adam Mills05/17/2017 You can try the iOS 10.3.3 update ahead of time thanks to Apple’s iOS 10.3.3 beta. If you decide to try the beta on your iPhone or iPad you might encounter a problem on your device. The iOS 10.3.3 beta might be tempting but early iOS software can be buggy and unstable and there’s a good chance you’ll run into bugs and problems if you decide to download it on your device. Taking your beta-powered device into your local Apple Store will probably result in the Apple Genius telling you to get off early software because it’s buggy. If you want to stay on iOS 10.3.3 beta, you’ll probably need to fix the problem(s) yourself. Today we want to take a look at the most common iOS 10.3.3 beta problems and offer help to those of you struggling on the software. This is also a good resource for prospective iOS 10.3.3 beta testers out there. If you decide to try the software, you’ll want to have a list of fixes handy. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta Installation Problems If you’re new to the iOS beta process, and you’re confused about the installation process, take a look at our iOS 10 beta installation guide. Our guide will take you step-by-step through the installation process for the developer beta and the public iOS 10.3.3 beta. We also recommend taking a look at our list of things to do before installing the iOS 10.3.3 beta on your iPhone or iPad. If you are signed up for Apple’s public iOS 10.3.3 beta and your device isn’t seeing the beta, you might need to re-install the profile. To get the process moving in the right direction, head over to Apple’s beta site and tap on Download Profile. Once you get that downloaded, choose Install. Restart your iPhone or iPad and then go to Settings -> General -> Software Update and you should see the public beta on your device. If your iOS 10.3.3 beta download is getting stuck hold down the home button and the power button (if you own an iPhone 7, hold down the volume down and power button) at the same time. Your device will power down and restart and then you should be able to get the installation process rolling again. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta App Download Problems We’ve been using the iOS 10.3.3 beta for a few days now and we’ve experienced issues with app downloads from the iOS App Store. The issue isn’t limited to downloading new apps. We’ve also had problems downloading key updates for our various apps and services. We were able to fix this problem with a simple restart. Hold down the power button, hold it down again to turn the device back on, and return to the App Store. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta Wi-Fi Problems While using the iOS 10.3.3 beta we’ve noticed issues with Wi-Fi to LTE handoff on the iPhone. This is a common issue and one we’ve seen occur on many iOS beta updates. If your device is having issues switching from Wi-Fi to cellular data, try toggling Airplane Mode on and off to see if that fixes the issue going forward. If this doesn’t work, head to Settings and turn Cellular Data to Off. Flip Cellular Data back on and see if that fixes the issue. If you’re experiencing another issue with Wi-Fi (it’s grayed out, etc), take a look at our list of fixes for iOS 10 Wi-Fi issues. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta FaceTime Audio Problems We’ve seen an uptick in FaceTime Audio problems during our stint on the iOS 10.3.3 beta. If you are using iOS 10.3.3 beta and you’re unable to make a successful FaceTime Audio call to a friend or family member, have that person call you. In our experience, if the person on official software calls the person using beta software, FaceTime Audio calls not only work, they’re more reliable. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta Bluetooth Problems Bluetooth issues are a common complaint from iOS 10.3.3 beta users and we want to outline a few remedies that should work. First, try forgetting the Bluetooth device. To do that, head to Settings > Bluetooth > Select your connection using the circular blue i tab > Tap Forget this Device. After this is complete, try reconnecting your phone or tablet to your Bluetooth device. If that doesn’t work, try resettings your Network Settings. Go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. If that doesn’t work, you should try resetting all of your device’s settings. Go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings. Once this is complete, your settings will be restored to factory defaults. Make sure you have your various Wi-Fi passwords handy because your device will forget them. How to Fix iOS 10.3.3 Beta AirPod Problems If your AirPods won’t connect or if only one AirPod connects to your device, we’ve found a potential fix for you. Take both AirPods out, put both of them in the case, close the case, wait 5-10 seconds, and then take them out slowly with the case next to phone. This has fixed our connection issues. How to Downgrade to iOS 10.3.2 or iOS 10.3.1 If you can’t fix your iOS 10.3.3 beta problem, you can always downgrade to the official version of iOS 10. As of right now, you can downgrade to iOS 10.3.2 or iOS 10.3.1. You can’t downgrade to anything older than iOS 10.3.1. If you’re unfamiliar with the downgrade process, take a look at our iOS 10 downgrade guide. It will take you step-by-step through the process used to move from one update to another. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 13 One Response 02/16/2017 christybur Reply My phone is basically useless when ever one of my apps updates I can’t use it every app except two has been auto updated and I can’t fix it regretting upgrading. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 30 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements Wednesday May 17, 2017 10:57 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced a year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 30 includes fixes and improvements for Web API, JavaScript, CSS, Accessibility, Web Inspector, WebDriver, media, and rendering. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's aim with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 23 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) eatrains 12 hours ago at 12:01 pm Seriously. I feel like we've had three of these periodical improvements in the month, and this app is forever stuck in beta. The only appealing thing to me about all this is that purple Safari icon. :confused: It's not stuck in beta, it is a beta. That's the point. Rating: 5 Votes isomorphic 13 hours ago at 11:35 am Still only gets a 419 score for HTML5 vs. the 518 that the current Chrome release scores. Actually it went down to 416. The difference in score with Chrome is due to all those extra data storage features Chrome needs to track you so that Google can watch your every move. Rating: 4 Votes ignatius345 12 hours ago at 12:33 pm Actually it went down to 416. The difference in score with Chrome is due to all those extra data storage features Chrome needs to track you so that Google can watch your every move. I uninstalled Chrome last time my MacBook Air was slowed to a crawl and Activity Monitor showed me some runaway Chrome process was murdering my CPU even though Chrome wasn't running. Maybe it was doing one if its shady self-updates or something -- whatever the case, I uninstalled it immediately. Rating: 2 Votes Wayfarer 12 hours ago at 11:43 am Seriously. I feel like we've had three of these periodical improvements in the month, and this app is forever stuck in beta. The only appealing thing to me about all this is that purple Safari icon. :confused: Rating: 2 Votes DanielDD 13 hours ago at 11:24 am Any HTML5 improvements? ;) I know you're being sarcastic, but there you go my friend Rating: 1 Votes rtomyj 13 hours ago at 11:18 am Apple employees watching Google IO. Developer: so they haven't been doing much. Manager: what do you mean? Dev: Google. 360 TV, YouTube stuff and photo albums we've had a while back. Manager: that's it? Dev: Well they also improved their AI quite a bit... Manager: One product in a year? Haha let's realease a safari beta. Dev: If google can do a coming soon for all their tech today, we can too. Manager: But we'll actually release it. Rating: 1 Votes Ritsuka 13 hours ago at 11:13 am When will the features finally make their way into Safari? They are periodically released in the normal Safari updates. For example Safari 10.1 includes a lot of the features that were in the technology preview. Rating: 1 Votes Zirel 12 hours ago at 11:43 am Apple employees watching Google IO. Developer: so they haven't been doing much. Manager: what do you mean? Dev: Google. 360 TV, YouTube stuff and photo albums we've had a while back. Manager: that's it? Dev: Well they also improved their AI quite a bit... Manager: One product in a year? Haha let's realease a safari beta. Dev: If google can do a coming soon for all their tech today, we can too. Manager: But we'll actually release it. You are being mean, Android now has App badges too, like this: It's a great victory for android! Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Accessibility With Three Accessibility Activists 4 hours ago on Front Page In honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, which takes place tomorrow, Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down with three YouTubers to discuss the Accessibility features built into Apple's iOS and Mac... 19 comments iPhone Scores 92% Loyalty Rate in Recent Survey Ahead of iPhone 8 11 hours ago on Front Page 92 percent of iPhone owners that are "somewhat likely" or "extremely likely" to upgrade their smartphone in the next 12 months plan to purchase another iPhone, according to investment... 104 comments Google I/O 2017: Assistant on iOS, Bluetooth Streaming on Google Home, and Easy Sharing With Photos 12 hours ago on Front Page Google today kicked off its annual I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, beginning with a keynote where the company announced Google Assistant for iPhone, new Google Home features... 100 comments Jimmy Iovine Says Apple Music Would Have '400 Million' Listeners If It Had a Free Version Like Spotify 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Music executive and recording industry mogul Jimmy Iovine recently sat down for a wide-ranging interview with Music Business Worldwide, reflecting upon his desire for more people to start... 163 comments Former Starbucks Worker Says Attending Apple's Developer Academy Was 'Opportunity of My Life' 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple's first iOS Developer Academy opened in Naples, Italy last October, providing 200 students with practical skills and experience to help turn their app ideas into reality and bring them to... 47 comments Apple Pay Officially Launches in Italy 1 day ago on Front Page Apple Pay is now available in Italy, and iPhone users in the country are able to add eligible credit and debit cards to the Wallet app for use with Apple's payments service in stores and online. ... 118 comments Apple Highlights Accessibility Features in New 'Designed for' Video Series 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today updated its YouTube channel with a series of Accessibility videos, highlighting the different ways the Accessibility features built into the iPhone and iPad are used to help people... 10 comments Bragi Launches 'The Dash Pro' With Bigger Battery, Better Bluetooth, and Real-Time Translation 1 day ago on Front Page At an event in New York City today, hearable company Bragi announced a trio of updates coming to its line of wireless Bluetooth headphones, including The Dash Pro, The Dash Pro tailored by Starkey,... 109 comments • Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Classes Around the World (60) • Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC (522) • Apple Seeds First Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers (34) • Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers (55) • Apple Rumored to Discontinue iPad Mini (328) • Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus (88) • Third-Party Apps Will Need App-Specific Passwords for iCloud Access From June 15 (107)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Power Ranger-Themed TRPG 'Chroma Squad' Has Just Hit the App Store 'Old Man's Journey' Saunters on to the App Store Out Now: 'Beholder', 'No Stick Shooter', 'Terminator Genisys', 'Guns of Boom' and Loads More Paradox Interactive's New Studio To Focus on Deep, Challenging Mobile Experiences 'Beholder', the Totalitarian Landlord Simulator, Is Out Now Google I/O 2017 Recap: New Standalone Daydream VR Headset, Google Assistant on iOS, and Android O Details YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds First Public Beta of macOS 10.12.6 to Public Beta Testers Wednesday May 17, 2017 10:18 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to public beta testers, one day after releasing the beta to developers and two days after releasing macOS Sierra 10.12.5, a minor update with bug fixes and other improvements. Beta testers who have signed up for the Apple beta testing program will receive the macOS Sierra 10.12.6 beta through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. No notable features were discovered in macOS Sierra 10.12.6 developer beta, suggesting this update is minor in scale and focuses on internal improvements like bug fixes and security enhancements rather than outward-facing changes. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra 10 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) jmh600cbr 14 hours ago at 10:20 am Bring on 10.13 Rating: 2 Votes macintoshmac 9 hours ago at 03:30 pm 3-5 update's of apple software a month....EVERY month...for over 3 years now...And always with the same reason! " like bug fixes and security enhancements " !! So no new stuff....bugs, security.....How many bugs ARE there in apple software? How risky IS apple software? Even in it's worse time windows software didnt have that many bugs. So are we paying the highest price for apple products not knowing we are paying for IOS WINCRAP? Apple is the biggest scam and joke in the world. Not only are the products inferior quality, but there is no quality control, no innovation, nothing going on for a long time now, and especially since Jobs died. They charge exorbitantly for crap Chinese products and yes, we hate it, we hate it, we hate it! And let's not even begin to talk about the "3-5" updates every month! I mean, yes, how much buggy is the software! There, it's said. Now relax, and let's just look forward to some exciting new things this WWDC. I, for one, am looking at bootable APFS. :) Rating: 1 Votes -BigMac- 9 hours ago at 03:28 pm I would love actual detail in the update notes Rating: 1 Votes tmoerel 51 minutes ago at 11:21 pm 3-5 update's of apple software a month....EVERY month...for over 3 years now...And always with the same reason! " like bug fixes and security enhancements " !! So no new stuff....bugs, security.....How many bugs ARE there in apple software? How risky IS apple software? Even in it's worse time windows software didnt have that many bugs. So are we paying the highest price for apple products not knowing we are paying for IOS WINCRAP? Do you have any idea of the complexity of developing an OS? There is millions of lines of code written by many people. There is always possible bugs in there. Rating: 1 Votes MacBird 14 hours ago at 10:37 am Build 16G8c Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Accessibility With Three Accessibility Activists 4 hours ago on Front Page In honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, which takes place tomorrow, Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down with three YouTubers to discuss the Accessibility features built into Apple's iOS and Mac... 19 comments iPhone Scores 92% Loyalty Rate in Recent Survey Ahead of iPhone 8 11 hours ago on Front Page 92 percent of iPhone owners that are "somewhat likely" or "extremely likely" to upgrade their smartphone in the next 12 months plan to purchase another iPhone, according to investment... 104 comments Google I/O 2017: Assistant on iOS, Bluetooth Streaming on Google Home, and Easy Sharing With Photos 12 hours ago on Front Page Google today kicked off its annual I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, beginning with a keynote where the company announced Google Assistant for iPhone, new Google Home features... 100 comments Jimmy Iovine Says Apple Music Would Have '400 Million' Listeners If It Had a Free Version Like Spotify 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Music executive and recording industry mogul Jimmy Iovine recently sat down for a wide-ranging interview with Music Business Worldwide, reflecting upon his desire for more people to start... 163 comments Former Starbucks Worker Says Attending Apple's Developer Academy Was 'Opportunity of My Life' 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple's first iOS Developer Academy opened in Naples, Italy last October, providing 200 students with practical skills and experience to help turn their app ideas into reality and bring them to... 47 comments Apple Pay Officially Launches in Italy 1 day ago on Front Page Apple Pay is now available in Italy, and iPhone users in the country are able to add eligible credit and debit cards to the Wallet app for use with Apple's payments service in stores and online. ... 118 comments Apple Highlights Accessibility Features in New 'Designed for' Video Series 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today updated its YouTube channel with a series of Accessibility videos, highlighting the different ways the Accessibility features built into the iPhone and iPad are used to help people... 10 comments Bragi Launches 'The Dash Pro' With Bigger Battery, Better Bluetooth, and Real-Time Translation 1 day ago on Front Page At an event in New York City today, hearable company Bragi announced a trio of updates coming to its line of wireless Bluetooth headphones, including The Dash Pro, The Dash Pro tailored by Starkey,... 109 comments • Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Classes Around the World (60) • Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC (522) • Apple Seeds First Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers (34) • Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers (55) • Apple Rumored to Discontinue iPad Mini (328) • Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus (88) • Third-Party Apps Will Need App-Specific Passwords for iCloud Access From June 15 (107)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Power Ranger-Themed TRPG 'Chroma Squad' Has Just Hit the App Store 'Old Man's Journey' Saunters on to the App Store Out Now: 'Beholder', 'No Stick Shooter', 'Terminator Genisys', 'Guns of Boom' and Loads More Paradox Interactive's New Studio To Focus on Deep, Challenging Mobile Experiences 'Beholder', the Totalitarian Landlord Simulator, Is Out Now Google I/O 2017 Recap: New Standalone Daydream VR Headset, Google Assistant on iOS, and Android O Details YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple is leading customers on photo-taking walks USA TODAY Edward C. Baig 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Counties where the American dream is dead America's fastest growing cities © Apple Hip-hop producer RZA leads an “Art of Beatmaking” session at an Apple Store in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Apple will officially begin the “Today at Apple” educational experiences on Saturday that the company announced last month would be coming to all 495 Apple Stores. Apple has long offered classes of sorts in its stores, but these were mostly product-focused tutorials. As part of Today at Apple you’ll still see such choices-— “How to Edit Photos on iPhone” for example. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 150.25 -5.22 -3.36% But Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president for retail, is placing more of an emphasis on the liberal arts, with a focus on creativity and inspiration. Her vision is to turn the stores into a town square of sorts. Of course, the experiences will still typically involve Apple’s products. While Apple's goal is to presumably lure you into its retail destinations, the Today at Apple offerings also takes you outside the stores. At the Apple Store in Arlington, Va., for example, you can go on a “Sketch Walk,” in which you’re urged to bring an iPad Pro and (the Pencil accessory) to sketch the people, places and objects that you come across. In the Williamsburg, Brooklyn, store, New York street artist Buff Monster will show you how to use the iPad Pro to make his “Melty Misfits.” Every Apple Store will offer “Photo Walks” this Saturday, led by local photographers who will give advice on taking pictures using filters, frames and other methods. All the stores will also host a “Kids Hour,” on topics such as making movies. Apple says there will be 4,000 of these sessions daily, with all the Apple Stores around the world participating. The various experiences, which are free, will last between 30 and 90 minutes. Apple recommends you register to secure your place, which you can do at a new section on the Apple.com website. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Special counsel vs. special prosecutor: What's the difference? USA TODAY Analysis: For Trump, short-term relief, long-term risk USA TODAY Move over, Siri: Google Assistant is coming to iPhone USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Dan Price 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Windows 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Bluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues Mac Bluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues Tim Brookes May 17, 2017 17-05-2017 5 minutes Bluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The Bluetooth standard has evolved steadily over time, and remains one of the most useful wireless developments of the past 15 years. Wireless keyboards, headphones, our smartphones, and technologies like AirPlay and AirDrop all rely on the ever-changing Bluetooth standard. But things can and do go wrong: devices won’t pair, speakers don’t work, and files won’t transfer. Here’s what to try when you’re having a Bluetooth problems. Note: If your Mac has become unresponsive in terms of Bluetooth connectivity, skip ahead. First: Check Your Device Your device needs to be on, and it needs to have battery. This might sound obvious, but it’s worth checking before you go to great lengths fixing a problem that doesn’t really exist. If you haven’t paired this device before, make sure you’re doing it correctly (and that it’s visible to your Mac). If you’re trying to get a Bluetooth speaker or other audio device working, have already paired it, and are wondering why you can’t hear anything then you’ll need to make sure it’s selected as your primary output under System Preferences > Sound > Output. You can also click on the Volume button in the menu bar and pick your audio device there. The same goes for Bluetooth headsets with microphones: head to the Input tab and choose your Bluetooth device there. Your Mac should remember your choice for the next time you connect a wireless audio device. Disable and Re-Enable Bluetooth For a quicker version of restarting your whole Mac, head to System Preferences > Bluetooth and click Turn Off. You can also toggle Bluetooth by clicking on the menu bar icon — click Turn On to try again. I’ve found this is useful for solving file transfer issues between Mac and iOS over AirDrop AirDrop Not Working? Troubleshoot Your File Transfer Woes AirDrop Not Working? Troubleshoot Your File Transfer Woes Having troubles with AirDrop? We can step you through all of your available options. Read More . You can also try killing the Bluetooth process entirely, though this isn’t as effective as killing other core Mac processes for fixing issues Sound Advice: Fixing Common Mac Audio Problems in OS X Sound Advice: Fixing Common Mac Audio Problems in OS X No sound? Glitches and noise? Audio coming out of the wrong speakers? Resolving your OS X audio problems can be a time consuming process. Read More . Open Terminal and enter sudo pkill blued followed by your admin password. This should kill and restart the background process, allowing you to try again. Pair Your Device Again If you’ve already paired the device in the past, another option is to tell your Mac to forget it and start again. You can reveal all currently paired Bluetooth devices under System Preferences > Bluetooth. Find whatever is causing you problems, select it, then click on the “X” followed by Remove to get rid of it. You’ll now need to pair the device again, which most of the time involves holding a button till a light flashes. Reboot, Remove, Reset Rebooting your Mac under Apple > Restart will fix almost every Bluetooth problem, particularly those where the Bluetooth module has crashed and you’re experiencing an unresponsive macOS. Similarly, removing any USB devices can help (according to Apple) so you might want to give that a try too. I had to reboot my Mac twice today, wasn't this a Windows thing? — Enrico Signoretti (@esignoretti) April 21, 2017 You can also try resetting your Mac’s PRAM How To Reset Your Mac's SMC & PRAM – And Why How To Reset Your Mac's SMC & PRAM – And Why Sometimes your Mac will act strange for no apparent reason, and if a restart doesn't work, sometimes you'll need to reset the SMC and PRAM. Read More , which can often be the cause of wireless connectivity issues. “Bluetooth Not Available” Errors macOS stores information about Bluetooth devices in two files on your hard drive, one that is personal to you and another which is used by all users on your Mac. Deleting these files is often recommended when users encounter Bluetooth issues, as it forces macOS to create fresh ones when your computer restarts. Both files are PLIST files which are used all over the operating system for storing application data in XML format What Is An XML File & What Are Its Uses? [In Case You Were Wondering] What Is An XML File & What Are Its Uses? [In Case You Were Wondering] Read More . To delete and recreate these files: Open Finder and click on Go > Go to Folder from the menu bar. Type or paste /Library/Preferences. Look for a file called com.apple.Bluetooth.plist and drag it to the Trash. Click Go > Go to Folder again and type or paste ~/Library/Preferences/ByHost Look for a file that starts with com.apple.Bluetooth followed by numbers and letters (finishing in .plist) and drag it to the Trash. Disconnect any USB devices and shut down your computer. Turn off your Bluetooth devices, and start up your Mac again. Enable Bluetooth on your devices and attempt to pair again. Nuke Your Bluetooth Module As a last resort, you can try resetting your Bluetooth module to factory settings. This means you will lose all existing paired connections. If you’re still having issues after trying all the above, that may be a small price to pay to get your device working again. If you haven’t got a Bluetooth icon in the menu bar, head to System Preferences > Bluetooth and check Show Bluetooth in menu bar. Now hold Shift + Option and click on the Bluetooth icon in the menubar. In the menu that appears, select Debug > Reset the Bluetooth module. You can now try re-pairing your devices. Also, Option + Click often reveals more information and options within context menus, while the shift key enables debug menus. Check out what else you can do with the Mac option key 20 Things You Didn’t Know You Could Do with the Mac Option Key 20 Things You Didn’t Know You Could Do with the Mac Option Key The Command steals the limelight on your Mac's keyboard, but it’s the Option key that is the real hero. Read More . Still Got Problems? Most issues should have gone away after deleting system files, resetting PRAM, and reverting your Mac’s Bluetooth module to factory settings. If you still have problems, it’s likely your Mac is experiencing hardware issues but you might want to try a fresh install of macOS How To Reinstall Mac OS X For A Fast, Squeaky-Clean Mac How To Reinstall Mac OS X For A Fast, Squeaky-Clean Mac Just like Windows, prolonged use of a Mac slows down the operating system. When you've been hoarding data and applications for over a year, the difference in performance starts to show. It just doesn't run... Read More  too. The best option is to purchase your own USB Bluetooth adapter and use that instead. Older Apple computers are more likely to have issues than newer ones, so the price of a repair is often not worth it when compared with the price of a USB dongle. D-Link’s DBT-120 ($79) would do the trick, though you could go even cheaper and buy from a more generic brand. D-Link DBT-120 Wireless USB Bluetooth Adapter D-Link DBT-120 Wireless USB Bluetooth Adapter D-Link DBT-120, Bluetooth USB Adapter--Wireless Pe Buy Now At Amazon $79.95 If your Mac was purchased recently, is still under warranty, or you purchased Apple Care AppleCare: What Are Your Options & Is It Really Worth It? AppleCare: What Are Your Options & Is It Really Worth It? High customer satisfaction ratings and a large network of stores capable of performing certain repairs on-site give AppleCare the edge over the average warranty - but are the benefits really worth the price? Read More  then be sure to get Apple to look at the problem, as they’ll fix it for free and it could be indicative of a broader issue. If you’re still serious about getting the issue fixed but aren’t covered, you can take it to Apple and they will charge you for repairs. Remember: A Genius Bar appointment is always free, staff will run a full diagnostic check on your Mac, and you won’t have to pay anything without being notified of the costs beforehand. Did this article help solve your Mac Bluetooth issues? Add your solutions and issues in the comments below, we’ll try our best to help you out. Previous PostToday at Apple: Free Educational Classes for Everyone 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 829 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 Tech News Linux Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Windows 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Advertisement Related Articles This Is How Software Installers Work on Windows, macOS, and Linux Technology Explained This Is How Software Installers Work on Windows, macOS, and Linux Back Up, Restore, and Clean Your Mac Contacts With These Easy Steps Mac iPhone and iPad Back Up, Restore, and Clean Your Mac Contacts With These Easy Steps How to Record System Audio on Any Platform Mac Android How to Record System Audio on Any Platform Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Public Beta Testers Wednesday May 17, 2017 10:18 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first beta of iOS 10.3.3 to its public beta testing group, one day after providing the beta to developers and two days after releasing iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug fix update. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple’s beta testing program will receive the iOS 10.3.3 beta update over-the-air after installing the proper configuration profile on their iOS device. iOS users who want to be a part of the beta testing program can sign up to participate through Apple’s beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Because betas are not always stable and can introduce bugs, they should be installed on a secondary device. No significant changes were found in the first developer beta, suggesting iOS 10.3.3 is another minor update that focuses primarily on bug fixes and security improvements. Related Roundup: iOS 10 7 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Braderunner 14 hours ago at 10:20 am Downloading now, and telling everyone, because I have nothing better to do. Rating: 5 Votes sbailey4 13 hours ago at 10:48 am 2.02 GB that's retty huge What's new? Its a full installer. Just like if update through iTunes. Rating: 1 Votes btrach144 4 hours ago at 08:04 pm Everyone said 10.3.2 was the final version Rating: 1 Votes Mrjoedot 13 hours ago at 10:48 am Downloading now, and telling everyone, because I have nothing better to do. Haha, I love how you said it Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Accessibility With Three Accessibility Activists 4 hours ago on Front Page In honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, which takes place tomorrow, Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down with three YouTubers to discuss the Accessibility features built into Apple's iOS and Mac... 19 comments iPhone Scores 92% Loyalty Rate in Recent Survey Ahead of iPhone 8 11 hours ago on Front Page 92 percent of iPhone owners that are "somewhat likely" or "extremely likely" to upgrade their smartphone in the next 12 months plan to purchase another iPhone, according to investment... 104 comments Google I/O 2017: Assistant on iOS, Bluetooth Streaming on Google Home, and Easy Sharing With Photos 12 hours ago on Front Page Google today kicked off its annual I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, beginning with a keynote where the company announced Google Assistant for iPhone, new Google Home features... 100 comments Jimmy Iovine Says Apple Music Would Have '400 Million' Listeners If It Had a Free Version Like Spotify 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Music executive and recording industry mogul Jimmy Iovine recently sat down for a wide-ranging interview with Music Business Worldwide, reflecting upon his desire for more people to start... 163 comments Former Starbucks Worker Says Attending Apple's Developer Academy Was 'Opportunity of My Life' 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple's first iOS Developer Academy opened in Naples, Italy last October, providing 200 students with practical skills and experience to help turn their app ideas into reality and bring them to... 47 comments Apple Pay Officially Launches in Italy 1 day ago on Front Page Apple Pay is now available in Italy, and iPhone users in the country are able to add eligible credit and debit cards to the Wallet app for use with Apple's payments service in stores and online. ... 118 comments Apple Highlights Accessibility Features in New 'Designed for' Video Series 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today updated its YouTube channel with a series of Accessibility videos, highlighting the different ways the Accessibility features built into the iPhone and iPad are used to help people... 10 comments Bragi Launches 'The Dash Pro' With Bigger Battery, Better Bluetooth, and Real-Time Translation 1 day ago on Front Page At an event in New York City today, hearable company Bragi announced a trio of updates coming to its line of wireless Bluetooth headphones, including The Dash Pro, The Dash Pro tailored by Starkey,... 109 comments • Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Classes Around the World (60) • Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC (522) • Apple Seeds First Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers (34) • Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers (55) • Apple Rumored to Discontinue iPad Mini (328) • Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus (88) • Third-Party Apps Will Need App-Specific Passwords for iCloud Access From June 15 (107)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Power Ranger-Themed TRPG 'Chroma Squad' Has Just Hit the App Store 'Old Man's Journey' Saunters on to the App Store Out Now: 'Beholder', 'No Stick Shooter', 'Terminator Genisys', 'Guns of Boom' and Loads More Paradox Interactive's New Studio To Focus on Deep, Challenging Mobile Experiences 'Beholder', the Totalitarian Landlord Simulator, Is Out Now Google I/O 2017 Recap: New Standalone Daydream VR Headset, Google Assistant on iOS, and Android O Details YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 11:53pm EDT Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 1/6 left right Two attendees wearing Google Glass listen to the opening keynote during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 2/6 left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 3/6 left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 4/6 left right An attendee takes a photo before the opening keynote at the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 5/6 left right A group of attendees stand for a photo while holding a flag before the opening keynote at the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 6/6 By Julia Love Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company's artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple Inc’s (AAPL.O) iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. What’s more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone’s camera, executives said. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company’s Android operating system -- long the cornerstone of Google's mobile strategy -- getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. “This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don’t see it for a couple years ... and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms,” Dawson said. “They need to put that functionality where users are.” The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company's own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. "We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs." The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), will be integrated as well. While Amazon’s Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. “Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services,” said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. “They really pushed that message hard.” (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Bill Rigby and Phil Berlowitz) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology News Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc has escalated its patent battle with Apple Inc , suing Foxconn and three other Taiwanese manufacturers that supply iPhone and iPad components for not paying royalties. Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack BEIJING Chinese state media on Wednesday criticized the United States for hindering efforts to stop global cyber threats in the wake of the WannaCry "ransomware" attack that has infected more than 300,000 computers worldwide in recent days. Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs Cisco Systems Inc forecast current-quarter revenue that widely missed analysts' estimates and said it would cut 1,100 more jobs, as the world's largest networking gear maker steps up efforts to transform into a software-focused company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path GoogleI/O HTCU11 InstagramFaceFilters WannaCry AmazonFire Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Cell Phones / Qualcomm Ramps Up Apple Fight, Sues iPhone Makers Qualcomm Ramps Up Apple Fight, Sues iPhone Makers By Angela Moscaritolo May 17, 2017 12:48pm EST 10 Comments Qualcomm on Wednesday filed suit against Apple device manufacturers Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal Electronics for refusing to pay their licensing fees. The fight between Apple and Qualcomm is getting uglier. Qualcomm on Wednesday filed suit against Apple device manufacturers Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal Electronics — the companies responsible for iPhone and iPad assembly — for refusing to pay their licensing fees. The chipmaker says those four companies have "a long history of consistently paying royalties" but are now refusing to pay licensing fees on the Apple products they produce at Cupertino's request. "Qualcomm seeks an order that would require the defendants to comply with their long-standing contractual obligations to Qualcomm, as well as declaratory relief and damages," the company said in a news release. "While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm's inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple's instructions not to pay." Apple did not immediately respond to PCMag's request for comment. Qualcomm said its licensing agreements with the aforementioned manufacturers date back to before Apple even sold its first iPhone — and that Apple isn't even a party in those contracts. The manufacturers, meanwhile, are still paying Qualcomm royalties for the use of its technology in non-Apple products. "It is unfortunate that we must take this action against these long-time licensees to enforce our agreements, but we cannot allow these manufacturers and Apple to use our valuable intellectual property without paying the fair and reasonable royalties to which they have agreed," Qualcomm's Executive Vice President and General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm in its global attack on the company." Related FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws He went on to say that "the manufacturers must continue to live up to their obligations under these agreements and Apple should immediately cease its tortious interference." The issue dates back January when Apple, alleging extortion, sued Qualcomm for $1 billion. Apple says Qualcomm withheld contractually obligated payments in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with a Korean investigation into its business practices. That investigation ended with the Korean antitrust agency levying a record $854 million fine against Qualcomm in December. Qualcomm in April countersued Apple, claiming the iPhone maker breached and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations between the two companies. Apple since last month has been withholding payments to its manufacturers for the royalties they owe under their licenses with Qualcomm. Back to top Previous : HTC U11 Is Sprint's First Gigabit Phone By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Google 'Smart Reply' Headed to Gmail for iOS, Android Smart Reply uses machine learning technology to determine which emails can be answered with a short ... More » Steve Jobs Wanted Jeff Goldblum as 'The Voice of Apple' If things had turned out differently, Hollywood actor Jeff Goldblum might have added another role to... More » Talk to Your GE Appliances Via Google Home GE's Wi-Fi-connected appliances—including refrigerators, ovens, dishwashers, ranges, washers, and dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know Google I/O 2017: What to Expect 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 11 Signal App Tips for Secure Chats Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Best Phones of 2017 //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: Barron’s | Calpers | FANG | Stocks | Apple | Price | Surge Barron's: Calpers Sells the FANG Stocks, Apple Before Price Surge (Getty/Max Whittaker) By Newsmax Wires   |   Wednesday, 17 May 2017 01:57 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    America’s largest public pension fund reportedly has trimmed back on "FANG" stocks and Apple just as Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and both classes of Alphabet have surged. California Public Employees’ Retirement System, or Calpers, reportedly has cut back on Facebook (FB), Amazon.com (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and both publicly traded classes of Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG ) stock in the first quarter, Barron's reported. "The tech-friendly market run, however, has caused these smaller equity positions to all surge in value from the fourth-quarter regulatory filing. Calpers as of March 31 owned $676 million in Facebook stock, up 21% from Dec. 31, although it now owns 4.76 million shares—nearly 84,000 shares fewer. The position in Amazon, 790,000 shares, gained $100 million in value to $700 million even as the fund sold nearly 14,000 Amazon shares. Calpers sold 13,000 Netflix shares, only to see its investment rise more than 17% in value to $117 million," Barron's reported. "Calpers now has more than $1 billion invested in Alphabet, up from $986 million, slightly more in the class A shares, which trade as GOOGL, than the class C shares, which trade as GOOG. It now holds 632,000 class A shares and 594,000 class C shares; both share positions have been trimmed about 3%," the report said. "The fund’s investment in Apple (AAPL), whose homegrown surge into previously unknown territories of market capitalization is the pride and joy of the Golden State, remains the top stock holding at $1.78 billion, up 20% from Dec. 31, even though it now holds 12.4 million shares, 3% fewer shares," Barron's reported. The fund’s second-largest investment, Microsoft (MSFT), inched up 1% to $1.14 billion, although Calpers pared its share holdings by more than 4%. These investments, reported on a Form 13F, represent a portion of the Global Equity asset class of Calpers’ investments. Global Equity accounts for about $150 billion out of Calpers’ overall $321 billion total market value. To be sure, California residents seemingly won’t be pleased with the financial outcome of Calpers’ trading strategy that resulted in apparently missed gains. California cities and counties will see their required contributions to the largest U.S. pension fund almost double in five years, according to an analysis by the California Policy Center. In the fiscal year beginning in July, local payments to the California Public Employees’ Retirement System will total $5.3 billion and rise to $9.8 billion in fiscal 2023, according to the right-leaning group that examines public pensions, Bloomberg reported. The increase reflects Calpers’ decision in December to roll back the expected rate of return on its investments. That means the system’s 3,000 cities, counties, school districts and other public agencies will have to put more taxpayer money into the fund because they can’t count as heavily on anticipated investment income to cover future benefit checks. Calpers hasn’t calculated the dollar impact of reducing the investment return over the years, said the group, which derived its estimate from guidance the system sent in January. Including the costs paid by cities and counties that run their own systems, the fiscal 2018 tab will be at least $13 billion to meet retirement obligations for public workers, according to the analysis, which is based on actuarial reports and audited financial statements. Barring any changes to pensions, "several California cities and counties will find themselves forced to slash other spending," the group wrote in its report. "The less fortunate will simply be unable to pay the bills they receive from Calpers or their local retirement system." Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and both classes of Alphabet have surged. Apple remains the biggest holding. America’s largest public pension fund has spoken, and it says trim back on FANG stocks and Apple. (Newsmax wire services and Bloomberg contributed to this report). Related Stories: Alternative Investments Gone Wrong: The Story Of The Dallas Police Pension Plan Megan McArdle: Public Pensions Are Being Overly Optimistic  WSJ: Calpers May Slash Its 7.5 Percent Investment Target © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk California Public Employees' Retirement System, or Calpers, reportedly has cut back on Facebook (ticker: FB), Amazon.com (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and both publicly traded classes of Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG ) stock in the first quarter. Barron’s, Calpers, FANG, Stocks, Apple, Price, Surge 621 Wednesday, 17 May 2017 01:57 PM 2017-57-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Jack Welch: Trump Impeachment Would 'Blow the Market Away' Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 57 comments This is getting funnier by the day. Why are the democrats going to get to... US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Oil Jumps as Saudi Arabia Voices Support for OPEC Deal Extension Monday, 15 May 2017 | 12 comments There is more oil in the ground then the Oil industries will let on... If... More Price Hikes Likely for Obamacare Insurance Markets Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 12 comments Heh, Barack, Antsy Nancy, Dumb Chuck, did you notice this is just like one... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 11:53pm EDT Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 1/6 left right Two attendees wearing Google Glass listen to the opening keynote during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 2/6 left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 3/6 left right Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 4/6 left right An attendee takes a photo before the opening keynote at the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 5/6 left right A group of attendees stand for a photo while holding a flag before the opening keynote at the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose, California, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam 6/6 By Julia Love Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Addressing an audience of thousands of developers in Mountain View, California, Google executives delivered a broad-based update to their product portfolio which also included a slate of new features for the Google Home speaker, a job search tool and even a set of new virtual reality headsets. In a sign of the ongoing strategic importance of Google Assistant, the company's artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, Google announced it would make the product available on Apple Inc’s (AAPL.O) iPhone, making a play for the higher end of the smartphone market and challenging Apple's Siri feature on its own devices. What’s more, the assistant will soon be able to complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphone’s camera, executives said. But several analysts noted that the emphasis on the assistant and other apps like photos and maps, which run on many types of devices, resulted in the company’s Android operating system -- long the cornerstone of Google's mobile strategy -- getting relatively little attention during the presentation. That reflects a recognition by the search giant that the assistant and other apps will be increasingly important to its future, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. The strategy helps the company sidestep some of the complications of developing new features for the vast Android ecosystem, where only a fraction of devices are running on the latest version of the operating system, he noted. “This is partly a concession to the fact that whatever they put into Android, most users don’t see it for a couple years ... and a lot of their best, most attractive, most valuable users are going to be on other platforms,” Dawson said. “They need to put that functionality where users are.” The Google Assistant debuted last year on the company's own hardware, and Google has gradually extended the tool to devices from other manufacturers running on its Android operating system. Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) are competing to establish the dominant voice-powered digital assistant, which many in the industry believe will supplant keyboards and touch screens as a primary way that users interact with technology. "Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways," Google CEO Sundar Pichai told the audience. "We’ve been using voice as an input across many of our products. We’ve had significant breakthroughs." The company is also gaining traction with its photo app, which now reaches 500 million users regularly, Pichai said. To drive greater usage of the app, Google will now make suggestions to prod users to share images and allow them to order physical photo albums. Pichai also announced the company will expand its search engine with a new jobs tab that will allow candidates to filter postings by criteria such as wages and commute time. Google, which gets most of its revenue from its dominant search engine, also released a host of new features for Google Home, a speaker released last year. Users will soon be able to make phone calls using the device, and the HBO Now streaming service, owned by Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), will be integrated as well. While Amazon’s Echo speaker has emerged as the most popular device in the category, Google repeatedly touted its ability to use artificial intelligence to identify multiple users, an edge it has over Amazon. “Google was putting forward a message about artificial intelligence and how they are including the technology in virtually every aspect of their products and services,” said analyst Brian Blau of Gartner. “They really pushed that message hard.” (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Bill Rigby and Phil Berlowitz) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology News Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc has escalated its patent battle with Apple Inc , suing Foxconn and three other Taiwanese manufacturers that supply iPhone and iPad components for not paying royalties. Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack BEIJING Chinese state media on Wednesday criticized the United States for hindering efforts to stop global cyber threats in the wake of the WannaCry "ransomware" attack that has infected more than 300,000 computers worldwide in recent days. Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs Cisco Systems Inc forecast current-quarter revenue that widely missed analysts' estimates and said it would cut 1,100 more jobs, as the world's largest networking gear maker steps up efforts to transform into a software-focused company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Qualcomm Files Breach of Contract Complaint against Apple’s Manufacturers for Non-Payment of Royalties   Qualcomm Incorporated today filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against FIH Mobile Ltd and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd, (together known as Foxconn), Pegatron Corporation, Wistron Corporation, and Compal Electronics, Inc., the four manufacturers of all Apple iPhones and iPads sold worldwide, for breaching their license agreements and other commitments with Qualcomm and refusing to pay for use of Qualcomm’s licensed technologies. Qualcomm seeks an order that would require the defendants to comply with their long-standing contractual obligations to Qualcomm, as well as declaratory relief and damages. Despite a long history of consistently paying royalties under their license agreements with Qualcomm, the manufacturers now are refusing to pay royalties on the Apple products they produce. While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay. The license agreements with the manufacturers in many cases were entered into before Apple sold its first iPhone and Apple is not a party to the agreements. Further, the defendants are continuing to pay Qualcomm royalties for use of Qualcomm’s technology in non-Apple products, under the very same agreements that apply to the Apple products. Qualcomm has already filed a separate claim against Apple for its unlawful interference with the license agreements between Qualcomm and these manufacturers. “It is unfortunate that we must take this action against these long-time licensees to enforce our agreements, but we cannot allow these manufacturers and Apple to use our valuable intellectual property without paying the fair and reasonable royalties to which they have agreed,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. “As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm in its global attack on the company. Our license agreements with Apple’s manufacturers remain valid and enforceable. The manufacturers must continue to live up to their obligations under these agreements and Apple should immediately cease its tortious interference.” About Qualcomm Qualcomm’s technologies (qualcomm.com) powered the smartphone revolution and connected billions of people. We pioneered 3G and 4G and now we are leading the way to 5G and a new era of intelligent, connected devices. Our products are revolutionizing industries, including automotive, computing, IoT, healthcare and data center, and are allowing millions of devices to connect with each other in ways never before imagined. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, our QCT semiconductor business. Qualcomm is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Contact: John Sinnott – Investor Relations P: +1 858-658-4813 – E: ir[.]qualcomm.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTelecom/Wireless/VoIP/IPTV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Single-Phase Transformer Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market Size, Share, Trend and Forecast 2016 by QY Research Reports Next PostNext Grape Seed Extracts Market 2016-2023 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region: Credence Research Search Recent Posts Life Science and Chemical Instrumentation Market: Advanced Technologies, Growth, Trends and Future Outlook 2024 Global Smart Energy Market 2017 Size, Development Status, Type and Application, Segmentation, Forecast by 2022 Global Bluetooth Speaker Market 2017- Samsungm, Panasonic, Philips, Altec Lansing, Harman International, Bowers & Wilkins, Bose Corporation Grocers in Government: Why Advocacy is a Key Ingredient for Successful Business Grocers in Government: Why Advocacy is a Key Ingredient for Successful Business Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up News MUSIC VIDEOS FEATURES LISTS LIFESTYLE FRESHMAN SHOP Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS The Return of Chief Keef By Max Weinstein May 17, 2017 1:58 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Benny Flash Five years ago, Chief Keef was hip-hop’s next big thing. Rising out of Chicago’s rough Englewood neighborhood with a hit single at the age of 16, the rapper, born Keith Farrelle Shantique Cozart, quickly became the most controversial artist in the industry. His original 2012 video for “I Don’t Like,” which was deleted from YouTube because it had too many guns in it, set the standard for gun-heavy, no-frills music videos moving forward, and the critical acclaim of his debut album, Finally Rich, from “hipster” publications like Spin and Pitchfork caused some to wonder whether rap’s moral center had moved too far to the White. His grasp of melody and catchy songwriting helped him elevate the homegrown drill sound to a national level, but most people outside Chicago had little understanding of how strong Keef’s grassroots support was within the city. Yet his widespread importance was immediately obvious: less than three months after Keef dropped “I Don’t Like” in 2012, Kanye hi-jacked it as the lead single for his upcoming G.O.O.D. Music album. A year later, Keef was one of only two rappers featured on Yeezus. One night in March 2012, Larry Jackson was sitting in his office at Interscope Records with singer/songwriter J. Valentine. At the time, Jackson was the executive vice president of A&R at the label, and that same night he’d been blown away after hearing Maroon 5’s “Pay Phone” for the first time. But when Valentine asked if Jackson had heard of Chief Keef, the A&R vet’s ears perked up; his younger brother had sent him a link to the Chicago rapper’s music earlier that same day. Jackson pulled up the “I Don’t Like” video, which he says only had about 1,000 plays or so at the time, and proceeded to watch in awe. “I saw the new face of hip-hop,” Jackson remembers about watching that video for the first time. “The feeling that I had within me was like… holy shit. This looks like ‘Smells Like Teen Spirit.’” Unaware of how dangerous Chicago’s South Side was at the time but cognizant of the impending bidding war for Keef, Jackson flew to Englewood to meet with the teenage rapper while Keef was still living at his grandmother Margaret Carter’s house. Under house arrest for months after a gun charge in December 2011, Keef shot his first viral videos at his grandmother’s place, including “John Madden,” “It’s Cracking,” “Everydays Halloween” and “3 Hunna,” plus “I Don’t Like.” “I shouldn’t have been in the belly of the beast to the degree that I was,” remembers Jackson, who’s now the head of content at Apple Music, “but I loved the music and I was such a proponent of wanting to be the conduit for the culture that I put myself arguably in harm’s way to really get it done. I don’t think anybody else who was offering him a deal at that time was going to Englewood to sit at the foot of his grandmother’s bed and talk to her about my vision for her grandson.” Benny Flash After a bidding war that found Birdman, T.I. and Jeezy all interested in signing him, Keef signed a three-year, three-album deal with Interscope that was reportedly worth up to $6 million, and though originally billed as a mixtape by Keef himself, Finally Rich became the debut album set to drop in 2012. By early October of that year, Keef and Young Chop, who had produced “I Don’t Like,” had another hit on their hands with “Love Sosa.” But when the album was released in December 2012, it sold a disappointing 50,000 copies first week, and Keef’s contract with Interscope had a caveat to save the label from losing out on their investment: if Finally Rich didn’t sell 250,000 copies in a year, the label could drop him. Some felt the label didn’t do enough to market and promote the LP; Jackson later told Billboard, “[Keef] sold 300,000 with no promotion. People can say it was a stupid deal, but the project is in the black. Our marketing spend on it was literally crumbs.” Chop says the label rushed the album’s release. What followed was a year of turmoil between Keef and Interscope. He served multiple stints in jail, lost a $230,000 lawsuit for not showing up to a London show and ended up in rehab. He released two mixtapes, Bang 2 and Almighty So, but neither proved as popular as his previous work. By early 2014, Keef released what would be his final single for Interscope, “Fuck Rehab.” Soon after, his cousin, Mario “Blood Money” Hess, was murdered in Chicago. That’s when Jackson says he decided to move Keef out to L.A., and in May of that year, another bombshell dropped—Jimmy Iovine was leaving Interscope to work at Apple after the tech giant acquired his Beats company. Iovine would take Dr. Dre and Larry Jackson with him, and by October, Keef was dropped from Interscope. “When Jimmy n Dre left that’s when I said fuck Interscope,” Keef tweeted shortly after news of his departure from the label broke. “That’s what I signed up for not this new staff! Of WhiteHonkies!” Ever since, Keef’s career has taken one bizarre twist after another. In early 2015, he signed a two-album deal with eccentric Greek billionaire Alki David’s FilmOn TV, and later released the long-awaited Bang 3, though it ended up being a confusing two-disc affair that Keef wasn’t happy with. By the end of the year, the label suspended Keef for booking shows and releasing music without their consent, and David sued Keef’s management company for millions. The status of Keef and David’s relationship has been unclear ever since, and in 2016, Keef made passing reference to being “retired.” Casimir “Mula” Spaulding But now, in 2017, the 21-year-old rhymer has found new life. Chief Keef was quiet for most of 2016, stockpiling hundreds of songs in the studio without releasing an official project, but was resurrected on the first day of the new year with the Two Zero One Seven mixtape, followed by a string of excellent loosies like “Kills,” “Minute,” “Get Sleep” and “Can You Be My Friend.” A few weeks ago, XXL talked to Keef in one of the few interviews he’s granted to press in recent years, speaking about his new project and what’s to come. He already considers Two Zero One Seven to be old news and says he was “just playing around” on the tape. A couple of the songs are tributes to Bankroll Fresh via mimicry of the late rapper’s style, like on “Reefah.” “My boys fucked with him hard as fuck, Tadoe and them. They all put me on him and shit,” Keef says of Bankroll. “But it took them a long time [to put me on] because it’s hard for me to even listen to anybody. But on [Two Zero One Seven], I had a couple songs showing respect. You don’t hear me rap like nobody too often either, so I just had three or four songs on there with that style of Bank.” Asked when he recorded the mixtape, Keef is in disbelief. “I couldn’t tell you that, man. I be high as hell. You know how much music I record, dude? That shit is in the back… Two Zero One Seven is old as hell now. I really don’t know. I got too much.” The only problem with the tape is that Keef mixed most of it and forgot to turn the volume up. “That’s me making the plug-ins inactive,” he groans. “There are two songs on there that are played loud. So them ones CB [his engineer Chris Barnett] mixed. But the rest of ’em that’s low, that’s me. Forgetting to turn the plug-in on.” Casimir “Mula” Spaulding Keef produced most of Two Zero One Seven, but he isn’t doing much production these days. “I don’t make beats no more,” he admits. “I’ll make something every now and then, but I ain’t like heavy on it. It kinda messed my ear up. All I hear is the beat, I don’t hear the raps. I’m trying to hear the words, but all I’m listening to is the beat, trying to hear if it’s raw or not.” “Can You Be My Friend,” one of the boldest songs he’s dropped in years, was directly inspired by Drake’s “One Dance,” and Keef wants to work with Jamaican artists on more reggae, dancehall and Caribbean music. At one point, Keef wanted to change the sound of “Can You Be My Friend,” but Young Chop suggested otherwise. It’s a sound we can expect to hear more of on Keef’s long-awaited Thot Breakers mixtape, which now has a release date of June 9. Initially, Keef was planning to drop the tape on Mother’s Day. “I’ll just probably do all friendly [songs] because I’m always dissing thots,” says Keef as he describes the sound of Thot Breakers. “I was thinking of putting a couple songs of stuff like ‘Can You Be My Friend’ and I got a song called ‘Slow Dance.’ It’s like R&B, pop type shit. I don’ know how to say it. Sosa&B.” Later in our conversation, Keef also says he’s ready to “cross over—some Flo-Rida shit, get on that lane, Pitbull wave.” He mentions three artists he’d like to work with: Rihanna, Chris Brown and R. Kelly. “I gotta get up with R. Kelly and do a lil’ song for Chicago, couple songs for Chicago and for the world too though,” says Keef. “Do some slow jams, like two slow songs, then a lil’ decent hard song.” Keef declined to comment on his current relationship with FilmOn, but a rep from the label tells XXL Keef and David have “made up” and David is “producing the autobiographical concept album The Cozart they always planned.” Keef’s team wouldn’t go quite as far. Before Chief Keef landed at FilmOn, though, he had an opportunity to be the first artist with an Apple Music deal. “This was before I ended up with Alki, messing with Dro,” Keef remembers, referencing his former manager Rovan “Dro” Manuel. “They were talking about taking me to Apple. This was before they did anybody with Apple Music. You know what Larry called me and said? He said, ‘You’re gonna be the first artist on Apple Music,’ and I turned it down. Because, you know… I don’ know. I just didn’t do it. But I would have been the first artist on Apple Music.” “We had a conversation about it,” confirms Jackson, “but Keith has always been enigmatic, and I didn’t even expect him to leap at it. I didn’t feel slighted because I know he’s so enigmatic, and often times you think he’s gonna go right and he goes left.” Casimir “Mula” Spaulding Jackson had a heavy hand in sequencing the rapper’s original Bang 3 for Interscope that never got released, and Keef wasn’t satisfied with the version that eventually dropped on FilmOn. “It was okay, a couple songs,” he concedes. “That was a whole different style though. I don’t know what kind of style it was. I don’t really like that style. I just don’t like it. I think I could have did better with that, but that’s why there’s always later.” He claims he stopped writing around 2012 or 2013, when he started sipping lean heavily (“I started trying to get on my Wayne shit. Wayne inspired that”). The last mixtape he wrote songs for was Almighty So, and ever since, “I just cut beats on, and whichever one I’m feeling, I go right in, waste no time.” After phases of heavy experimentation with Auto-Tune and working with Atlanta producers like Metro Boomin and Zaytoven, Keef sounds like he’s finding his comfort zone again. At one point in 2016, he seemed disgruntled by what he saw in the rap game, and during a show around October, he spoke about his frustration with “colored hair” rappers. But many of those rappers, like Lil Yachty and Lil Uzi Vert, are directly influenced by Keef. Now Sosa says he feels humbled to know how much he’s impacted today’s sound. “I actually became humble to that shit,” he says as he reflects on his influence over the past five years. “To see that I can do that… I’m really out here having an influence on the vibes of the new, upcoming rappers. It’s cool though. I just wanna keep doing that, keep influencing. I came in 2012 with Finally Rich. They love that shit, boy. That shit stuck like glue. Then that whole situation, they look at me as a person and where I came from and see it’s real as fuck, and I’m so young. So this is like… if he can do it, they can do it. So I just want to keep doing that. For anybody else that come, that’s cool with me.” Larry Jackson continues to see Keef’s impact on the game. “He’s not celebrated enough,” says Jackson. “Without Chief Keef, there would be no Lil Uzi Vert. Without Chief Keef, there would be no Young Dolph. Without Chief Keef, there would be no Lil Yachty or 21 Savage or [Playboi] Carti or Kodak Black. Keef was a real pioneer for this new wave of hip-hop right now.” Talking to Keef, there’s a sense he doesn’t like dwelling on the past that much. At one point in our conversation, after he answered a question, he bluntly says “next” with the tone of a game show buzzer. However, he sounds like his head’s in the right space, and despite running into some legal trouble earlier this year, a rep for his team tells XXL his assault case in L.A. was dropped and the recent warrant issued for his arrest in Miami was quietly lifted. “I think he’s got an enormous future in the business,” says Jackson. “It’ll be a byproduct of his discipline.” According to Jackson, Apple Music’s upcoming movement is geared toward “more expansive forms of content.” He’s dying to do a Chief Keef documentary, which would ultimately live on the streaming platform if given the green light. But right now, Sosa’s focused. The rapper is in the middle of a musical comeback. “I’m gonna stop talking about it,” says Keef about what else he’s got coming this year. “I just want to show. I’m gonna get on my beast shit and get to dropping shit on their ass out of nowhere. Just know, you’re gonna see some heat.” See Exclusive Photos of Chief Keef Image of Subscribe to XXL on Filed Under: Chief Keef | Feature Category: News SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of XXL Here’s Where You Can Buy Lil Uzi Vert’s Controversial T-Shirt Internet Goes Crazy Over Young Dro’s Outfit Rolling Loud Festival Is a Hip-Hop Fan’s Version of Disney World See Photos of Gucci Mane, YG and More at Day Three of 2017 Rolling Loud Festival Leave a Comment Latest News T-Pain Teases Long-Awaited ‘T-Wayne’ Project With Lil Wayne May 17, 2017 9:25 PM Watch the Trailer for the ‘Fear Factor’ Reboot Hosted by Ludacris May 17, 2017 8:46 PM Chris Brown Brings Out Kendrick Lamar on Party Tour May 17, 2017 8:08 PM Chance The Rapper Spits Freestyle Over Future’s “Mask Off” May 17, 2017 7:30 PM Boosie BadAzz Is the Only Artist Who’s Made Blac Youngsta Cry May 17, 2017 6:48 PM See More Worst Wardrobe Malfunctions On Stands Now Table of Contents XXL Newsletter Eye Candy Here Are 11 of Iggy Azalea’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 17, 2017 Here Are 10 of Rihanna’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 11, 2017 11 Hottest Women on the 2017 Grammy Awards Red Carpet February 12, 2017 The Real Chela’s Way Uses Instagram to Give the Gift That Keeps on Giving January 10, 2017 See the Hottest Women on the 2016 American Music Awards Red Carpet November 20, 2016 Thickest Yams HOT HEADLINES Amber Rose's House Broken Into, Suspect Hid There for Four Hours (PHOTO) UFC's Cowboy Cerrone: Who Cares If Jon Jones Does Coke?! Nick and Aaron Carter's Father Likely Died of Heart Attack, Family Believes Former FBI Director Robert Mueller Tapped as Special Counsel for Russia Investigation Kardashians' Fave Cinco de Mayo Joint Renovating On Heels of Roach Closure (PHOTOS + VIDEO) Terry Bradshaw Says Gisele Burned Tom Brady, 'My Wife Would Never Say That' (VIDEO) 'Love & Hip Hop' Cast Donates Money to Cover Graduates' Costs (PHOTO + VIDEO) NFL Calls BS On Gisele, No Evidence Tom Brady Suffered Concussion 'RHONY' Star Carole Radziwill Allegedly Recorded Private Convos, Woman Wants It Off the Show (UPDATE) Becky G Would Make a Badass Orange Power Ranger, Too! (PHOTOS) Rappers Who Killed People The XXL Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://www.xxlmag.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to XXL Mag (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here XXL Mag brought to you by: Sign up for XXL Mag Register Now Sign up for XXL Mag quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! XXL Mag brought to you by: XXL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Apple's New Campus Has Cutting-Edge Features That Will Amaze You Nick Mafi Architectural Digest May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Steve Jobs's final vision has been realized, and it's in the form of a bold 175-acre, Foster + Partners–designed campusMore By Nick Mafi. Photos courtesy of Apple. Apple Park, the tech giant's soon-to-be-completed new headquarters, was the final vision of the firm's inimitable founder: Steve Jobs. So invested in the project was Jobs that his final public appearance before his death on October 5, 2011, was addressing a group of Cupertino council members to pitch his vision for the 175-acre plot of land that would house his company for the next century. "We've come up with a design that puts 12,000 people in one building," said Jobs during the address. "We've seen these office parks with lots of buildings, and they get pretty boring pretty fast...so we're going to do something different from that." Apple chose Norman Foster, a Pritzker Prize–winning architect who has been responsible for some of the most innovative buildings on the planet. Steve Jobs's inspiration for the new headquarters came in 2004 while he was walking through Hyde Park in London. It was there, in the open, in nature, that Apple's former CEO decided it was necessary to house his company in a new environment where the barrier between building and nature seamlessly disappeared. Yet, more than that, and much like his revolutionary iPhone, Jobs wanted to create the kind of campus that other companies would aspire to in the decades to come. Below, AD covers some of the most cutting-edge features of Apple's newest headquarters—a project so vast and exciting that it consumed the final months of Jobs's life. Energy Efficient: The Ring, as the structure has come to be known, has the ability to run on fully sustainable energy, much of which comes from the solar panels that line the top of the spaceship-like structure. What's more, the campus will house a cluster of various trees, many of them fruit-bearing. The foliage is not merely for aesthetics, however: They will all be drought-tolerant varieties, planted to withstand climate change. All-Glass: The glass exterior, part of Jobs's original vision, succeeds in blurring the lines between office and nature. To achieve this, Apple hired the German firm Seele Group (the same company that outfitted the famous all-glass exterior of Apple's Fifth Avenue location in New York City). The company produced roughly 800 glass panels that are 45 feet tall, extremely durable, and curved to fit the contours of the ring-like structure. A Campus Filled with Foliage: Jobs felt his best thinking was done while walking, specifically walking through nature, so he wanted to offer his employees the same creative freedom. To do so, Apple bought some 9,000 trees (many of them apple, plum, apricot, and other fruit trees) to plant throughout the 175-acre plot of land. The result is a corporate campus that, at times, might be mistaken for a state park. A Building That Breathes: Between each floor of the building is a canopy that juts out, mainly to protect employees from the intense California sun. Tucked within each canopy is a ventilation system that funnels air in and out of the building. Apparently Jobs, who was not a fan of air conditioning, wanted his employees to feel any passing breeze as if they were sitting outside. Through a variety of sensors, the building can maintain a temperature of 68 to 77 degrees Fahrenheit, all by using an intake and release of natural air. More: 5 Examples of Iconic Modern Architecture That Have Serious Flaws This story originally appeared on Architectural Digest. More from Architectural Digest: Nate Berkus Shares New Daughter/New Home Inside Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian's California Dream Homes 126 Stunning Celebrity Homes Inside Jennifer Aniston's Gorgeous Beverly Hills Home Sarah Jessica Parker's Epic West Village Townhouse Ellen DeGeneres' Amazing California Estate Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? 4445 reactions4%62%34% Nat Geo marks Endangered Species Day displaying stunning Photo Ark images 38 reactions1%78%21% Jimmy Fallon Regrets His Donald Trump Interview: ‘I Didn’t Think That Would Be a Compliment’ 2899 reactions6%58%36% McKayla Maroney Posts Racy Instagram Video…And Fans Get Upset 2272 reactions9%73%18% Trump, LGBT, Lavrov and more — it happened today: May 17 in pictures 47 reactions3%61%36% Trump's White House wracked with contention Tibetan Buddhist Center Finds Home in Philadelphia 12 reactions6%61%33% Jennifer Lawrence Laughs Off Stripper Pole Video: ‘I’m Not Going to Apologize, I Had a Blast’ 683 reactions8%75%17% The Comey memo was also about Trump’s request to arrest reporters. Journalists call it ‘crazy and scary.’ 6857 reactions4%67%29% This math question meant for 7-year-olds has everyone stumped 93 reactions3%81%16% Democracy’s darkest moment: the Watergate scandal 72 reactions3%71%26% DOJ appoints special counsel to oversee WH Russia probe Lawrence PSA to Trump WH Staff: 'Lawyer up' 66 reactions3%67%30% A Teen Snapped This Pic Of Her Dad To Send To His Crush, And It Worked 160 reactions12%73%15% 'Wolf of Wall Street' Living the High Life Again Despite Owing $100 Million to Scam Victims 182 reactions4%70%26% Could Breast Milk Be the Next Cancer Treatment? 850 reactions6%74%20% There is no chance that Donald Trump will be impeached Graham: If we have learned anything from pundits and editorials both left and right is to take their predictions with a grain of salt. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Qualcomm sues iPhone manufacturers as Apple battle escalates Apple told its manufacturers to stop paying for Qualcomm's technology. The chipmaker wants its money. Mobile by Alfred Ng May 17, 2017 6:25 AM PDT @alfredwkng by Shara Tibken May 17, 2017 6:25 AM PDT @sharatibken Apple and Qualcomm have been batting over mobile technology. James Martin/CNET These chips ain't cheap. Qualcomm filed a lawsuit Wednesday against Apple's iPhone manufacturers that alleges breach of contract. The suit, filed in US District Court in California, comes less than a month after Apple stopped paying patent royalties for Qualcomm technology that's essential for connecting phones to a wireless network. Apple doesn't have a direct license with Qualcomm but pays the royalty fee to its manufacturers, like Foxconn, who then pay Qualcomm. Because Apple stopped paying its manufacturers, they stopped paying Qualcomm. The legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm has been heating up as the two companies brawl over who has mobile technology licensing rights. See also Apple stops paying Qualcomm's patent royalties FTC says Qualcomm is a monopoly, case should proceed Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms "Our license agreements with Apple's manufacturers remain valid and enforceable," Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel, said in a statement. "The manufacturers must continue to live up to their obligations under these agreements and Apple should immediately cease its tortious interference." Qualcomm argues that the manufacturers acknowledge they have a contractual obligation to pay royalties, but that they need to follow Apple's orders against paying. The two companies have sued and countersued each other since January. Apple in January filed suit against Qualcomm in the US, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple wants a court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The iPhone maker said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. 19 How red is the iPhone 7 Plus Product Red Special Edition? Qualcomm maintains that no modern handset would have been possible -- including the iPhone -- "without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies." In its response to Apple's filing, the company made some counterclaims of its own, including breach of contract. It also asked for an unspecified amount in damages and said Apple had interfered with its relationship with contract manufacturers. Apple on Wednesday said that Qualcomm has "refused to negotiate fair terms" and that it decided to stop paying until a judge can determine how much it should cough up in royalties. "Qualcomm's demands are unreasonable and they have been charging higher rates based on our innovation, not their own," an Apple spokesman said, reiterating an earlier comment. First published May 17, 6:25 a.m. PT. Update at 9:35 a.m. PT to add more background information and details about Qualcomm's technology. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Tech Industry Qualcomm More stories Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone How Google injects speed into the mobile web Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Close   Discuss: Qualcomm sues iPhone manufacturers as Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Facebook fake news filters don't help fight hoaxes, report says 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Music Album Exclusives Being Cut Down By Adnan Farooqui on 05/17/2017 11:01 PDT Apple has long relied on exclusive album releases to push its music streaming service. However, Apple executive Jimmy Iovine has now said that the company now plans to move Apple Music away from exclusive album releases. Even though this has been a primary characteristic of Apple Music, Apple has now decided that it’s not going to rely as much on exclusive album releases as it used to in the past. In an interview with Music Business Worldwide, Iovine revealed that Apple Music is going to be moving away from exclusive album releases. Saying that the company tried this method, but it’s not going to heavily rely on it in the future. “We’ll still do some stuff with the occasional artist. The labels don’t seem to like it and ultimately it’s their content,” he added. The music industry itself has been moving away from album exclusives. It was reported last year that record labels were not too interested in fulfilling the appetite for album exclusives that streaming services have. If an album was kept exclusive to one particular streaming service, it meant that labels would lose out on revenue from other services. The only benefit for artists who signed on for exclusives was that they were given significant marketing push by Apple, but it was hard to judge whether the push was bringing in enough new listeners, which in turn meant that it was hard to quantify whether labels were making any good money off of the exclusives. This only goes to show that in the future, exclusive album releases will be limited further as labels are not that willing to provide them. Filed in Apple. Read more about apple music. Related Articles 2017-05-10 Rejected Apple Intern Applicant Reimagines Apple Music 2017-05-09 Amazon Open To Having Apple Music On The Echo 2017-05-09 Spotify Accuses Apple Of Anticompetitive Practices In Europe 2017-04-28 Apple Music And Musical.ly Team Up For Music Video Clips 2017-04-27 Upcoming Puff Daddy Documentary Will Be Exclusive To Apple Music Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban Police Warn Of New ‘108’ Siri Prank Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of Apple Devices Analyst Claims Next iPhone Will Represent A ‘Paradigm Shift’ Study Finds That iPhones Have A High Failure Rate iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​SAP's Plattner wants to work with Apple to build voice recognition Admitting SAP was late to the party with its adoption of artificial intelligence, SAP co-founder Hasso Plattner wants to see his company look to the expertise of others when it comes to voice recognition. By Asha McLean | May 17, 2017 -- 17:28 GMT (10:28 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Hasso Plattner at SAP Sapphire Now Image: Asha McLean/ZDNet SAP co-founder and chairman of the SAP Supervisory Board professor Hasso Plattner has praised the work Apple has done when it comes to voice recognition, touting Siri as the benchmark his company should strive towards. Speaking with journalists at Sapphire Now in Orlando on Wednesday, Plattner admitted that SAP started a little bit late in diving into artificial intelligence (AI). "We have thrown all of the resources we have into machine learning for the next foreseeable future to get as many projects going in order to have an impact," he said, hoping to make up for lost time. "The Googles have been driving for I don't know how many years in the Bay Area -- and all the other ones. AI was there 25 years ago, but it was not fast enough for our type of applications and was outside the system, but now we can apply AI inside the system." Plattner said it is unnecessary to acquire or build such capabilities inside a business when there are others better resourced and more advanced in the space. "I am not running the company anymore -- I can only make recommendations -- but I made the recommendation we restart voice recognition in connection with these new applications and we find ourselves in a world where we have greater capacity," he explained. "I think it is time now -- not all components that we use have to be acquired -- so for example we could work together with Apple." He said Apple would be his first choice and if Tim Cook's company didn't want to work with SAP, then SAP would move down the list onto the next option for voice recognition partnerships. "I think it will be very much the future -- our fastest way of communication is talking," he added. In delivering his keynote on day one of Sapphire Now, SAP CEO Bill McDermott divulged the total spend his company has outlaid on innovation-related products and services. "Since 2010 we've accelerated our innovation strategy," he said. "In fact, we have invested more than $50 billion in innovation to drive your business forward." Such innovations announced on Wednesday include the general availability of its SAP S/4HANA Cloud 1705, which features the general availability SAP Co-Pilot, a digital assistant launched on Tuesday as part of the company's Leonardo digital innovation system. In plain-language, Plattner said Leonardo is a box around a set of tools to build a machine learning system that produces software. "Artificial intelligence solutions are not perfect ... but this boundary is moving and we're getting better every single week," Plattner added. "We can do unbelievable things with AI ... and the system never gets tired." On the topic of AI and the chatter around the machine replacing jobs, Plattner is convinced people will still serve a place. "There are things machines can do better ... but design is pretty much a human task," he said. "Our human brain will not be made superfluous, we will remain in control." Other updates in the company's updated ERP Software-as-a-Service solution include the availability of statutory financial consolidation, SAP S/4HANA Cloud for Finance for credit integration, and SAP digital payments add-on integration; as well as expanded manufacturing processes management; an SAP Project Companion mobile app; and integrations to third-party systems, including creating sales orders for Salesforce automation. "We're not launching a new product here, because S/4HANA has been in the market before," Sven Denecken, SVP product management and co-innovation at SAP, told ZDNet in February. "But we are seeing that the market is picking that up in a much, much higher speed than ever before and that's why we are doubling down on this cloud innovation -- especially for complete entire ERP suites." An update to the SAP Analytics Cloud -- formerly SAP BusinessObjects Cloud -- will also be available this month and will include a new mobile app on iOS, live connections to SAP BW/4HANA, R scripting, enhanced visual linking, and new smart discovery features. The company's SAP Cloud Platform Predictive service also received an upgrade, as did the SAP IT Operations Analytics 2.0 software; and the company also announced support for hybrid datacentres and that its SAP Predictive Analytics software enables machine learning via SAP S/4HANA both on premise and in the cloud. Following the announcement SAP was offering a multicloud environment, integrating with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud, SAP Digital Boardroom now also supports Microsoft Surface Hub. "We have the big three infrastructure providers in the mix ... Yes we neglect the smaller ones which will play no role in our future -- Oracle is one of them," Bernd Leukert, ‎member of the executive board of SAP SE, products & innovation, told journalists in a briefing on Tuesday. Also on Wednesday, SAP Ariba announced a partnership with IBM Watson that will see the pair combining to bring intelligence from procurement data together with predictive insights from unstructured data, in a bid to aid customers with enterprise-wide procurement. read more SAP plots more integrations with Google Cloud Platform SAP's Cloud Platform adds multi-cloud support, business semantics ​SAP sends Leonardo digital innovation system into full swing SAP Q1: Solid profit, accelerated S/4HANA cloud adoption SAP's platform strategy doubles down on cloud, IoT, AI, and user experience SAP and Google Cloud: They actually need each other Disclosure: Asha McLean travelled to Sapphire Now as a guest of SAP. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software Google to add jobs to search, dabbles as HR gatekeeper Enterprise Software ServiceNow buys Qlue, invests in BuildOnMe in chatbot expansion Enterprise Software ​IBM Watson meets SAP Leonardo for cognitive procurement Windows 10 Windows 10 tip: Stop using the horribly insecure SMBv1 protocol × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     May 18, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Breaking News :   NEDA statement on Q1 GDP data     PHL Q1 GDP eases to 6.4%, below gov't target band     Bworldonline.com Weekender Technology Apple plans laptop upgrades as Microsoft enters market Posted on May 18, 2017 APPLE, Inc. plans to announce an update to its laptop lineup at an annual conference for app developers in early June, a move that could help offset new competition from Microsoft Corp. as well as declining iPad sales.    RELATED STORIES HPE unveils computer made for era of Big Data’ Snapchat encourages UK millennials to vote WannaCry ransomware attack eases, hacking group threatens to sell code Eleven-year-old stuns experts showing toys can be ‘weapons’ Amazon adds touchscreen to new Alexa speaker Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple’s cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. Apple and Intel declined to comment. The Mac lineup generates just 11% of the Cupertino, California-based company’s $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries -- the cornerstone of Apple’s resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. The MacBook refresh would also come at an important time for the iPhone-maker. This month, Microsoft Corp. debuted the Surface Laptop, which boots up in seconds, has a touch screen and runs on a more stable version of Windows. Microsoft’s first real laptop is widely considered a viable rival to the MacBook Air. By refreshing its computers, Apple could undercut that competition and continue the Mac’s recent momentum. In the second quarter, the company sold 4.2 million desktops and laptops and generated 14% more revenue on Macs than in the quarter a year earlier. The updated MacBook Pro would look much the same as the latest model and mostly differ in internal architecture, one of the people said. While unclear if it’s ready for this generation, Apple has been working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro model that manages the computer’s low-power mode, Bloomberg News has reported. The planned upgrades wouldn’t mark a major step forward for Apple’s notebook lineup, but they will demonstrate the company’s dedication to a product that has been criticized by the Mac faithful over the past few years. It has been almost seven years since Apple last redesigned the MacBook Air. The most recent MacBook Pro, released more than 500 days after its predecessor, added a Touch Bar keyboard strip for quick access to app functions, a larger trackpad and a fingerprint log-in sensor. Apple last updated the 12-inch MacBook in the spring of 2016 with a rose gold color option, while the MacBook Air has not received a speed boost since 2015. The stall in Mac updates has not been limited to laptops. Apple’s desktops have lagged too, and earlier this year, Apple pledged to release major upgrades to the Mac Pro and iMac with better specifications for expert users in the future. Apple hasn’t announced upgraded hardware at its June developers conference since 2013, when it launched the Mac Pro and updated the MacBook Air. In addition to the new Macs this year, Apple will likely announce an upgraded version of the macOS operating system. At last year’s conference, the company announced the Sierra operating system, which added support for Siri, Apple Pay and iMessage improvements. Apple typically ships the new Mac software upgrades in the fall. -- Bloomberg E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.  BREAKING NEWS NEDA statement on Q1 GDP data PHL Q1 GDP eases to 6.4%, below gov't target band ...more    MORE STORIES Apple plans laptop upgrades as Microsoft enters market HPE unveils computer made for era of Big Data’ Snapchat encourages UK millennials to vote WannaCry ransomware attack eases, hacking group threatens to sell code Eleven-year-old stuns experts showing toys can be ‘weapons’ Amazon adds touchscreen to new Alexa speaker Cell phones ring changes for Nigeria’s music industry Banks worldwide see growing cyber threat New particle accelerator at CERN may help both doctors and art sleuths Switch to online shopping is hurting Coke -- CEO    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. PHL construction growth seen among world’s leaders -- BMI 2. Substitute bill cuts gov’t tax take 3. PSEi rallies for a second session on foreign buying 4. Megawide net income dips in Q1 5. Cayetano confirmed; Ubial, Taguiwalo wait again 1. Heartbreaking loss 2. Olynyk who? 3. Central bank seen to turn hawkish this year 4. No NBI detention for Napoles, as graft court orders transfer to Camp Bagong Diwa 5. Remittances rise to record $2.6B in March on exchange rate swings © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Pulling weeds: AVFPD prepares for fire season with hazard abatement program Wednesday May 17, 2017 at 10:46 AM May 17, 2017 at 11:11 AM Staff Reports APPLE VALLEY — Fire season has officially begun in the High Desert — and the Apple Valley Fire Protection District is helping residents get a head start with its Hazard Abatement program. One of the district’s fire prevention programs, the Hazard Abatement program aims to protect the community by making sure combustible vegetation and debris are removed from properties to reduce the available amount of fuel for fires. “With the heavy rains this year, we have experienced an over-abundance of weed growth,” officials said. Initial inspections began in September last year and will continue through August. Over 25,000 parcels are inspected annually during the program. Properties that are identified to have hazards will receive an abatement notice and are typically given 30 days to complete the abatement. A secondary inspection will be conducted after the deadline to ensure the property was brought into compliance with abatement standards. In cases of noncompliance, officials said the AVFPD may have the hazard abated at the property owner’s expense. If a parcel has already been re-inspected and cleared earlier in the year and a new complaint is received, a new notice will be generated for that property, as well as the properties in the surrounding area. Residents that have received an abatement notice may want to get rid of the hazardous materials by obtaining a burn permit. This permit allows residents to burn yard vegetation, such as weeds, tumble weeds, grasses, leaves, pine needles and small tree trimmings — no larger than 2 inches in diameter. Officials say residents cannot burn processed wood — lumber, building/construction debris, cardboard, paper — tires or household garbage. Burn permit applications are available and sold at the AVFPD Headquarters Station, 22400 Headquarters Drive, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m to 5 p.m. Burn permits are $15, can be paid for by cash, check, or credit/debit card, and are valid one year from the date of purchase. Anyone who would like more information on the Hazard Abatement program or how to keep properties clear of combustible hazards may contact the AVFPD’s Hazard Abatement Inspector at 760-247-3585 or send an email to hazard@applevalleyfd.com. Residents must provide the hazardous property address and contact information for a follow-up. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
clock menu more-arrow Big Blue View Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Sections Library Giants Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub More Fanposts Fanshots Sections New York Giants News Giants Training Camp 2016 Giants vs. Eagles 2015, Week 17 Full Archive Library Big Blue View Community Guidelines Need Giants Gear? Get It Here Giants Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Giants News Yahoo Giants Team Page Yahoo Giants Report Yahoo Giants Depth Chart Yahoo Giants Transactions Yahoo Giants Photos Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ New York Giants News 90-man roster: Will Eli Apple take a step forward? New, 87 comments Cornerback had a good rookie season by Ed Valentine@bigblueview May 17, 2017, 12:00pm EDT tweet share pin Rec Eli Apple William Hauser-USA TODAY Sports By now, we have been over this a million — maybe a gazillion — times. Eli Apple was not the player anyone expected the New York Giants to end up with 10th overall in the 2016 NFL Draft. That’s what happened, however, and it worked out pretty well for the New York defense as Apple became a regular on one of the league’s best defenses. Can Apple, who played only two years of college football at Ohio State and doesn’t turn 22 until August, take a step forward in 2017? Let’s take a closer look at Apple as we continue our player-by-player profiles of the Giants’ 90-man roster. 2016 Season in Review With Janoris Jenkins and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie as established starters the early expectation was that Apple would ease into the NFL by having to earn snaps in the slot. That did not, however, turn out to be the case. Using a bit of forward-thinking by putting Apple’s development as the outside corner they hoped he would become first, the Giants left their first-round pick on the outside and pushed Rodgers-Cromartie into the slot. That worked out better than the Giants could have hoped. Despite some typical rookie struggles, Apple held his own. The surprise was that Rodgers-Cromartie, a flop in the slot with the Philadelphia Eagles earlier in his career, thrived in the role for the Giants. Statistically, Apple played 14 games with 11 starts. He had 49 tackles, seven passes defensed, an interception, a forced fumble and a pair of fumble recoveries. Apple ended up with a Pro Football focus grade of 55.9, 86th among 111 qualifying cornerbacks. Vernon Hargreaves, selected 11th overall by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, had a 52.6 grade. Apple was named to Gil Brandt’s All-Rookie Team. 2017 Season Outlook There is no reason to believe Apple won’t once again start on the outside opposite Jenkins, and that he won’t improve upon his performance as a rookie. Apple said recently that he is “just now getting comfortable” with being an NFL player. That comfort, and the experience and confidence gained from a year of playing at the NFL level, should lead to an improved, more consistent performance from Apple. The Giants may not have planned to select Apple. He is, however, well on his way to making them glad that they did. Next Up In New York Giants News Will these former practice squad players make Giants roster? Landon Collins appears on “Big Blue Chat,” more headlines 90-man roster: Does UDFA CB DaShaun Amos have a chance? Football Outsiders: Giants will only win eight games Five things I think I think: Giants’ five best position battles 90-man roster: Is there a role for TE Jerell Adams? Trending Will these former practice squad players make Giants roster? Can any of the players from the Giants’ 2016 practice squad make the leap to the final roster? LeGarrette Blount won’t be a Giant, will be an Eagle Giants reportedly had an offer on the table for veteran running back Five things I think I think: Giants’ five best position battles Where will the most interesting training camp competitions take place? This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Google launches The Google Assistant, announces… Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding… Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple… Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: SainSmart UNO for Arduino Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… Daily Deal: iMazing 2 Universal License GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs By Dan Pye ● 17 hours ago Apple has launched its Today at Apple website to support the company’s new educational programs, allowing users to select their local Apple Store and see which programs are available. The site provides the ability to sort by date and type of training, and adds in results from nearby Apple Stores to expand the range of programs that users can select. Clicking on the Details button attached to any event provides a brief description of the training offered and directions for those looking to attend. All of the programs are free to attend. On a related note, Apple Stores around the world revamped their store layouts last night to accommodate the new requirements for the tutorials. Comments « Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple Pay goes live in Italy » Related Stories Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple making app-specific passwords mandatory to access iCloud with third-party apps Recent Reviews Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Google launches The Google Assistant, announces… Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding… Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple… Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: SainSmart UNO for Arduino Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… Daily Deal: iMazing 2 Universal License GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties By Dan Pye ● 15 hours ago Qualcomm is suing four Apple suppliers over withholding royalties, Reuters reports. The move is the latest in an ongoing battle between Qualcomm and Apple over licensing payments Qualcomm charges for the use of patents the company holds on several integral components used in iPhones. Apple suspended all licensing payments to Qualcomm last month, and Qualcomm’s latest filing goes after Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics for their part in the proxy war. “While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay,” Qualcomm said in a statement. Apple has agreed to indemnify its partners against any damages resulting from their refusal to pay Qualcomm, but Qualcomm is now seeking a court order to force the manufacturers to comply with existing contractual obligations. Comments « Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India » Related Stories Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple making app-specific passwords mandatory to access iCloud with third-party apps Recent Reviews Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Familiarity in Google's newly unveiled services By Associated Press Published: 13:39 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 15:30 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) - The Latest on Google's sneak peek of services and gadgets (all times local): 12:20 p.m. Google is announcing a lot of bells and whistles Wednesday - but a good chunk of them are already being done by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O conference, Wednesday, May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) It's a common theme these days, as tech giants and even their plucky startup rivals are copying each other's tools and features, sometimes improving on them and sometimes barely catching up. Google, for example, added features to its internet-connected Home speaker - such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon's Echo speaker. Google also unveiled Lens, which lets people point their camera at things to find out more information about them. Samsung is trying to some of that with its new Bixby Vision feature on the Galaxy S8 phones. Though not a competitor, Google's slimmed-down phone operating system aimed at cheap Android phones is reminiscent of Facebook's own "skinny" version, called Facebook Lite. Both are aimed at getting more people to use the company's services, even if they live in developing countries and use cheap, older phones. ___ Noon Google is developing a stand-alone virtual-reality headset - one that doesn't need a companion phone or personal computer. Google says that it'll be able to optimize all components that way. It's also bringing positional tracking, which recognizes movement as people walk around. That's typically limited to high-end systems such as the Oculus Rift from Facebook. Lower-end systems such as Google Cardboard and Samsung's Gear VR can detect head orientation, but aren't designed for full movement. HTC and Lenovo will make the first stand-alone VR headsets using Google's system. The devices won't be out until later in the year. Prices haven't been announced. Google is making the announcement in California on Wednesday at its annual conference for app developers. ___ 11:55 a.m. Google wants to bring Android to more people around the world. It has launched a program for cheaper, entry-level devices. Android Go is basically a "skinny" version of Android "O," the next operating system from Google. Android powers more than 80 percent of the world's smartphones, but only a portion of them have the fastest processors and a high amount of memory. Android Go is meant to work on phones used by many people in emerging countries, for example. It's a way for Google to help make Android-based smartphones even more ubiquitous around the world. It includes rebuilt Google apps and a redesigned Play store for devices with less than 1 gigabyte of memory. These devices will automatically get Android Go instead of the full version. Going forward, Google says every Android release will have a Go version. ___ 11:40 a.m. The next version of Google's Android operating system wants to make using your phone easier, faster and more secure. Google provided a peek at the software's upcoming features Wednesday during its annual conference for computer programmers. So-called "wise" limits will gauge and control how much battery life your apps are using. A feature called Google Play Protect, meanwhile, will scan all your apps for malicious software. A "beta" test version is available on Wednesday. The operating system won't be released to the mass market until later this year. By then, Google will name the system after a dessert or sweet-tasting snack beginning with the letter "O'' as part of a years-old tradition. Android powers more than 80 percent of the world's smartphones, but it often takes years for a new version of the software to make it on older models. Apple plans to provide unveil changes to the operating system for its popular iPhone next month. ___ 11 a.m. Google says new tools will encourage sharing of photos that you might have meant to share - but forgot. Google Photos will be able to suggest which photos to share and whom to share them with. The company envisions a world in which amazing photos are no longer left on people's phones because other pressing things in life got in the way. Facebook has been trying to address this issue as well with its Moments app. Google says you can also choose to share entire photo libraries or portions of them if you wish. For example, a couple could decide to share all photos they take of their kids, or pet iguana. The company is realizing the evolving ways in which people take and share photos, and recognizing that even with a bevy of photo-sharing social media tools like Instagram and Facebook, sometimes people just want to share regular photos. ___ 10:55 a.m. Google's internet-connected Home speaker is ready to take on more chores in an attempt to become at least as versatile as Amazon's Echo. There's hands-free calling, a feature Amazon just added to Echo. Google says Home will also feature "proactive assistance," which means notifying you ahead of time if you need to leave early to beat traffic, for example. Google is also adding more music and video services to Home. The new abilities announced Wednesday will also enable the Home speaker to control and interact with a variety of Whirlpool and Jenn-Air appliances later this year. For instance, you can ask the digital assistant within Home to turn on the dishwasher or set the temperature on the oven. The Alexa assistant on Amazon's Echo has already learned to perform thousands of different tasks. Its wider range stems, in part, from its head start on Google's Home device, which just came out in November. ___ 10:40 a.m. Google's digital assistant is hoping to outsmart Siri on Apple's iPhone. Google is releasing its voice-controlled assistant on a free app designed for iPhone's operating system on Wednesday. The move extends the potential reach of Google's assistant, which debuted last fall on the company's Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Siri has come as a built-in service on iPhones since 2011; Google's assistant will require an app download. Both assistants can be summoned with a press of a button to answer questions, manage schedules and handle other routine tasks. Google is also adding new skills to the assistant, incorporating its "lens" tool, which lets people point their cameras at things to get more information about them. Google believes its assistant can get people what they want more quickly because it draws upon the knowledge that the company has accumulated while running the world's most popular search engine. ___ 10:25 a.m. Google's latest tool lets you point your phone's camera at places and objects to get information about them. You can find out the type of flower by pointing at it, for example, or get reviews for a restaurant you're walking by. The tool can extract Wi-Fi login and password when you point to a sheet with that information. CEO Sundar Pichai says the new Google Lens is a set of vision-based computing capabilities that can understand what you are looking at. It will first be available as part of Google's assistant and photos products. Pinterest has a similar tool. Also called lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Google is unveiling the new feature at a conference in California on Wednesday. ___ 10 p.m. Tuesday Google is about to provide the latest peek at its digital services and gadgets as it seeks to become an even more influential force in people's lives. The overview will come Wednesday during Google's annual conference for thousands of computer programmers. Google is expected to give the crowd a look at new twists in its Android software for mobile devices. Executives are also likely to detail plans for expanding the reach and capabilities of a voice-controlled digital assistant currently available on some smartphones and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Some of the unveiled products won't be out until later this year. Many of Google's products are vying against similar offerings from Apple, Amazon and Microsoft. Wednesday's keynote takes place at an outdoor theater near the company's Mountain View, California, headquarters. Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O conference, Wednesday, May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens and updates to the Google Assistant during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference, Wednesday, May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party after Cannes Film Festival opening gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule red carpet as the Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling star... but there's ALREADY been a wardrobe malfunction! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Tum-thing amazing! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Rocked a revealing bra Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign Flaunted her assets in skimpy undies Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  EXCLUSIVE: 'We know it's cringe, but it doesn't put us off': MIC's Ryan Libbey brands Louise Thompson 'The One as he has his say on THOSE workout videos Little Mix's Jesy Nelson puts on racy display in plunging bra and knickers as she poses with 'sidekick' Leigh-Anne Pinnock in cheeky Instagram post 'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Two is the magic number 'You're famous enough!' Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd BANS her from breastfeeding on social media... as fans call for Mummy Diaries spin-off  The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii Enjoyed a cute picnic in Hawaii  Abs-ey Clancy! Britain's Next Top Model judge goes braless beneath sheer crochet crop top with jeans as she tends to NAKED contestants on finale MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in thong as she floods Instagram with holiday snaps from her sixth getaway in five months One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in gold gown as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as she dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled pins in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer Every rose has is thorn. And it looked like Scott Ariel Winter channels The Little Mermaid as she becomes a redhead after a long day at hair salon in Los Angeles Finally taking after her namesake 'Please send healing prayers': Chloe Lattanzi shares an emotional tribute to her mother Olivia Newton-John as she battles a spinal and nerve condition Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewellery collection  Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' The 33-year-old star said: 'Yes' 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs Offered supportive words Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 A new rumoir That's cheeky! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty as in a G-string during bizarre 'workout'... after THAT naked selfie Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  New hair, don't care! Katie Price unveils bubblegum pink 'do after teasing transformation... just hours after going on Loose Women with brunette locks How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who has wowed leading ladies That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Eating well Jessie Wallace is casually chic in chiffon shirt and trendy shades as promotes spin-off series Redwater at BBC Radio 2 with Shane Richie Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs Karrueche Tran celebrates BFF J.Ryan La Cour's 30th birthday party with Christina Milian in WeHo Chris Brown did not get an invite   In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting event in Paris She's the belle of THIS ball! Vogue Williams wows in blue strapless gown at the Edinburgh Global Gift Gala... after being 'banned' from Pippa's wedding  Josie Gibson shows off her flawless hourglass frame as she oozes Hollywood glamour in classic gown at Global Gift Gala in Edinburgh The Global Gift that keeps on giving! Ashley James dazzles in futuristic sequinned gown as she attends Eva Longoria's second charity fundraiser Going for a spin! Mariska Hargitay shows off her white tulle overcoat while posing on the red carpet at the star-studded Paley Honors event Meghan Markle gets into UK and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa's weekend wedding Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas is joined by wife Daniella Semaan as they support Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez's partners at Barcelona store launch  James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA Angelic in a white suit  Nicole Murphy shows off curvaceous figure in maxi dress while dropping her pampered pups before shopping with mom Shopping with her mum 'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'We're all doing great': Cheryl breaks her silence on motherhood and jokes about baby son Bear PEEING on her as she returns to social media Amber Rose 'slept while intruder broke into her house and stayed for four hours'... but nothing was stolen Made a shocking discovery  Keeping her close! Protective Ruby Rose places an arm around girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as the besotted pair stroll together in Los Angeles Getting the chop! Elsa Pataky debuts her new micro bob as she pouts for the camera in fun selfie Elsa Pataky debuted her new micro bob Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewellery range That's something to smile about! Yahya Abdul-Mateen beams as he gets driven to the set of superhero film Aquaman in a limo Driven to work She's a real page turner! Ashley Graham displays hourglass figure in black cutout dress at New York book signing Showed confidence Justice served, twice! Victoria brings her sister Madison to Pirates Of The Caribbean celebration in Beverly Hills Four years her senior 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to this weekend instead of original October date Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt... after talking the future of Big Little Lies She's booty-ful! Wild haired Sofia Vergara shows off her incredible figure in tight jeans for shopping outing Enjoyed some retail therapy with a friend hirley Ballas is spotted for the first time since being announced as the new head judge on Strictly as she cheers on her dancer son Mark in LA stage show Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi puts on a VERY eye-popping display in low-cut scarlet gown as she makes titillating arrival at Guide Dogs Awards 'I want to inspire people and find a solution': Chris Hemsworth announces his new environmental role to protect the ocean from plastic Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Firing Blanks! Tori Spelling, 44, works on shedding post-baby weight in birthday workout with Tai Bo fitness guru Billy It's slipping off Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to beau Tristan Thompson Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills Holly Willough-BUM-by! Television presenter shows off her very pert derriere in a very sexy pair of skinny jeans as she leaves restaurant She's got it all The nice middle-class girl who's shattered millions of teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' She's doing it Wright! Busty Kate accentuates her assets in form fitting white top and fitted skirt as she steps out following sunshine break in Italy Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mother Carole as forecasters warn of weekend downpours (while James squeezes in some shoe shopping) 'As far as I know, she hasn't said yes': Zac Efron denies he is dating stunning Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario after THAT 'kiss' photo They play love interests Is THIS what Pippa's £40,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? 'A sex scene is too easy!' Elsa Pataky says she was 'comfortable' doing takes in the bedroom with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth for their film Horse Soldiers 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Oh my!  Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat there crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat at annual Yulin Festival after her years of advocacy work Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Did Gigi introduce Taylor to her new British boyfriend? Singer's best friend met middleclass boy from north London on a modelling shoot as he bid for fame in acting Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Derren Brown's show in NYC 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Val Kilmer claims prayer healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   EXCLUSIVE: 'How Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair for the first time  'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost ReBranding? Former bad boy Russell looks every inch the doting dad as he carries daughter Mabel on family day out with fiancée Laura Gallacher Victoria Silvstedt looks chic in classic trench coat and oversized sunglasses as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival 'I didn't enjoy the wedding!' Katie Price admits her lavish £1m nuptials with ex Peter Andre were far from enjoyable as it became 'ridiculous showcase' Now he really is a N*E*R*D! Pharrell receives an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree while giving the commencement address at New York University Hatching a bigger family! Tori Spelling gets surprised as Dean McDermott and five kids give her a baby chick for 44th birthday gift 'I will always be the naked girl on a wrecking ball': Miley Cyrus admits she'll never live down raunchy video and has nightmares about it playing at her funeral Wear it one way Ora-nother! Rita dons two pairs of quirky trousers with a heavy knit blue fleece as she touches down in London Changing it up A day off from her Louboutins! Jennifer Lopez is far from glam in baggy clothes and work boots as she shoots Shades Of Blue in NYC A lord and his lady: Lisa Marie Presley ex Michael Lockwood shares a steamy kiss with mystery blond as the pair get their palms read at Renaissance Faire 'I tried to dance on a stripper pole... and I had a BLAST': Defiant Jennifer Lawrence responds after racy footage emerges of her on wild night out at X-rated club  'I was terrified': Top Gun's Kelly McGillis testifies in court as woman who 'broke into her house and attacked her' goes on trial Jennifer Aniston helps Jimmy Kimmel pull prank on Justin Theroux by wrapping his Mercedes-Benz in a giant Emmy nomination advertisement Justin Timberlake rocks hot-pink sneakers during hand-in-hand NYC stroll with wife Jessica Biel Paris Jackson shares rare photo of brother Blanket, 15, before deleting post... as family prepares for eight-year anniversary of Michael's death Abbey days are here again! Michelle Dockery steps out in NYC sporting a smile... following news that Downton is 'set to begin shooting this autumn' Still a Danish treat! Helena Christensen stuns at 48 as she flashes her flesh in cute baby blue sundress while stepping out in NYC Good Samaritan Donna Air rushes to the aid of an injured gentleman after he falls and hurts his head in the middle of a busy London street  Former presenter  TOWIE's Lauren Pope shows off her long legs in a white flared jumpsuit with a sheer top as she steps out in style Looked full of confidence The billion dollar power couple: Jay Z and Beyonce's combined wealth soars to $1.16bn Jay Z and Beyonce are a billion-dollar couple according to one estimate She means business! Caprice looks stunning in a chic LBD as attends first public event since recovering from brain tumour operation  'Does it make me angry? No': Goldie Hawn, 71, talks ageism in Hollywood as she shows her playful side in Harper's Bazaar shoot Vicky Pattison poses in a bra top for very cheeky phone snap... before sharing topless image of herself in tight jeans Big Little Lies star Iain Armitage takes on Jim Parsons' role in first trailer for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon He's nine years old The Bluths are back! Arrested Development starring Jason Bateman and Will Arnett is officially renewed for season five on Netflix Cookie kicks back! Taraji P. Henson is seen rapping, singing, and dancing around on set in hilarious viral video - after being secretly filmed by cheeky Empire co-stars 'No-holds-barred, better than ever': Kerry Washington promises lots of drama for Scandal's seventh and final season Dakota Fanning looks out-of-this-world pretty in layered polka-dot dress to plug The Alienist at Turner Upfront presentation EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp demands judge unseal whistleblower testimony in fraud case against ex-managers who claim the actor spent $75m on 14 homes Raiding the piggy bank? Peru Two Drugs Mule Michaella McCollum wears £1495 YSL bag and skintight orange mini to go partying in Liverpool Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impeccably toned abs and tiny waist in a bandeau bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at Cannes Film Festival 13 Reasons Why I am in Australia! Star of hit Netflix series Katherine Langford touches down in Perth for family visit after runaway success of TV series   Liam Payne reveals he was freaked out by pregnant Cheryl twerking as he discusses the hands-on mum and his desire to name their son 'Arthur' Gisele Bundchen says her husband Tom Brady has suffered multiple unreported brain injuries while playing for the New England Patriots Concussion last year 'Didn't she get the memo?' Demi Lovato is accused of cultural appropriation for wearing dreadlock-style hair in her latest music video Quilty pleasures: Lily Rose Depp wears clingy red patchwork print dress as she leaves her hotel in Cannes  Ready for the opening gala that evening Eva seen something so sterling? Supermodel Herzigová, 44, flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in dazzling silver gown at Cannes Film Festival Princess Sofia of Spain, 10, beams with pride as she celebrates her First Communion alongside her picture-perfect family  Resplendent  'Freedom is no fear': Halle Berry, 50, strips NAKED as she flaunts her incredible figure for inspirational snap Showed off her sensational figure  Scarlet siren: Jessica Chastain exudes elegance in a show-stopping jumpsuit as she joins the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury  Can she be Moore perfect? Julianne, 56, looks ravishing as she shows off her svelte legs in chic mini-dress at Cannes yacht party Classic in black Jimmy Fallon says he was 'devastated' by negative press after he ruffled Donald Trump's hair Stephen Colbert gives CBS its longest winning streak in seven years Taylor Swift's stalker Mohammed Jaffar held on $20K bond for loitering outside her Tribeca apartment Jaffar, who did not attend Tuesday's hearing SPOILER ALERT: Rumours of an affair run rife on Coronation Street as Kevin Webster is spotted meeting Erica Holroyd at a hotel Stealthy meet-up 'It's the easy way out': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, discusses contemplating suicide in tell-all Loose Women interview Difficulty adjusting Talk to the palm: Pixie Lott wears tropical swimsuit with embellished 'baby' jacket as she heads to radio studios Promoting new single Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her hourglass curves in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a girls' holiday in Ibiza £4K surgery spend 'New way of travelling!' Jemma Lucy courts controversy as she goes for ride on the bonnet of a MOVING car... and blames it on her 'sore' bum lift 'The transformation was amazing!': Alexandra Daddario reveals she gained weight to get those ripped abs for her Baywatch bikini 'I just want to be the best father I can be': Matthew Morrison of Glee fame reveals he is expecting a baby with his wife Renee Due in autumn A$AP Rocky's LA mansion burgled by armed robbers that make off with $1.5m worth of gems... but neither the rapper nor Kendall were there Elle Fanning looks effortlessly cute in an A-line teadress as she frolics about in the sea during the Cannes Film Festival In her element Leggy Bella Hadid looks angelic in white plunging silk bralet and matching mini skirt ahead of the Cannes Film Festival opening gala Screen sirens Monica Bellucci and Marion Cotillard get Cannes off to a glamorous start as they dazzle in elegant ensembles at Film Festival photocalls  Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he arrives for War Machine premiere in NYC Poor post-divorce diet? 'Hopefully we can go on!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is doing all she can to bring Big Little Lies Season 2 to the small screen  It's 'in talks' She's not sweating it! Ivanka Trump steps out in soaring D.C. temperatures wearing a sweater and trousers, after getting a visit from her glam squad Chloe Khan bares painful-looking scars on her legs as she slips into tiny white hotpants after bum lift surgery in Turkey More cosmetic surgery? Co-founder of Little Caesars and TV queen Oprah Winfrey are at the top of Forbes richest self-made women's list The list comprises the 60 wealthiest women 'Couldn't resist!' Phillip Schofield TERRIFIES Holly Willoughby on This Morning during ghost segment... while Peter Andre's paranormal investigation falls flat Lauryn Goodman wears one of her trademark plunging halterneck swimsuits as she gives paddle boarding a go in the Maldives Anne Hathaway emerges from WeHo gym flushed and sweaty in ultra-sheer Nike tank top She has a 14-month-old son  'I didn't know what I was getting myself into': Kylie Jenner flaunts her toned legs in stripped back snaps as she discusses perils of growing up in spotlight 'It's so romantic': Ore Oduba and wife Portia put on a cosy display in Cannes... but leave viewers cringing after VERY awkward chat with Cheryl's ex JB Getting some vitamin sea! Ex On The Beach's Helen Briggs and Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly sport skimpy swimsuits as they hit Ibiza My, what a big bed! Inside Pippa's fiancé's £13m bachelor pad - complete with a four-poster bed,  roof terrace and hot tub... and picture of a topless woman She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston 'It's very bizarre': Tess Ward breaks her silence on Harry Styles romance rumours as she lashes out at hateful comments from his fans Subjected to hate mail Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her curves in a red string bikini in Cape Verde... as fiancé Alex Bowen tattoos her initials on his finger  Ladies' night! Model Ella Ross wows in a bra-baring top as she enjoys night on the town... after rumoured beau Scott Disick is seen taking Bella Thorne to dinner Singer Elle King's husband Andrew Ferguson 'was arrested for domestic violence weeks before she announced secret marriage... then split' Charlie Dimmock reveals how to make ANY garden bloom in time for summer no matter how big or small (plus her tips work for total beginners)  'Matching underwear makes me feel good': Ashley James shows off her toned curves in sheer nude lingerie as she poses for a daring snap  Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... but still lives at home  An A-list actor, a club DJ, a Jonas Brother, a pop star and a former President's great nephew: A look back at Taylor Swift's VERY colourful love life The absolute cheek! Chantelle Connelly flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere as she strips off for sizzling naked shower in Spain Jessica Wright displays her hourglass curves in sexy figure-hugging black dress as she continues Dubai getaway with glamorous night out Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Now plaid's an arrival! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her toned legs in double breasted blazer-inspired dress as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival Smiling Lindsay Lohan looks sartorially savvy in biker jacket and skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Flame-haired beauty Princess Beatrice channels off-duty chic in a trendy biker jacket for a night at celebrity haunt Chiltern Firehouse in London Under the radar  'Baewatch moment': Kate Wright flaunts her ample assets and hourglass curves in a skimpy scarlet swimsuit Setting pulses racing in Baywatch red Lily-Rose Depp hits the beach in an orange sundress as she relaxes in Cannes... before enjoying dinner date with co-star Natalie Portman PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross take a night off from their parental duties as they step out arm-in-arm for romantic meal Photogenic couple Cheeky Elizabeth Olsen unwittingly gives onlookers an eyeful as she flashes her derriere in a floral midi dress She's been blessed with an incredible figure Sharon Osbourne 'renews wedding vows with husband Ozzy in intimate Las Vegas ceremony'... a year after rocker's cheating scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend Feeling Friel, Anna? Actress, 40, hides behind large shades as she is seen for the first time since getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Not a Material Girl? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon keeps it VERY casual in green sportswear as she carries a pink plastic bag through NYC Bat Mum! Make-up free Fergie takes her little Batman Axl, 3, out for pizza in his superhero fancy dress costume  Ice Cream and pizza Newly slender Jonah Hill shows he's managed to maintain his weight loss as he steps out in shorts and a hoodie for solo stroll  Shrinking man Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne has split amicably from furniture-maker Ben  Jourdan Dunn flaunts her svelte frame in plunging black dress for P Diddy film screening... before debuting stunning new pixie haircut on Instagram Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Let's hope it doesn't rain on your big day! Pippa is spotted with her mother Carole overseeing final details at the church (while her fiance shoe shops) Nearly ready? Pippa Middleton's fiance James Matthews pops out for a spot of last-minute shoe shopping before the big day on Saturday Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Apple / Apple may refresh its MacBooks next month but the iPad Mini is on the chopping block Apple may refresh its MacBooks next month but the iPad Mini is on the chopping block Matthew Wilson 14 hours ago Apple Apple’s annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) is just around the corner, which means there are announcements ahead. According to the most recent reports, WWDC will be kicking off with hardware upgrades to the 12-inch MacBook and the MacBook Pro lineup. However, the iPad Mini might be on the chopping block, meaning we may never see an updated version to Apple’s mini tablet. Let’s start off by talking about the new MacBooks. According to sources speaking with Bloomberg, Apple will be kitting out the MacBook and MacBook Pro with updated Kaby Lake processors. On top of that, the MacBook Air may also get an update though the report doesn’t have too many details on that front, straying away from things like an updated ‘Retina’ display. Out of the three, a MacBook Air update would be the most surprising, given that Apple has seemingly forgotten about its original ‘thin and light’ in recent years. It is currently the only Apple laptop to not feature a retina display, which goes to show how long it has been. Now let’s move on to the iPad Mini. While the iPad lineup still sells fairly well, right now, the Mini is being burned at both ends. The original iPad Mini launched at a time when Apple was still straying away from larger phone displays. However, now with the 5.5-inch iPhone Plus models on the market, the iPad Mini makes less sense. According to sources speaking with BGR, Apple’s new 9.7-inch iPad simply offers better value, it has a larger display, has better hardware and is even cheaper than the iPad Mini 4. This, combined with the fact that the iPhone 6/7 Plus are taking sales away, is apparently leading Apple to discontinue the iPad Mini going forward. KitGuru Says: The original iPad Mini and iPad Mini 2 were both seen as good value at the time. However, things have changed significantly since then, especially with the Plus-sized iPhone now being so popular. Do you guys prefer smaller sized tablets? Do you think there is still a market for them, even with larger smartphones becoming the norm? Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple ipad mini MacBook news WWDC Previous Hackers holding Pirates of the Caribbean 5 to ransom Check Also The FBI’s iPhone hack ended up costing $900,000 One of the biggest stories of 2016 was the Apple V FBI encryption and privacy … Polls Likely cost of your next earphones (not headphones)? Under £10 £10 to £20 £20 to £50 £50 to £100 Over £100 Always use headphones View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Best iPhone 7 Plus Deals: The best pay monthly deals in May 2017 Best iPhone 7 Plus Deals: The best pay monthly deals in May 2017 by Catherine Hood 21 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Here are our top picks for the best iPhone 7 Plus deals around right now. We've thoroughly scoured the market to bring you the most wallet-friendly and best value deals for what's arguably one of Apple's flashiest handsets, and they're all here for you in one place. With deals from the UK's most popular networks, along with a variety of data, call and text bundles, you'll be spoiled for choice. While the iPhone 7 Plus might be one of the most coveted phones on the market, that doesn't mean you have to remortgage your house to have one in your pocket. One of our favourite picks is a great O2 deal that makes the iPhone 7 Plus yours for just £27 per month. In even better news, you can use our exclusive voucher code to save some money on deals with an upfront cost. Just enter TRUSTED10 at the checkout with select deals listed below to save £10! Related: Best iPhone 7 deals Should you buy an iPhone 7 Plus? The iPhone 7 is a phablet, which means it's loitering somewhere between a phone and a tablet. Its expansive 5.5-inch screen is a Full HD retina monster, capable of displaying a striking colour range. Photos, videos and, of course, Netflix, all look amazing on the iPhone 7 Plus. It's not all about size, though, and Apple's latest handset has plenty of luscious features to drool over elsewhere. It has dual cameras on the back, with one providing advanced zoom capabilities. There's a cool soft focus feature, too, making your shots look dreamy and semi-pro. It also has a fantastic battery life – even better than its sibling the iPhone 7. In fact, we'd say that this supersized phone is better value than the iPhone 7 overall. If you can handle the omission of a headphone jack and get used to using Bluetooth headphones, you'll fall wildly in love with the iPhone 7 Plus. Want to know more? Read our full iPhone 7 Plus Review. Editor's Pick iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £170 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 3GB data | £29 per month Our Editor's Pick this month offers the best 24-month cost for the iPhone 7 Plus, with an incredibly reasonable payment plan on O2 to make your phone contract a mere speck on your monthly bills. That's thanks to an upfront lump sum of £170 – which is totally manageable if you've planned in advance to grab Apple's luxury phablet. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £866 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best Value iPhone 7 Plus Deal iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £200 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 3GB data | £27 per month This mid-level deal with O2 is offers a couple of minor adjustments on the Editor's Pick. It has a slightly bigger upfront cost but even lower monthly payments. Again, if you've got the spare cash, a deal like this will save you money in the long-term. 3GB of data is more than enough for the average mobile user, too. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £848 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best Big Data iPhone 7 Plus Deal iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £19 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 30GB data | £41 per month We love this big data deal for a number of reasons. Firstly, for its gutsy 30GB of data – we challenge you to burn that out on a series bender. Secondly, its monthly cost is ridiculously reasonable considering the amount of data and the minuscule upfront cost. Snap this deal up quickly if you're a serious downloader/streamer searching for a bargain. Total cost over 24 months: £1003 View this deal at Buymobiles.net Best Free iPhone 7 Plus Deal iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | Free upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 4GB data | £58 per month This is the best deal we could find for getting the iPhone 7 Plus in your hand quickly without having to pay a premium. You do have to sacrifice a little more in monthly costs for the privilege, but the more than decent call, text and data bundle should keep you happy. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1392 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best iPhone 7 Plus deals on EE iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £180 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 5GB data | £32.99 per month EE has some brilliant iPhone 7 Plus deals that keep the overall costs nice and low without making you go without that precious pot of data gold. This 5GB deal is perfect for anyone who doesn't want to worry about tipping their call, text and data limit. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £971.76 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £25 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 10GB data | £47.99 per month Can't help but fire up YouTube every time you get bored waiting for the bus? Need to browse, download and stream on the go more than the average mobile user? If so, 10GB is the perfect amount of data for your needs. We think the cost per month for this deal is great considering the mere £25 EE asks for upfront. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1176.76 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk iPhone 7 Plus 128GB | £84.99 upfront | Unl calls texts | 16GB data | £52.99 per month We think this is EE's best deal on the spacious 128GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus. It offers more data than you could shake a stick at, unlimited calls and texts, and a monthly payment figure that you'll learn to live with if you're desperate for oodles of room for all those HD photos and videos. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1356.75 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best iPhone 7 Plus Deals on O2 iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £115 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 10GB data | £39 per month This is a solid iPhone 7 Plus deal that offers a secure amount of data, bundles of calls and texts, and a wallet-friendly payment plan that doesn't make your jaw drop in horror. It's perfect for anyone who don't want to pick a cheap, data-light deal and regret it later. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1051 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £170 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 3GB data | £29 per month This fabulous deal is also our Editor's Pick for May. We think it offers the best 24-month cost for the iPhone 7 Plus, with an incredibly reason payment plan on O2 to make your phone contract a mere speck on your monthly bills. That's thanks to an upfront lump sum for £170 – which is totally manageable if you've planned in advance to grab Apple's luxury phablet. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £866 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk iPhone 7 Plus 128GB | £184.99 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 5GB data | £44 per month Here's another great deal on the 128GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus. It's a more affordable option than others on this page thanks to a smaller chunk of data – although 5GB is still a great allowance for the avid browser. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1240.99 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best iPhone 7 Plus Deals on Vodafone iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £40 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 4GB data | £42 per month This is another solid deal that should suit anyone who wants that big shiny handset without going overboard on a data allowance they simply won't use. There's no complaining about that super-low upfront cost. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1048 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £160 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 32GB data | £46 per month We think this is an incredibly reasonable deal considering you get 32GB of data to munch through. That upfront sum is nowhere near what some other networks are asking for on data-heavy deals, and we're impressed that the monthly cost doesn't tip £50. Save £10 with voucher code TRUSTED10. Total cost over 24 months: £1264 View this deal at Mobiles.co.uk Best iPhone 7 Plus deals on Three iPhone 7 Plus 32GB | £19 upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 30GB data | £41 per month Say hello to our Big Data deal of the month! We chose it for a number of reasons. Firstly, for its gutsy 30GB of data – we challenge you to burn that out on a YouTube bender. Secondly, its monthly cost is ridiculously reasonable considering the amount of data and the minuscule upfront cost. Snap this deal up quickly if you're a serious downloader/streamer searching for a bargain. Total cost over 24 months: £1003 View this deal at Buymobiles.net iPhone 7 Plus 128GB | Free upfront | Unlimited calls texts | 8GB data | £54 per month We think this is the best Three deal for getting the 128GB iPhone 7 Plus free of cost upfront. You get lots of data, calls and texts on Apple's sought-after phablet for the price of a pair of jeans per month – brilliant. Total cost over 24 months: £1296 View this deal at Buymobiles.net That's all for now, but bookmark this page and check back regularly, as we'll be constantly updating it with all the latest and greatest iPhone 7 Plus deals. Spotted a great iPhone 7 Plus deal we've missed? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Just In 9mins Demonetised currency seized in Thane, three held 14mins Indian scientist Shrinivas Kulkarni wins Dan David Prize 40mins United Breweries shares tank 5 pc as Q4 net drops sharply 44mins Dave — A man passionate about river conservation 51mins German researcher bats for saving Mohenjo Daro, Pak’s lost city 54mins Madhavan talks about changing trends in Indian cinema 1hr Jairam Ramesh condoles death of Anil Dave 1hr Zomato's 17 million user records hacked 1hr British Indian surgeon leads cricket bat design research 1hr Railways to launch redesigned e-tendering system 1hr U.S. cyber bill would shift power away from NSA 1hr Google shifts mobile focus to apps, digital assistant 1hr Sensex gets off record high, dives 222 points 2hrs US names Robert Mueller as special counsel for Russia probe 2hrs Rupee takes more losses, sheds 27 paise Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Apple to ship India-made iPhone soon Share On JUST IN 9mins Demonetised currency seized in Thane, three held 14mins Indian scientist Shrinivas Kulkarni wins Dan David Prize 40mins United Breweries shares tank 5 pc as Q4 net drops sharply 44mins Dave — A man passionate about river conservation 51mins German researcher bats for saving Mohenjo Daro, Pak’s lost city 54mins Madhavan talks about changing trends in Indian cinema 1hr Jairam Ramesh condoles death of Anil Dave 1hr Zomato's 17 million user records hacked 1hr British Indian surgeon leads cricket bat design research 1hr Railways to launch redesigned e-tendering system 1hr U.S. cyber bill would shift power away from NSA 1hr Google shifts mobile focus to apps, digital assistant 1hr Sensex gets off record high, dives 222 points 2hrs US names Robert Mueller as special counsel for Russia probe 2hrs Rupee takes more losses, sheds 27 paise CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Journey through Chennai's underground metro Business Economy Economy Apple to ship India-made iPhone soon Staff Reporter BENGALURU, May 17, 2017 22:33 IST Updated: May 17, 2017 22:33 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Staff Reporter BENGALURU, May 17, 2017 22:33 IST Updated: May 17, 2017 22:33 IST more-in Technology major Apple on Wednesday said the company will soon ship its India-made Apple iPhone SE in the domestic market. According to a source, the U.S.-major plans to do a trial assembling before the full-fledged production starts. The source also said the number of phones assembled at present will be a few and can be increased based on the trials. Wistron, a Taiwanese original-design manufacturer (ODM) company, will assemble the iPhone SE phones out of its facility in Peenya, in Bengaluru. Confirming the development, Apple said, in an official statement, “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month.” In December last, The Hindu had reported that Apple’s contract manufacturing partner Wistron will set up a plant for exclusive assembly of Apple phones in Bengaluru. In February this year, the Karnataka government had issued a press release welcoming Apple’s proposal to commence initial manufacturing operations in the state. With the India-made Apple phone hitting the market, the smartphone major expects to increase its market share in the country. Sources also anticipate a fall in prices, given that local manufacturing has begun. Apple had also announced the setting up of a design and development accelerator in Bengaluru to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in the developer community dedicated to iOS, Apple’s mobile operating system. Post a Comment More In Economy Related Articles << Previous Story Goyal rebuffs RBI on UDAY Next Story >> Mercedes India aims to retain pole position Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 18, 2017 12:39:58 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/apple-to-ship-india-made-iphone-soon/article18475200.ece © The Hindu ‘Air India revival discussions include disinvestment option’ Centre aims to make the carrier a sustainable airline, says Minister Somesh Jha Top Picks in The Hindu today Dave — A man passionate about river conservation Madhavan talks about changing trends in Indian cinema German researcher bats for saving Mohenjo Daro, Pak’s lost city Zomato's 17 million user records hacked British Indian surgeon leads cricket bat design research Rajini will not disappoint 7 cr. Tamils, says his friend Trying times for inmates of Animal Rescue Centre A moving microscope No cheers for this Bahubali ₹225-crore Ram museum in Ayodhya Close X Next Story >> Mercedes India aims to retain pole position CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Dan Price 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Windows 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Today at Apple: Free Educational Classes for Everyone Tech News Today at Apple: Free Educational Classes for Everyone Dave Parrack May 17, 2017 17-05-2017 2 minutes Today at Apple: Free Educational Classes for Everyone Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Apple has launched its new effort to educate us all, with free classes now available at all 495 Apple Stores around the world. Today at Apple is a concerted effort to educate the masses in subjects including coding and photography. All made possible using Apple products, naturally. In April, Apple announced a new initiative Apple Stores Now Offer Free Classes for Everyone Apple Stores Now Offer Free Classes for Everyone Apple Stores around the world will be hosting free classes where all and sundry can learn new skills. Sure, all of these free lessons involve Apple products, but a freebie is a freebie. Read More designed to educate its users in the way of the force various subjects. Most of the subjects are creative in nature, but some, such as coding, are more technical. The one thing they all have in common is they take place in or around Apple Stores. Today at Apple: Education for All Today at Apple has now launched worldwide. To facilitate the initiative, Apple has launched a dedicated website where you can view all available classes and sign up to attend the sessions that interest you. And there’s 4,000 sessions per day to choose from across all 495 Apple Stores. According to Apple’s original press release detailing Today at Apple, the sessions will be “led by highly-trained team members, and in select cities world-class artists, photographers and musicians, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs”. Sessions include Photo Walks teaching photography skills, Sketch Walks teaching art skills, tutorials to help you get more out of Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro X, coding sessions introducing coders to Swift The Best Places to Learn Swift, Apple's Programming Language The Best Places to Learn Swift, Apple's Programming Language If you want to learn Swift, now is the time to dive in. The language has a bright future and the faster you learn it, the sooner you'll be able to reap the rewards. Read More ; and lessons designed to help kids learn to make music and films. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of retail, and the brains behind Today at Apple, said, “We’re creating a modern-day town square, where everyone is welcome in a space where the best of Apple comes together to connect with one another, discover a new passion, or take their skill to the next level. We think it will be a fun and enlightening experience for everyone who joins.” Drawn Into the Apple Ecosystem It should go without saying that this isn’t a selfless act by Apple. Because all of the educational classes being offered utilize Apple products in some way. Whether that’s shooting better photographs on your iPhone, creating art on your iPad, or programming on your Mac. That doesn’t make the classes any less valuable, but it’s something to bear in mind when signing up to attend sessions. Especially if you’re not too deep down the Apple rabbithole. Because a few free classes later, you may find yourself being inextricably drawn into the Apple ecosystem Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget You love your Android phone and want to buy a tablet. Everyone tells you the iPad is the best tablet, and it really is the best; but you should still buy an Android tablet. Read More . What do you think of Today at Apple? Will you be signing up for some classes? Do you trust Apple’s motives here? Or think this is all about getting people to buy more Apple products? Should I stop being so damn cynical? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: Franklin Heijnen via Flickr Previous PostInstagram Adds Selfie Filters, Just Like Snapchat!Next PostBluetooth Not Available? Troubleshooting Mac Connectivity Issues 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Laze May 18, 2017 at 5:58 am For giving our children and the next generation the freedom and will to Choose Today at Apple having undergone tumultuous experiences to acquire their tech assets and gadgets, thank you this is a Breakthrough... LAZE GARCIA Reply Dave Parrack 1452 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet were blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Image Source: Benjamin Geskin Zach Epstein @zacharye May 17th, 2017 at 10:02 AM Share Tweet Apple’s upcoming new iPhone 8 is the most hotly anticipated smartphone since 2014, when news first began to leak that the company would finally release larger iPhones. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus featured the bigger displays users had been clamoring for, and they also sported a sleek new design that Apple fans loved. But now, three years later, Apple’s flagship iPhones still feature a design that is practically identical to the company’s 2014 models. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pack plenty of power and new features, but smartphone fans have clearly grown tired of Apple’s 2014 iPhone design, and sales are slumping as a result. The world is long overdue for a fresh new iPhone design, and Apple fans will finally get what they want in 2017 when Apple unveils its completely redesigned iPhone 8. Now, for the first time ever, consumers will get their first look at Apple’s reimagined iPhone 8 design in real life. Don't Miss: How to protect yourself against WannaCry ransomware This coming September, Apple is expected to unveil three new iPhone models. The iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus are believed to be modest updates to the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. For the first time, however, Apple is expected to make a significant change to an “S” update’s hardware by making the back of the phones glass instead of aluminum. Both new models are expected to support wireless charging, and present technology is unable to pass current as efficiently through metal as it does through glass. Apple’s new iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus will surely be impressive smartphones, but the device everyone is waiting for is the iPhone 8. According to multiple independent reports, the iPhone 8 will feature a bold new design that sandwiches a stainless steel frame between two 2.5D glass panels. The result will supposedly appear seamless, bringing Apple closer than ever to realizing Jony Ive’s dream of an iPhone made of one continuous sheet of glass. The face of the iPhone 8 is expected to feature a new OLED display with a screen-to-body ratio even more impressive than the 83% ratio managed by Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. This will reportedly be achieved in part by shifting around the device’s internal components, but also by completely removing the iPhone’s physical home button. Here is where reports begin to diverge. We know that Apple has been working for years on technology that will allow it to embed a TouchID fingerprint scanner directly into an iPhone’s display, and several reports have said the iPhone 8 will be the first iPhone to feature an embedded fingerprint sensor. But conflicting reports suggest that the required tech isn’t yet mature enough to mass-produce at the scale Apple would require for the iPhone 8, so the company may be forced to move the scanner to the back of the handset, as was the case for Samsung and its Galaxy S8. Everyone hates the iPhone 8 design that has floated around with a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, so we can only hope that Apple and its manufacturing partners found a way to make the embedded scanner work. The bad news is we cannot confirm one way or the other at this time. But the good news is Apple’s iPhone 8 design has seemingly been finalized, and we’re giving the world an exclusive first look at the hotly anticipated tenth-anniversary iPhone. BGR has exclusively obtained photos of an iPhone 8 mockup that is believed to feature Apple’s final design. As has been the case in years past, this mockup is thought to have been built using actual finalized schematics that were leaked from the factories that will build Apple’s next-generation iPhones. The mockup doesn’t feature any indication of a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, however not all markings are present on the dummy, so it’s not clear if this is an indication that the phone’s TouchID sensor will be embedded in the display. These photos show an iPhone 8 design that is largely in line with recent rumors. The phone features 2.5D glass panels on the front and back that curve slightly at their edges. Sandwiched between them is a polished stainless steel midframe that is rounded as well, perfectly continuing the slope of the 2.5D glass. The result is a smooth design that will likely feel seamless in the hand. On the back of the iPhone 8 mockup, we can see an oversized “camera bump” positioned vertically rather than horizontally, as is the case on the iPhone 7 Plus. This area of the phone’s back is thought to house a new dual-lens camera system, as well as an LED flash and a microphone. Apple’s next-generation camera on the iPhone 8 is expected to feature the same optical zoom capability as the iPhone 7 Plus’ camera, but it may also enable exciting new augmented reality features that Apple will announce this coming September. And just in case you’re wondering, no, the iPhone 8 will not have a 3.5mm headphone jack. We have about four months to go before Apple finally takes the wraps off its tenth-anniversary iPhone, and there are still plenty of new details left to leak between now and then. In fact, we still don’t even know what the new handset will be called. While most people currently refer to the phone as the “iPhone 8,” that name has not been confirmed. Other possibilities that have been tossed around include “iPhone X” and “iPhone Edition,” which would align with the high-end Apple Watch Edition. There is indeed much we still do not know, but the iPhone 8’s design now appears to be finalized. While BGR’s exclusive photos give the world its first look at this sleek new design, we can expect to see more iPhone 8 mockups begin to surface as third-party case makers like Ghostek and Spigen get a jump on building cases for Apple’s new iPhone so they’re ready at launch. As regular readers will recall, Ghostek was the first case maker to reveal Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design when renders of its upcoming cases were leaked earlier this year. Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to be unveiled this coming September, though its release may be pushed back to October or November if recent rumors of manufacturing difficulties end up being accurate. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life 2 Tech If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead 3 Tech Nokia’s first iPhone ‘killer’ shown in leaked official video 4 Science Humans speak dog, according to science 5 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Picked For You Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life By Zach Epstein 17 hours ago Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain By Mike Wehner 1 day ago Amazon’s 12 best deals: Lowest price of the year on Amazon Echo, Roku Ultra, wireless speaker, more By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/iphone-users-have-seen-the-galaxy-and-theyre-not-impressed-1495035756 Hot Stocks iPhone Users Have Seen the Galaxy and They’re Not Impressed Samsung’s latest Galaxy isn’t having much sway on Apple fans. A new analyst survey finds that 92% of iPhone buyers looking for a new phone are planning to get another iPhone. By Emily Bary May 17, 2017 11:42 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Of iPhone users who plan to upgrade their phones in the next year, 92% say they'll buy another iPhone. Illustration: Pixabay iPhone users are becoming even more attached. In a recent Morgan Stanley survey, 92% of iPhone users who planned to get a new phone in the next year said they are “extremely likely” to get another iPhone. That compares with 86% a year ago. Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty notes that the survey took place after Samsung’s new Galaxy 8 phone became available. That means that, presumably, iPhone users have seen what that phone has to offer and still want new iPhones. More from Barron’s Next Why Buffett Thinks Apple Can Charge Whatever It Wants What Warren Buffett Learned About the iPhone at Dairy Queen Google Made E-mail Free; Are Cars Next? When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Apple has the highest loyalty rate among the major smartphone vendors. (Samsung is at 77%.) That speaks to the strength of Apple’s software, perhaps more so than its hardware. The company locks users into its ecosystem by, say, convincing them to store their photos in iCloud and linking their messages across devices. It’s hard for people to leave all that behind and switch to Android. It would likely be even harder to switch, if Apple’s streaming music service was better. (This “stickiness” is one reason why Berkshire Hathaway’s Warren Buffett likes Apple so much. He also thinks it gives the company strong pricing power.) Together, Apple and Samsung control close to 80% of the market for smartphones in the U.S. Big Picture: A new survey highlights increasing iPhone loyalty rates. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular iPhone Users Have Seen the Galaxy and They’re Not Impressed Why It Would be Tough for Amazon to Beat CVS and Walgreens Pandora Analyst Says ‘We Were Wrong’ Urban Outfitters Chased the Onesie Trend and Lost Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest business Update on the latest business By The Associated Press May 17, 2017 1:09 pm 8 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Stocks tumble NEW YORK (AP) — Banks are leading U.S. stock indexes sharply lower in midday trading on Wall Street as bond yields fall, bringing lower interest rates on loans. Investors are fretting that the latest turmoil in Washington could hinder President Donald Trump’s pro-business agenda. Free webinar: Register now to learn about data center optimization strategies at the Justice and State departments. Advertisement Small-company stocks are down more than the rest of the market. Those companies would stand to benefit even more than large ones from corporate tax cuts Trump is proposing. Target jumped after posting surprisingly strong earnings for the first quarter. HOUSEHOLD DEBT US households owe record amount, topping pre-recession peak NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. household debt reached a record high in the first three months of this year, topping the previous peak reached in 2008. Americans have stepped up borrowing over the past three years, yet the nature of what Americans owe has changed since the Great Recession. Student and auto loans make up a larger proportion of household debt, while mortgages and credit card debt remain below pre-recession levels. ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says The Federal Reserve Bank of New York says household debt, which also includes auto loans and home equity lines of credit, stood at $12.73 trillion in the first quarter. The figure isn’t adjusted for inflation or population size. The New York Fed says Americans are more likely to be paying down their debts than before the downturn. FORD-JOB CUTS Ford to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America, Asia DETROIT (AP) — Ford Motor Co. plans to cut 10 percent of its salaried jobs in North America and Asia Pacific this year in an effort to boost profits. The company says it will offer voluntary early retirement and separation packages to its workers. It expects 1,400 positions to be affected by the end of September. Ford says its European and South American operations have already cut workers and won’t be affected. The company says it will release more details to employees in June. Ford’s stock price has fallen nearly 40 percent over the last three years as investors worry that U.S. sales are peaking. Ford is also spending heavily on future technology, like self-driving and fully electric cars. GERMANY-VOLKSWAGEN German prosecutors investigating VW’s Mueller over scandal BERLIN (AP) — German prosecutors say they’re investigating whether Volkswagen CEO Matthias Mueller, among others, manipulated markets by not releasing information about VW’s diesel cheating soon enough. In a statement Wednesday, prosecutors confirmed media reports that Germany’s Federal Financial Supervisory Authority filed a complaint in 2016 against executives from Stuttgart-based Porsche Automobil Holding SE, the holding company that controls Volkswagen. Complaints were also filed against Hans Dieter Poetsch, who has roles at both companies, and Martin Winterkorn, the former VW CEO who quit after the scandal broke in 2015. All three were executives at Porsche SE when the scandal came to light. Prosecutors said they’re investigating whether they delayed releasing information about VW’s manipulation of software to cheat emissions tests, and its possible financial implications on the holding company. HOUSE-AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL House chairman pushes privatizing air traffic control in US WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican chairman of a House panel is urging lawmakers to turn the nation’s air traffic control operations over to a new non-profit corporation, saying no other infrastructure change has as much potential to improve travel for American fliers. President Donald Trump has also called for privatizing the nation’s air traffic control operations. He wants operations placed under an “independent, non-governmental organization” to make the system more efficient while maintaining safety. Rep. Bill Shuster, chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, says his top priority is to overhaul the Federal Aviation Administration along those lines. But Shuster is running into opposition from the committee’s Democratic members and unions representing air traffic controllers. They fear that turning financing decisions over to a corporation would subject the system to financial hardships. LEAD TEST WARNING FDA, CDC warn some lead poisoning tests may not be accurate UNDATED (AP) — U.S. health agencies are warning that certain tests for lead poisoning may not be accurate. Children under 6 and pregnant and nursing women may need to be retested. The Food and Drug Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Wednesday said all four tests made by Magellan Diagnostics may give results that are too low when used to measure lead levels in blood drawn from a vein. The FDA says the company’s tests shouldn’t be used for those kinds of blood samples. The agency believes the issue may date to 2014. The FDA and CDC say women and parents should ask their doctor whether they need to be tested again. Lead exposure is particularly dangerous for infants and young children. It can cause serious long-term health problems. TARGET-RESULTS Target’s breezes past expectations in the first quarter NEW YORK (AP) — Target is reporting that first-quarter profits jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn around its business appear to be gaining some traction. The retailer on Wednesday reported earnings of $681 million, or $1.23 per share, for the quarter ended April 29. That compares with $632 million or $1.06 per share in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings were $1.21 per share, way better than the 91 cents analysts were expecting, according to a survey by FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but that’s still better than the 16.22 billion expected on Wall Street. While comparable-stores sales fell, it was not as bad as expected. Target Corp. is trying to reinvent itself as it faces stiff competition from Amazon. AMAZON-NEW TABLETS Amazon refreshes lineup of low-cost tablets, new kids model NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon is offering a thinner and lighter version of its cheapest, 7-inch tablet, while shaving $10 off the price of an 8-inch model. Amazon’s bare-bones Fire tablet is now called the Fire 7. It also promises about an extra hour of battery, or eight hours total, and a display with higher contrast and sharper text. The price remains at $50. The Fire HD 8 model is now $80, rather than $90. Its features are largely the same as before. Amazon has found a niche in the tablet market with lower-cost models, while Apple, Samsung and Microsoft chase professionals with higher-end devices. The new tablets ship on June 7. APPLE-QUALCOMM Apple, Qualcomm spat intensifies, manufacturers drawn in SAN DIEGO (AP) — Manufacturers that build Apple’s iPhone and iPad are being drawn in to an escalating dispute between the tech giant and the chipmaker Qualcomm. Qualcomm said Wednesday that it has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple manufacturers who it says have been pressured by Apple not to pay royalties to Qualcomm for technology that it says it owns. Last month Apple Inc. began refusing to pay any royalties for some of the technology in the iPhone and is fighting Qualcomm in court. Qualcomm Inc. has now filed suit against FIH Mobile Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Pegatron Corp., Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. Qualcomm filed a separate claim against Apple for interfering with the license agreements between Qualcomm and the manufacturers. Both companies are based California. BRITAIN-KITKAT LAWSUIT UK court rejects Nestle’s bid to trademark KitKat shape LONDON (AP) — A court has rejected an attempt by Nestle to trademark the distinctive four-fingered shape of the KitKat chocolate bar in Britain. The Court of Appeal says there is insufficient evidence that consumers rely on the shape to identify the milk chocolate-coated wafer bar. The Swiss food giant first tried to register the trademark in 2010, but the application was opposed by rival chocolate-maker Cadbury. Nestle said it was disappointed with Wednesday’s ruling and was “considering next steps,” which could include an appeal to the Supreme Court. It said KitKat’s shape has been granted trademark protection in countries including Germany, France, Australia, South Africa and Canada. MCDONALD’S-DELIVERY McDonald’s expands delivery partnership with UberEats NEW YORK (AP) — Is the convenience of having a Quarter Pounder and fries delivered to your home or office worth a $5 fee? McDonald’s is hoping it will be. The fast-food chain says it’s expanding its partnership with UberEats to offer delivery in Chicago, Columbus, Los Angeles and Phoenix. The two had already teamed up to offer McDonald’s delivery in Miami, Orlando and Tampa, Florida earlier this year. In all, McDonald’s says “McDelivery” is now available from more than 1,000 U.S. locations. McDonald’s is hoping delivery can help turn around its U.S. business, which has seen customer visits decline. Uber says its delivery fee varies depending on the city, but that it is generally a flat $4.99. There could also be a “busy area” fee of $1 to $2 where demand is high. UNIVERSAL-WATER PARK WRISTBAND No need to schlep wallet, keys at Universal’s new water park ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — When Universal Orlando Resort opens its new water park later this month, it will debut a new wristband that eliminates lines and the need for wallets. Universal officials say visitors will receive the Tapu Tapu wristbands upon entering the Volcano Bay water park. The wristbands send alerts to visitors when it’s their turn for a ride. They also trigger special effects like shooting water cannons. Visitors can use Tapu Tapu to pay for food and items in the gift shops. Universal officials say the wristbands are their latest effort to get rid of hassles for visitors in what they hope is a “frictionless” experience. The wristbands use a combination of radio frequency, Bluetooth and near-field communication technology. Disney’s parks also use wristbands, but Universal’s have screens that can send messages. Related Topics Business News Health News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest business Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1965: FBI continues investigation into supposed pornographic lyrics of the song “Louie, Louie.” Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary visits BMW plant Top Stories Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Top Story Long-term budget outlook: ‘We’re doomed. Any questions?’ Budget Amid cybersecurity challenges, IT workforce morale a ‘difficult problem’ Cybersecurity Senior political officials barred from pay increases through end of 2017 Pay Pay raise for 200K postal workers revealed in union contract Pay THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 17, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8389 -0.0532 2.24% L 2020 25.3912 -0.1517 3.69% L 2030 28.2338 -0.2745 5.24% L 2040 30.3705 -0.3504 6.00% L 2050 17.3976 -0.2312 6.69% G Fund 15.3222 0.0010 0.78% F Fund 17.8668 0.0988 1.75% C Fund 32.7645 -0.5963 7.16% S Fund 42.2779 -0.9658 5.78% I Fund 27.7852 -0.2641 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Legal Image Source: DENIS POROY/AP/REX/Shutterstock Qualcomm really wants its iPhone money Chris Smith @chris_writes May 17th, 2017 at 12:52 PM Share Tweet Qualcomm has some serious legal problems right now. The FTC and Apple accused it of abusing its power in the chip business. The FTC is investigating Qualcomm’s alleged antitrust practices, while Apple went ahead and sued the company for overcharging for critical chips used in the iPhone. Qualcomm is disputing those claims and denying any wrongdoings. But it certainly doesn’t look goodfor the company right now, because Samsung and Intel have just filed amicus briefs against Qualcomm in its FTC battle. On the Apple front, things aren’t looking good there either, as the iPhone maker supposedly instructed its suppliers to withhold royalty payments to Qualcomm until the lawsuit is resolved. Qualcomm doesn’t appreciate missing out on iPhone money and the company has sued no less than four major Apple partners. Don't Miss: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Qualcomm has filed a complaint against Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal, companies that mass-produce various devices for Apple, according to Reuters. A few weeks ago, Qualcomm was forced to revise its most recent earnings guidance after Apple informed it that there will be no royalty payments to its contract manufacturers for the sales in the March quarter. iPhone fees would have accounted for some $500 million in revenue for the first three months of the year, money that Qualcomm might not see anytime soon. But it turns out that Qualcomm really wants that cash. The chip maker wants these four entities to comply with their obligations and asked for declaratory relief and damages in its new suit. “While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay,” the company said. Tags: Apple, iPhone, qualcomm View Comments Trending 1 Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life 2 Tech If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead 3 Tech Nokia’s first iPhone ‘killer’ shown in leaked official video 4 Science Humans speak dog, according to science 5 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Picked For You Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t By Chris Smith 2 days ago Google Wifi is now the best-selling mesh wireless system on Amazon By Maren Estrada 19 hours ago 5 HTC U11 features you won’t find on the Galaxy S8 or iPhone 7 By Zach Epstein 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Apple Music is moving away from album exclusives New, 7 comments by Lizzie Plaugic May 17, 2017, 12:50pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Kevin Winter / Getty Images Apple Music is cutting back on one of its defining characteristics: album exclusives. In a recent interview with Music Business Worldwide, Apple exec Jimmy Iovine said that the streaming service plans to be less aggressive about obtaining exclusives in the future. “We tried it,” he said. “We’ll still do some stuff with the occasional artist. The labels don’t seem to like it and ultimately it’s their content.” Back in 2016, The Wall Street Journal reported that labels were losing enthusiasm for streaming service exclusives, which they felt could be detrimental to an album’s overall streaming numbers. If a new album was only available on one particular platform for the first two weeks of its existence, as Apple Music’s exclusives were, it could result in lost revenue for labels. “The labels don’t seem to like it.” After Frank Ocean released his much-anticipated album Blonde independently on Apple Music last year, the CEO of Universal Music Group reportedly told the company’s labels to stop making exclusive deals with streaming networks. As Business Insider points out, Kanye West was also vocally against exclusives. Last year he tweeted that the streaming wars were “fucking up the music game.” In the past, musicians who signed exclusives with Apple Music were given a big marketing push, but it’s hard to quantify how effective it was at drawing listeners, especially since Apple has a much smaller subscriber base than Spotify. In 2016, Drake’s Views broke several records as an Apple Music exclusive, but Drake has consistently been a top-played artist on Spotify as well. Still, Apple Music isn’t entirely done with exclusives. Iovine notes that the service will still do “some” streaming exclusives, and that Apple is putting “a lot of money” into exclusive video now. Next Up In Tech Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it Period-tracking app Clue will tell women what to do if they miss a birth control pill Google is finally replacing its bad emoji blobs in Android O Now Trending Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs The 10 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 Google Assistant, Android O, VR, and much more Google Photos just hit 500 million monthly users — now it plans to make your camera roll obsolete Photos is growing faster than YouTube, Gmail, or Chrome. Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes by Natt Garun 1 comment / new Kickstarter is launching in Japan later this year by Nick Statt 1 comment / new Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs by Vlad Savov 32 comments / new Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day by Ashley Carman 18 comments / new Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it by Dieter Bohn 32 comments / new The first trailer for Star Trek: Discovery is packed with action and shiny CGI by Andrew Liptak 35 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Login All Reviews Editorials News Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Tips watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry Podcasts New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 Siri the Cyber Security Guard - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-17 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member View All Editorials → watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read May 17th, 2017 12:42 PM EDT | Quick Tip With the introduction of watchOS 3.2, Apple added a Theater Mode to prevent your Apple Watch from lighting up when you turn your wrist. Instead you have to tap on the screen to activate the screen. You can turn Wake Screen on and off, or you can keep it on and use this tip to save you from poking around in settings. Here’s the trick. Watch Faces Down, Crowns Up On Apple Watch Series 2, a feature was added called Wake Screen on Crown Up. It’s automatically turned on, but you can manually turn it on/off by going to the Watch app on your iPhone, then General > Wake Screen. Theater Mode and a Watch face that can preserve your night vision with red numerals. Now here’s the trick that AppleInsider found. You can combine Wake Screen on Crown Up with Theater Mode. You can slowly turn the Digital Crown to gradually turn the screen on, like a light dimmer. This lets you discreetly check the time so you don’t disturb your fellow movie goers. All you have to do is turn Theater Mode on by swiping up on the Watch face. Next, when you want to check the time, slowly turn the Crown to gradually increase/decrease the brightness. You could even create a custom Watch face that only displays the time in a red font, to preserve your night vision. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch Series 2, Theater Mode, watchOS You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee John Martellaro | May 17, 2017 Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Jeff Butts | May 17, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $150.25 -5.22 (-3.36%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Recent Tips See All » watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Recent Editorials See All » Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? 17237 Andrew Orr quick-tip 0 1495024940 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Posting in an EPYC thread: AMD renames Xeon-bashing Naples HGST paints go-faster stripes on Ultrastar flash drive range Flash funds: Micron to rain cash on Excelero – sources Coming Xeon 'scalable' family will run SAP HANA '1.6 times faster' You think your day was bad? OS X malware hackers just swiped a Mac dev's app source Sick of Java and C++? Google pours a cup o' Kotlin for Android devs SAP puts its heads in multiple clouds Behold, auto-completing Android bug reports – because you're not very thorough Bloke charged under UK terror law for refusing to cough up passwords Azure users told they're not WannaCrypt-proof HP Inc wireless mouse can be spoofed Gotcha, Tatcha! Thieves hide in servers to hoover up victims' bank card numbers mid-order Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Intel gives Xeon a makeover to bring us colour-coded clouds Are you ready to transform? Management's agile, digital (insert buzzword here) strategy ossifying? Blame the Red Queen Realm opens up to Windows apps Sencha packages web UI widgets for enterprise React devs Wave of DevOps, Containers, CD expertise heads for London Policy The Channel Chelsea Manning leaves prison, heads straight for booze and pizza Cisco to fire another 1,100 after sixth straight revenue fall Australian privacy commissioner flags new data mining rules for government agencies nbn™ needs copper to build FTTN: another 15,000 km of it We're calling it now: FCC votes 2-1 to rip up net neutrality on Thurs Why being late isn't fatal for Samsung Pay Samsung Galaxy S8+: Seriously. What were they thinking? HTC's 2017 flagship U11 woos audiophiles and bundles Alexa Geek's Guide Nukes tests caused space weather, say NASA boffins Vigorous tiny vibrations help our universe swell, say particle boffins NASA nixes Trump's moonshot plan Japanese researchers spin up toilet paper gyroscopes for science Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Like a celeb going bonkers with botox, Google injects 'AI' into anything it can 'The last thing I want is a software dev taking control of my craft' Britain shouldn't turn its back on EU drone regs, warns aerospace boffin Flying robots are great... until they meet flying humans, anyway Verity Stob Leeds cops issue appeal for man-sized todger Train station's giant screens showed web smut at peak hour MP3 'died' and nobody noticed: Patents expire on golden oldie tech Blighty bloke: PC World lost my Mac Mini – and trolled my blog! 7 Business Taking a bite out of our profit, Apple? Let's get legal, says Qualcomm Files complaint over claims contract makers withholding license payments 17 May 2017 at 16:33, Paul Kunert Qualcomm is suing Chinese iPhone and iPad contract makers it says have stopped paying it royalties at the behest of Apple. A complaint [PDF], filed today in the Southern District of California, has demanded that Foxconn and four other Apple suppliers make license payments in line with their contracts, as well as coughing up damages and "declaratory relief". The chip maker stated in the complaint that since the start of 2017 "Apple has interfered with Defendants' long-standing payment obligations to Qualcomm. "Specifically, Apple has withheld substantial payments from Defendants that it owes for Qualcomm royalties and has directed Defendants not to make corresponding royalty payments to Qualcomm." The five companies named in the filing are Compal Electronics, FIH Mobile Ltd, Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, Pegatron Corporation and Wistron Corporation. FIH was previously known as Foxconn International Holdings Ltd and is now a subsidiary of Hon Hai Precision Industry. The filing claimed the companies have admitted that Apple instructed them to withhold the payments and agreed to indemnify them against any losses or damages incurred by their actions. Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm, said in a statement: "We cannot allow these manufacturers and Apple to use our valuable intellectual property without paying the fair and reasonable royalties to which they have agreed. As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm in its global attack on the company." The OEMs are continuing to pay license fees for non-Apple products that they make, but not for Apple products, even though the same agreements apply to both sets of devices. Qualcomm said it has license agreements stretching back 17 years. The company had already warned shareholders that earnings for the next quarter will be down by $500m thanks to Apple withholding royalties. For its part Apple claimed Qualcomm is trying to charge it for patents it never used – it wants a $1bn rebate for alleged overpayments. Apple filed its suit in California in January. It said at the time: "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies that contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." ® Tips and corrections 7 Comments MORE Apple Qualcomm Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Apple finally teaches Android music app to validate certificates Cupertino's so keen on Android it took eight months to repair interception bug 3 Comments Apple blocks comms-snooping malware Leaked developer certificate revoked, protection updated 12 Comments Apple kills its Stores 18 Comments Imagination puts two-thirds of itself up for sale as Apple IP fight rumbles on They've gone to formal arbitration with the fruity firm 8 Comments Apple squashes cert-handling bug affecting macOS and iOS Flaw posed remote code execution risk 10 Comments Speaking in Tech: Glassholes are COOL now Apple's doing it Podcast Plus, Lego tape, the decline of Uber, Brexit for dummies and more! 5 Comments Whitepapers Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. The Case for Modern Network Security Operations Legacy network security operations must be modernized to improve responsiveness, streamline network security operations, and mitigate IT and business risk. CIO eGuide: Preventing Data Breaches Explaining how Okta Adaptive Multi-factor Authentication provides the security that IT needs, while also providing the simplicity end users want. Most read Samsung Galaxy S8+: Seriously. What were they thinking? MP3 'died' and nobody noticed: Patents expire on golden oldie tech Why Microsoft's Windows game plan makes us WannaCry Chrome on Windows has credential theft bug Robot lands a 737 by hand, on a dare from DARPA Spotlight Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' It's a question worth asking: Why is the FCC boss being such a jerk? Need the toilet? Wanna watch a video ad about erectile dysfunction? Come celebrate World Hypocrisy Day British government has bought a £200m 5G 'academic wet dream' Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple To Announce MacBook Upgrades At WWDC? Three New Laptops Planned To Fight Back Against Microsoft – Tech Times Posted on May 17 2017 - 7:28am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 34 Related The five big announcements from Google I/O – BBC News Tech Times Apple is planning to unveil three new MacBook models at the upcoming WWDC 2017, according to a Bloomberg report. Among the planned updates are a new 13-inch MacBook Air, which has not been redesigned for almost seven years. ( Apple ). Apple is … The Morning After: Wednesday, May 17th 2017Engadget Report: Apple Inc. Prepping MacBook Updates for WWDCMotley Fool Apple to Announce New Laptops Next Month: Report (AAPL)Investopedia Bloomberg all 89 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube New Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Lease Agreement Just Posted At 3 AM EST Cavs Over Celtics, NFL Oakland Raiders Update, Robert Muller On Russia As Robert Muller Named Special Counsel For Russia, Trump Says No Collusion In Statement Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Seeks Sub-Contractors Says CMD Website President Trump Using Boeing C-32 757 As Air Force One Today Proposed Right To Remove Law For Social Media A Good Idea Warriors 136 Spurs 100 - Will Golden State Sweep San Antonio? Livestream Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Lease 1st Doc Done, 11 Not - 2020 Opening Iffy Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him To End Flynn Investigation Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Share Tweet Apple 'considering MacBook Air update at WWDC 2017' Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News MacBook Air 2017 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features, specs MacBook Air 2017 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features, specs We round up all of the rumours about a new MacBook Air in 2017, including its likely UK release date and tech specs, as well as rumoured new features. Latest: sources claim Apple is considering an update at WWDC 2017 by Ashleigh Macro | 17 May 17 Contents > When is the MacBook Air 2017 coming out? > Will the MacBook Air be discontinued? > When was the MacBook Air last updated? > How much will the MacBook Air 2017 cost? > in, 15in & 17in? > Specs & new features When will Apple release a new MacBook Air? Or is the 'Air' brand being killed off? Apple did technically update the MacBook Air in 2016, but it was a minor and frankly disappointing update - merely including what had been an optional RAM upgrade in the standard package for the 13in model, and not touching the 11in model at all. Will 2017 see a proper update to the MacBook Air lineup? Or will the MacBook Air be killed off for good? In this article, we round up all the rumours, hints and clues about the new MacBook Air release for 2017, including the new MacBook Air's UK release date, tech specs, new features, design, along with speculation that Apple may be phasing out the 'Air' lineup completely. For buying advice related to the current Apple laptop range, read our Best MacBook buying guide and Best cheap MacBook deals articles. When is the MacBook Air 2017 coming out? New Apple laptops will be unveiled at WWDC 2017, according to a report from Bloomberg - and these may include a new Air. The site based its predictions on anonymous sources referred to only as "people familiar with the matter", who said that the 12-inch MacBook, the MacBook Pro and even the long-neglected MacBook Air could see a refresh at June's keynote event. The MacBook Pro, updated as recently as autumn 2016, will be refreshed again but less radically, getting a processor bump to the Kaby Lake chipset. Read more: New MacBook Pro release A new model of the 12-inch MacBook will be announced, again getting faster Intel processors. Read more: New MacBook release But the most surprising forecast concerns the MacBook Air, a line-up which most of us had assumed was dead and buried. "The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong," writes Bloomberg. We'd previously felt that the MacBook Air line was being quietly wound down, however, and remember that Bloomberg's sources only say that Apple is considering an update. This may or may not be significant, but in February 2017 the US retailer Best Buy dropped the price for the cheapest MacBook Air to just $800. Price cuts often precede the launch of a new model, as retailers try to clear their store of the older machine, but this could just as easily indicate that Best Buy thinks a new MacBook Air is on the way (or the old one is going to be discontinued) as it could indicate that it's got wind of some inside information. You'll recall that late in 2016 Best Buy accidentally published a spec of a new iMac on its site, which some of us thought might indicate an upcoming launch, but we're still waiting on that one. Will the MacBook Air be discontinued? After the March event and its derisory MacBook Air update, and the subsequent Apple event that took place on 27 October 2016, it's unclear if the MacBook Air line will ever be updated again. No new MacBook Air was announced in October and the new MacBook Pro 2016 was compared in size, performance and weight to the MacBook Air. The new MacBook Pro is smaller in dimensions and is also thinner than the existing MacBook Air, which was launched with portability in mind. It should also be noted that the 11in MacBook Air has now been discontinued, with the 13in variant receiving a £100 price bump - taking the basic model from £849 up to £949 and the 256GB model up from £999 to £1,099. (This price increase is most likely due to Brexit.) Some have taken this as gentle way of bringing the Air product line to a close, as not many people will want a costly Air with more powerful, and thinner, Mac laptops available. Following the October 2016 Mac event, there are strong suggestions that the MacBook Air line will be completely discontinued. This does mean that the entry-level MacBooks are now a little more appealing, but does mean that an 11in MacBook Air will now be missed by some who were hoping for it to be replaced by a similar variant - we presume Apple didn't see a huge market for 11in laptops and thus decided to axe the product line. However, the 11in model may not be the only MacBook Air to be discontinued. We suspect that Apple is about to discontinue the MacBook Air line altogether. Tech Blogger Jack March claims to have spoken with a source close to the situation who says that Apple is about to ditch the Air brand completely, including the MacBook Air and iPad Air products in its lineup. Right now, we think Jack could be absolutely right. There are rumours that Apple won't release an iPad Air 3 now that the iPad Pro has a 9.7in option, and the MacBook Air doesn't seem to fit naturally in Apple's line-up now that the new MacBook is here and is thinner and lighter than ever. With the advent of the 12in MacBook and the 12.9in iPad Pro, it's no surprise that rumourmongers are starting to predict that at least the 11in MacBook Air, with a smaller screen than either of those devices, will be discontinued. The iPad Pro may indeed be viewed by Apple as a replacement for the 11in MacBook Air if Apple CEO Tim Cook's comments to the Telegraph are taken into account (published on 1 December 2015). Following the launch of the iPad Pro, Cook told the Telegraph: "I think if you're looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC anymore? No really, why would you buy one? "Yes, the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a desktop for many, many people. They will start using it and conclude they no longer need to use anything else, other than their phones." However, should Apple discontinue the 11in MacBook Air, it does remove the lower price of entry from the line-up. But as mentioned, it may not just be the 11in MacBook Air that is discontinued. When the new MacBook launched on 9 March 2015, analysts began to suggest that the MacBook Air might not be around for much longer. "This wasn't the MacBook Air, but instead leapt past the Air," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. "They kept the MacBook Air around just as they do with older iPhones, but the MacBook is now in the same position as the newest iPhone. That makes me wonder if the Air will go away over time." Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of US business for Kantar WorldPanel Comtech, also predicted a contraction of Apple's line-up. "All [notebooks] need to be more mobile, so something like the Air doesn't need to be branched out anymore," she said of the differentiation Apple made for the line since its introduction more than eight years ago. "And it's to Apple's benefit not to have so many 'families' of Macs." More recently, KGI Securities analyst and Apple guru Ming-Chi Kuo claimed that Apple is planning on launching a 13in MacBook to sit alongside the 12in MacBook, which would serve as a replacement to the MacBook Air going forward. In a note obtained by AppleInsider, the analyst foresees an end to the meaningful development of the MacBook Air. Apple won't remove the line from its stores just yet, though - it'll serve as an entry-level device for Apple adopters, much like it did with the original MacBook before it was discontinued in 2011. Over time, it seems likely that the MacBook Air range could be discontinued and eventually replaced by a Retina MacBook range at a lower price. In January 2017, DigiTimes cited Chinese site Economic Daily News and said Apple is going to drop the price of the non-Touch Bar 13in MacBook Pro and discontinue the MacBook Air, which only exists now in the 13in size. It added: "Apple is expected to unveil a new 12-inch MacBook in early second quarter with an additional memory option of 16GB" - this would all but render the Air unnecessary to Apple, even if consumers might lament the absence of its lower price point. We don't expect the 12in MacBook to drop in price. When was the MacBook Air last updated? We originally expected the MacBook Air to be updated with a Retina display back on 9 March 2015 at Apple's Spring Forward event. And were quite surprised when we got something else: a Retina MacBook, yes, but one with a 12in display and a USB-C port (and very few other ports), a new strand of products for Apple's MacBook laptop line-up. Less glamorously, Apple's MacBook Air did get an update at the same time, with new, faster processors, faster flash storage and better graphics, and was updated more recently in April 2016 with increased RAM, but the screen and overall design remained the same, with no Retina display for the Air line. How much will the MacBook Air 2017 cost? The last time that there was a Mac laptop that had more advanced specs than a more expensive model was the old MacBooks (aluminium, then white and black, and then eventually aluminium again). These older MacBook models were eventually discontinued and the price of the MacBook Air was reduced to make it the new entry level (when the MacBook Air initially launched it was quite overpriced for the specs, just like the current Retina MacBook). It seems likely that the same will happen with the new MacBook models eventually replacing the MacBook Airs, at a lower price, but for now that seems a long way off. The 11in MacBook Air started at £749, while the entry-level 13in model was £849 - this has now changed with the 11in axed - making the new 13in model, with a £100 price hike start at £949. If the 11in MacBook Air is removed from the line-up perhaps the cost of entry of the 13in model will reduce to the level that the 11in model is currently, with a rumoured 15in model coming in at a higher price at some point in the future. Screen size: 13in, 15in & 17in? If Apple does update the MacBook Air range, what dimensions should we expect? As mentioned above, rumours suggest that the 11in MacBook Air will be discontinued, after all, the 11in MacBook Air is both smaller than the MacBook and the new iPad Pro, and didn’t receive an update when the 13in model did. However, 9to5Mac points out that the new 13in and 15in MacBook Air models could be additional sizes to the MacBook range. That site predicts that sometime in 2017 we will have just two ranges of Mac laptops: the MacBook at the ultraportable level, and the more advanced MacBook Pro. Maybe the 17in MacBook Pro will make a comeback too, with a 4K display. MacBook Air 2017: Specs & new features These new MacBook Air models are said to be thinner and lighter, with internal spec enhancements. Apparently, the new MacBook Air will feature new batteries, cooling modules, and chassis, according to the Economic Daily News. We also expect to see USB Type-C across the range, especially now that Intel has integrated Thunderbolt 3 into USB-C - more on that below. Processors The next-generation MacBook Air is likely to feature next-generation Intel processors, as well as graphics and RAM upgrades. Intel has started shipping its Kaby Lake processors - that's the generation of chips after Skylake, and offers support for Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2. But here's a leftfield alternative. The Dutch-language site Techtastic has posted a reference in the kernel of macOS Sierra to "ARM HURRICANE", a chip family that is now supported. This isn't a chip that anyone has heard of, but it would make sense for this to be an Apple custom ARM chip, fitting in as it does with the company's previous naming conventions: the A7 (in the iPhone 5s) was codenamed Cyclone, the A8 Typhoon and the A9 Twister. Those are iPad/iPhone chips, of course, so does this mean Apple is going to let iDevices run macOS Sierra? Certainly not - but it might be about to put ARM chips in the MacBook Air. Image courtesy of Techtastic Update 08/02/2017: It's not just the CPU that's getting an upgrade either, as a recent Bloomberg report claims that Apple is working on a processor that's meant to improve the battery life of its laptop range. According to the report, the chip is said to handle basic tasks like checking for email and installing updates while the computer is asleep. Apple's current way of working relies on the MacBook's main processor to handle the tasks, but by implementing a dedicated low-power processor, Apple can further reduce battery consumption and provide a longer battery life.   Those with knowledge of the subject claim that the chip is similar to that used by Apple in the MacBook Pro to manage the Touch Bar, and that the new chip may make an appearance in the 2017 MacBook Pro, along with other laptops. It makes sense, as Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar has been criticised since launch for its poor battery life. New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: E-ink keyboard Rumours are rife concerning Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro and, more specifically, its OLED touch bar. The OLED touch bar is rumoured to provide contextual shortcuts to the user based on the application that they're using at the time - but the most recent report suggests Apple isn't happy enough with the feature. 9to5Mac and TrustedReviews report that Apple has been in talks to use a laptop variant of Sonder Design's dynamic keyboard technology. Sonder Design is famous for developing an E-ink keyboard, using E-ink to change the key labels on the fly. This means that the entire keyboard is customisable, providing multiple languages as well as contextual shortcuts from a single keyboard. It allows users that are, for example, editing in Final Cut Pro to look down at the keyboard and see exactly which tool they need to use without having to memorise them before hand. What isn't clear is how Apple is planning on implementing the software, or which laptop it could be featured on, leading us to believe that it could possibly make an appearance on the 2017 MacBook Air. Sonder has confirmed that talks between Apple and the company has taken place, although it won't comment on whether or not it's a deal - it has only confirmed that it's "closing B2B procurement contracts" with three laptop makers. New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Retina display When Apple updated its MacBook Air in March of 2015, we had been convinced that the company was about to give the laptop a Retina display. Instead, it launched a brand-new MacBook line that's super-thin, super-light and does offer that high-resolution display, but does that mean Apple won't enhance the MacBook Air with a Retina display in the future? With the 2016 update only adding more RAM to the basic 13in model, it may be the case. The suggestion that the MacBook Air will feature a Retina display has been long running but those rumours were prior to the launch of the 12in Retina MacBook and the iPad Pro - suggesting the sightings of the Retina display some thought was destined for the MacBook Air was instead for these models. Does this mean that there will be no Retina display on the new MacBook Air when (or if) it launches? If Apple wants to keep the price down maybe not. Or perhaps the newly rumoured 15in Macbook Air will feature a Retina display, while the 13in model will lack the high-res display, but come in at a lower price, one similar to the older 11in MacBook Air. Read more: What is a Retina display? New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: MacBook Air to feature USB-C port While we assumed the next MacBook Air would feature USB-C ports, a recent report from Taiwanese website DigiTimes seems to confirm our theory - if believed, anyway. The publication claims that Apple is planning to release a MacBook Air with USB-C ports in future, but doesn't provide a launch timeframe for the upgraded laptop.  "Currently, Apple has decided to adopt the USB Type-C interface for its MacBook Air, while Asustek Computer and Hewlett-Packard (HP) are upgrading one of their notebooks' regular USB port to the Type-C. Lenovo, Acer and Dell are still evaluating the option." The issue with DigiTimes is that it isn't always accurate - the site has previously claimed that Apple would start shipping ultra-thin 13in and 15in MacBooks by the end of Q2 2016, which ended in June with no appearance, although the site's sources have proven reliable at times in the past. So, how accurate is this report? We're not 100 percent sure, but we imagine that if Apple wants to keep the MacBook Air alive, this is the road it'll be headed down.  However, Bloomberg reported in August 2016, one week before the reported iPhone 7 launch, that Apple is preparing a MacBook Air update "as soon as October". This might mean that the MacBooks are announced at the 7 September event, but won't ship until the following month. This seems a logical step; the MacBook has just one USB-C port and the rumoured new MacBook Pro will also feature this connection type. It would still represent a bold move overall for Apple however - it'd mean all of its laptops would no longer support standard USB-A connections, a move sure to annoy a few people, but ultimately shape the future of mobile computing.  New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Apple Pencil-enabled Trackpad While this isn't a new patent (it was originally filed back in 2014), a patent application has recently been granted that allows the Apple Pencil to work with Mac trackpads. What is most interesting about the patent is that it depicts a more sophisticated Apple Pencil than the one currently available, suggesting that the accessory is due to get an overhaul at some point in the future. It even goes as far to describe the Pencil being used as a general input device like a joystick or an 'air mouse'. "Inertial sensor input may be gathered when operating the stylus in one or more inertial sensor input modes such as an air mouse mode, a rotational controller mode, a joystick mode, and/or other inertial sensor input modes." What isn't clear is if the upgraded Apple Pencil will only work with certain trackpads - if this is the case, we imagine that the technology would make its way to the next-gen MacBook Air. However, Apple has a habit of applying for a patent and then doing nothing with it, so it isn't set in stone that we'll be seeing this featured on the next MacBook Air - but we can sure hope.  New MacBook Air 2017 rumours: Touch ID and Force Touch We expect this feature to come on the Air model - if it isn't already discontinued!  There are also reports to suggest that it'll boast Touch ID within its Trackpad, which may also get the Force Touch upgrade that was given to the 13in MacBook Pro back in March 2015, and comes with the new MacBook. Touch ID is the fingerprint sensor that's built into the Home button of the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. It's also used to make Apple Pay more secure and with the recent announcement of Apple Pay coming to Mac as part of macOS Sierra, this rumour makes a lot of sense. According to an Independent report, Touch ID for the Mac line would require a dedicated chip to be built into the device. The rumour started with Taiwanese blog AppleCorner, which cited sources in the supply chain. Apparently, the Magic Mouse and Magic Trackpad may get a biometric update too, enabling users to make Apple Pay payments on the web, but both those accessories were updated alongside the launch of a new 4K iMac so that seems unlikely to happen anytime soon.  We'll be updating this article as more information about the rumoured Retina MacBook Air emerges so check back from time to time for the latest news. Wondering which MacBook is best for you? Read: MacBook Air vs MacBook Pro comparison review: 13in Apple laptops compared You might also like to read our New 12in MacBook 2016 review | Which Mac? Best Mac buyers guide | Apple rumours and predictions for 2016 Tags: Mac , Rumour , MacBook Air Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? Autodesk SketchBook 4.0 is now available to download How to remove Mac ransomware Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet Kaby Lake MacBook Pro coming at WWDC 2017 - sources Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News New MacBook Pro 2017 rumours - UK release date, price, features, specs New MacBook Pro 2017 rumours - UK release date, price, features, specs Read the latest rumours about the release date, price and specs of the 2017 MacBook Pro, expected to be announced at WWDC 2017 and come with Kaby Lake processors by Ashleigh Macro | 17 May 17 Contents > When is the MacBook Pro 2017 UK release date? > How much will the 2017 MacBook Pro cost in the UK? > Will the new MacBook Pro have a Kaby Lake, Cannonlake or Apple designed processor? > Will the new MacBook Pro 2017 have 32GB RAM? > What graphics card will the new MacBook Pro 2017 offer? > What improvements might Apple make to the screen on the new MacBook Pro? > Is 10 hours battery life enough for the new MacBook Pro? > Could the new MacBook Pro lose the headphone jack? > Will Apple add the Touch Bar to more Mac models? > Who wants a Gold MacBook Pro? When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro for 2017? And what UK prices, tech specs and new features should we expect from the new MacBook Pro 2017? New MacBook Pro models were released in October 2016, but we're already looking ahead to the next update of the MacBook Pro for 2017. In this article we round up and analyse all the rumours related to the new MacBook Pro 2017: its release date, specs, design, likely pricing and new features. So far we've heard calls for the new MacBook Pro models to have an option for 32GB RAM and reports that Apple is looking at the option of hooking an iPad Pro up to to the MacBook Pro so that designers can use it like a Cintiq, while sources close to the matter predict that Apple will announce an update Pro model at WWDC 2017. Read on for more rumours and expectations. If you're interested in the latest MacBook Pro update you can read more here: New MacBook Pro 2016 review. And if you want to buy one, read our Mac buying guide and the Best cheap MacBook Pro deals. When is the MacBook Pro 2017 UK release date? The current lineup of MacBook Pro models was introduced in October 2016, and Apple doesn't tend to update its Macs more often than once a year, so we wouldn't ordinarily expect Apple to update the range before October 2017. But sources claim something is coming sooner than this: new Apple laptops will be unveiled at WWDC 2017, according to Bloomberg. The site based its predictions on anonymous sources referred to only as "people familiar with the matter", who said the Pro, as well as the 12-inch MacBook and even the long-neglected MacBook Air could see a refresh at June's keynote event. The MacBook Pro, updated as recently as autumn 2016, will be refreshed again but less radically, getting a processor bump to the Kaby Lake chipset. A new model of the 12-inch MacBook will be announced, again getting faster Intel processors. But the most surprising forecast concerns the MacBook Air, a line-up which most of us had assumed was dead and buried. "The company has also considered updating the ageing 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong," writes Bloomberg. Updating the Pro with Kaby Lake chips this summer might be a good idea. Competing pro laptops coming from Dell and HP will offer newer Kaby Lake Intel processors long before October 2017, including the Dell Precision 5520, which is available now. For business people looking for a stylish laptop this may not matter, but for creatives looking for a new Mac a move away from Apple may start to look attractive if Apple makes them wait too long. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo had previously predicted an update to the entire range in 2017. In October 2016 he told clients that he expected Apple to launch updated MacBooks Pros in the second half of 2017 including support for 32GB of RAM, with the proviso that Intel would launch the required processors in time. However, at that time he referenced Cannonlake processors, in February 2017 he published a new note claiming that the new MacBook Pro models will feature Kaby Lake processors and that the 13in and 15in versions of the MacBook Pro will see an update towards the end of 2017, with mass production of these models beginning in the third quarter of 2017. However, those hoping for a 32GB RAM update to the 15in MacBook Pro model in 2017 may be disappointed. The high-end MacBook Pro with 32GB RAM will not enter mass production until the fourth quarter of 2017 so its launch isn't expected until 2018. (Incidentally the Dell Precision 5520 does have a 32GB RAM configuration.) How much will the 2017 MacBook Pro cost in the UK? Shortly after Apple announced the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in October 2016, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo published a note to clients indicating that he expects Apple to drop prices in subsequent updates to the range. He observed that Apple tends to overprice new generations of Mac before gradually lowering prices in the following year. The pricing for the 2016 13in and 15in new MacBook Pro models begins at £1,749/$1,799 for a MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, and starts at $2,399/£2,349 for the 15in model. The most expensive MacBook Pro now costs £2,699/$2,799. The version of the MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar costs from $1,499/£1,449. This is the model most likely to see a price drop, potentially coinciding with an update to the 12in MacBook and the discontinuation of the MacBook Air. Processor: Will the new MacBook Pro have a Kaby Lake, Cannonlake or Apple designed processor? When they launched in October 2016 the new range of MacBook Pro models ran on Intel's Skylake processors, the processor microarchitecture that first launched in August 2015 as a successor to Broadwell. This was a disappointment to some as the Skylake chips can only support up to 16GB of RAM (to offer a 32GB option Apple would need to use battery-hungry desktop-class RAM). Given that the MacBook Pro is pitched as a professional machine there have been calls for the next model to offer the option of 32GB RAM and naturally attention has turned to Intel's roadmap for clues as to what processor might make this update feasible. Back in October 2016 Apple analyst Kuo had suggested that the MacBook Pro could adopt Intel's Cannonlake processors, or should that not appear in time, Intel's Coffee Lake processors (although that would limit the models to 16GB RAM). However, it appears that the usually accurate analyst had his chips somewhat muddled, as there are apparently no plans to design MacBook Pro-class Cannonlake chips, and Coffee Lake is not scheduled until 2018. In a note published in January 2017 Kuo predicted that the new MacBook Pro line up would feature Kaby Lake chips. Kaby Lake is the successor to Skylake. That line of processors debuted in the spring of 2016, but the processors suitable for future MacBook Pros (as suggested by beta code in macOS Sierra 10.12.4) weren't announced until the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show. This beta code discovered in Sierra by Pike's Universum references the following Kaby Lake processors: The 13in MacBook Pro could gain the i7-7660U 2.5 GHz Kaby Lake chip; The 13in MacBook Pro with Touch bar could gain the Kaby Lake 3.1 GHz i5-7267U, 3.3 GHz i5-7287U, and 3.5 GHz i7-7567U processors; The 15in MacBook Pro could gain i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHz, i7-7820HQ 2.9 GHz, and i7-7920 3.1 GHz Kaby Lake processors. These new Kaby Lake processors offer better power efficiency and more advanced on-board GPU capabilities, but the processor power doesn't see a marked increase. Dell's Precision 5520 laptop includes Kaby Lake chips and is directly comparable to the MacBook Pro. There's another possibility, Apple could move away from Intel chips and look at what's on offer from AMD. According to an Archtosh report, AMD has launched RYZEN 7 CPUs that "promise more computing muscle per watt than Intel" and, according to a report the new AMD RYZEN 7 1800X just set a new world record score for Cinebench, a respected CPU performance benchmark. That report states that the new RYZEN 7 chip lineup roughly competes with Intel's i7 line including the i7-6900K, i7-6800K, and i7-7700K. We think such a transition is unlikley however, given the fact that Apple had to rewrite the operating system to prepare for the Intel switch. Perhaps more likely is the idea that Apple will design its own chips (although we think all rumours about this pointed to the processor that powers the Touch Bar in the 2016 MacBook Pro. Will the new MacBook Pro 2017 have an Apple designed processor? The chip that powers the Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro may not be the only low power chip coming from Apple. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman has predicted that the 2017 MacBook Pro will feature an Apple-designed chip to handle simple tasks such as email and updates while the laptop is asleep, citing "people familiar with the matter". "The chip, which went into development [in 2016], is similar to one already used in the latest MacBook Pro to power the keyboard's Touch Bar feature," Gurman writes. "The updated part, internally codenamed T310, would handle some of the computer's low-power mode functionality." By building a dedicated low-power processor, Apple could reduce battery consumption for the 2017 MacBook Pro. RAM: Will the new MacBook Pro 2017 have 32GB RAM? As we mention above, a big disappointment with the 2016 MacBook Pro line up was the RAM limitations, with the models maxing out at 16GB RAM. Pro customers, such as video editors, were so disillusioned with the 2016 update that in November 2016 Apple's SVP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller spoke out in defence of Apple's decision not to offer more RAM, saying that to offer more RAM would be detrimental to battery life because higher amounts of RAM would require a power-hungry memory controller unsuitable for use in portable machines. Schiller said: "To support 32GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is not low power and also require a different design of the logic board which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life." The problem lies with the Intel Skylake CPUs used in Apple's MacBook Pro. These processors support up to 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM at 2133MHz. There are processors capable of addressing more than 16GB of memory, but these rely on less efficient DDR4 RAM and are usually deployed in desktops because they can be plugged into mains power. Understandably Apple does not wish to hinder the battery life of its laptops in this way.   Schiller has also indicated that using 32GB of RAM would require a different logic board design that would limit space for other components, including the battery. In an email to MacDaddy's Ben Slaney, Schiller wrote: "To support 32GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is not low power and also require a different design of the logic board which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life." So, as you can see, the calls for a 32GB RAM version of the MacBook Pro are loud enough for Apple to make a statement regarding it, but this doesn't mean that a RAM update is immanent. A Kaby Lake processor upgrade for the MacBook Pro will not increase in the RAM cap of 16GB because the Kaby Lake processor doesn't support LPDDR4 RAM and Apple is not expected to engineer a new RAM controller that does any time soon. An Intel processor capable of supporting LPDDR4 RAM isn't expected before 2018. Kuo still has some hope however, he predicts that Apple will start to manufacture a 15in MacBook Pro with 32GB RAM in the fourth quarter. And he thinks that Apple will adopt desktop RAM due in order to do so. Dell's Precision 5520 laptop is directly comparable to the MacBook Pro and has a 32GB RAM build-to-order configuration.  Amid calls for Apple to update the MacBook Pro, which some feel is hampered by its standard 8GB RAM (upgradable to just 16GB), Apple CEO Tim Cook has confirmed that Apple still considers the professional creative market to be important. Comments from Tim Cook indicate that Apple isn't about to give up on the professional market. Speaking at the Shareholders meeting on 28 February 2017, Cook indicated that Apple is still focused on its professional customers and has plans to "do more" in that area. Cook said: "You will see us do more in the pro area. The pro area is very important to us. The creative area is very important to us in particular. "Don't think something we've done or something that we're doing that isn't visible yet is a signal that our priorities are elsewhere," Cook added. However, the separation between 'creative' and 'professional' in Cook's comments could be telling, and a way out of giving a clear answer. Regarding Cook's comments, our colleague on Digital Arts suggested that the "people who are creative-but-not-professional and professional-but-not-creative would probably look to the MacBook Pro (which is fine for photo-editing and Office)". He considers that the MacBook Pro is more suited to people who see themselves as creatives, rather than creative professionals. Graphics: What graphics card will the new MacBook Pro 2017 offer? The 13in MacBook Pro without Touch Bar currently offers Intel Iris Graphics 540 while the 13in model with Touch Bar offers Intel Iris Graphics 550. The 15in model offers a duel graphics card set up, with the Radeon Pro 450, or a Radeon Pro 455, alongside the Intel HD Graphics 530. The Radeon Pro 400 series launched in October, so they were new graphics processors at the time the Macs launched. The Radeon RX 500 series is expected to launch this year and could be destined for the new MacBook Pro models. Screen: What improvements might Apple make to the screen on the new MacBook Pro? The current model has an impressive 4K screen but this is still few pixels than some of the competition. The 2016 MacBook Pro can output the full DCI P3 colour space used for films for digital cinema output, however, as our colleague on Digital Arts notes in his review: "It's the Adobe RGB colour space that really matters as this is what's used internally by tools from Photoshop to Illustrator to Premiere Pro – and again here the MBP is lacking. In our tests with a DataColor Spyder5Elite colorimeter, we found that the MacBook Pro's screen can output 91 percent of the colours in the Adobe RGB." In their tests Dell's Precision 5510 and the Wacom MobileStudio Pro could output 91 percent of the colours in the Adobe RGB. In the next version of the MacBook Pro we'd like to see an improvement here. Another desirable addition to the screen would be touchscreen capabilities, something much of the competition also shares. While Apple's late CEO Steve Jobs said that he felt that touch screens were a bad idea (because they would make your arm ache) there is some value in being able to touch a screen rather than use a mouse or track pad when you are in cramped conditions, such as those in which our colleague on Digital Arts wrote his review. Apple may have a solution to the touch screen wishes in mind. Apparently the company is looking at hooking an iPad Pro up to a Mac to use it as a Cintiq-like device, according to OSnews. Battery: Is 10 hours battery life enough for the new MacBook Pro? With Apple pointing to battery life as the reason it won't offer more RAM in the MacBook Pro you might be wondering whether there is room for improvements to battery life in the next model, or if battery life could (or should) suffer if Apple is to offer a truly pro-level machine. The 2016 machine offers 10-hours of battery life, as did earlier models. There was some question about the accuracy of this claim earlier in 2017 when Consumer Reports tested the battery life and found that is was less. However, Consumer Reports battery life tests had been influenced by a bug in Safari's developer mode that consumers wouldn't be using. Ports: Could the new MacBook Pro lose the headphone jack? When Apple launched the new MacBook Pro many of the familiar ports disappeared replaced by USB-C/Thunderbolt 3. The headphone jack remained despite being lost from the iPhone and iPad. Will it remain in the next version of the MacBook Pro? Possibly, although it seems likely that Apple will swap it for Lightning or another Thunderbolt 3 port in the future. Touch Bar: Will Apple add the Touch Bar to more Mac models? The Touch Bar on the high-end MacBook Pro was the biggest change to the range when it was updated in 2016. It's a customisable strip-screen that allows for slicker fingertip control in certain software. It supports multi-touch gestures, which is handy when photo editing or using DJ applications, to name a couple of examples. The Touch Bar is customisable, and you can click and drag preferred commands/functions into the bar, somewhat like the way you drag app icons into the dock on a Mac or iPhone. When the Touch Bar first launched it was limited to Apple applications, however over the months it has gained functionality with many other apps including Spotify and Photoshop, and it now offers additional functionality for Microsoft Office features. You can expect more software to offer Touch Bar support in the future. For more on this, see our guide to the Touch Bar: How to use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro | Touch Bar tips. And if you'd like to get some Touch Bar action on other Macs, have a read of our Apple keyboard with Touch Bar release date rumours and How to get Touch Bar on any Mac. Apple is actually said to be exploring additional Retina MacBook Pro models without the Touch Bar, according to OSnews sources. Currently there is one 13in model that ships without the Touch Bar. This is because following the launch of the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, orders for refurbished MacBook Pros went through the roof, and this took Apple completely by surprise. There may be some security issues with the Touch Bar. A report on BGN outlines that Hackers at the Pwn2Own competition have exploited a security hole in Safari and take over the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar gaining root control of the MacOS on a MacBook Pro. The hackers have sent details of the attack to Apple so the company is likely to have patched it already. Colour: Who wants a Gold MacBook Pro? The MacBook Pro series currently comes in two colour finishes: silver and Space Grey, while the MacBook series is available in Gold and Rose Gold as well. It the MacBook Pro ever likely to adopt the gold colour? We think that Apple will continue to offer gold as an option on it's consumer focused laptops, but it will keep the more business-like silver and grey for the professional machines. &nbsp; Tags: Mac , Rumour , MacBook Pro with Retina display Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? Autodesk SketchBook 4.0 is now available to download How to remove Mac ransomware Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple will finally sell ‘made in India’ iPhones Apple will finally sell ‘made in India’ iPhones Posted on Wednesday, May 17, 2017 by CNN in Business News After a long wait, Apple is about to start selling iPhones made in India. Production of the smartphones is beginning at a new plant in Bangalore, and Apple plans to start selling them in India within the next two weeks, the company said in a statement emailed to CNNMoney. Apple has chosen the four-inch iPhone SE for the initial rollout, a “small number” of which are being assembled at the plant in India’s tech capital. “We’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” Apple said in the statement. The news was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. India is expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s second largest smartphone market this year, and Apple has been trying for years to grab a bigger piece of the action. Global rival Samsung currently dominates the Indian market, but Chinese brands such as Oppo and Vivo are also becoming increasingly popular. Apple’s efforts to set up retail stores in the South Asian nation have so far been stymied by rules that require foreign vendors to build their products locally. After prolonged negotiations with the Indian government — and even a visit by CEO Tim Cook last year — the company finally decided to set up its local manufacturing base at the Bangalore plant, run by Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron. Apple already sells a wide range of products in India through its network of local distributors, but the cost of doing that is significantly higher because of the country’s prohibitive import duties. The company did not reveal whether it plans to manufacture other models in India in the future, but the iPhone SEs made in Bangalore will likely be far cheaper than imports. And if the Silicon Valley giant plays its cards right, India could even get its first Apple Store soon. What to expect at Google's big event 'Locked in battle': Times and Post in an epic race for the truth Related Posts Facebook fixes iPhone battery drain issue Fans have spent 21 million hours playing the new Halo Stocks bounce back after falling into correction Does NBC’s Olympics coverage really deserve the criticism it’s gotten? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Zach Epstein BGR News May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple’s upcoming new iPhone 8 is the most hotly anticipated smartphone since 2014, when news first began to leak that the company would finally release larger iPhones. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus featured the bigger displays users had been clamoring for, and they also sported a sleek new design that Apple fans loved. But now, three years later, Apple’s flagship iPhones still feature a design that is practically identical to the company’s 2014 models. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pack plenty of power and new features, but smartphone fans have clearly grown tired of Apple’s 2014 iPhone design, and sales are slumping as a result. The world is long overdue for a fresh new iPhone design, and Apple fans will finally get what they want in 2017 when Apple unveils its completely redesigned iPhone 8. Now, for the first time ever, consumers will get their first look at Apple’s reimagined iPhone 8 design in real life. Don't Miss: How to protect yourself against WannaCry ransomware This coming September, Apple is expected to unveil three new iPhone models. The iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus are believed to be modest updates to the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. For the first time, however, Apple is expected to make a significant change to an “S” update’s hardware by making the back of the phones glass instead of aluminum. Both new models are expected to support wireless charging, and present technology is unable to pass current as efficiently through metal as it does through glass. Apple’s new iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus will surely be impressive smartphones, but the device everyone is waiting for is the iPhone 8. According to multiple independent reports, the iPhone 8 will feature a bold new design that sandwiches a stainless steel frame between two 2.5D glass panels. The result will supposedly appear seamless, bringing Apple closer than ever to realizing Jony Ive’s dream of an iPhone made of one continuous sheet of glass. The face of the iPhone 8 is expected to feature a new OLED display with a screen-to-body ratio even more impressive than the 83% ratio managed by Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. This will reportedly be achieved in part by shifting around the device’s internal components, but also by completely removing the iPhone’s physical home button. Here is where reports begin to diverge. We know that Apple has been working for years on technology that will allow it to embed a TouchID fingerprint scanner directly into an iPhone’s display, and several reports have said the iPhone 8 will be the first iPhone to feature an embedded fingerprint sensor. But conflicting reports suggest that the required tech isn’t yet mature enough to mass-produce at the scale Apple would require for the iPhone 8, so the company may be forced to move the scanner to the back of the handset, as was the case for Samsung and its Galaxy S8. Everyone hates the iPhone 8 design that has floated around with a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, so we can only hope that Apple and its manufacturing partners found a way to make the embedded scanner work. The bad news is we cannot confirm one way or the other at this time. But the good news is Apple’s iPhone 8 design has seemingly been finalized, and we’re giving the world an exclusive first look at the hotly anticipated tenth-anniversary iPhone. Read More BGR has exclusively obtained photos of an iPhone 8 mockup that is believed to feature Apple’s final design. As has been the case in years past, this mockup is thought to have been built using actual finalized schematics that were leaked from the factories that will build Apple’s next-generation iPhones. The mockup doesn’t feature any indication of a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, however not all markings are present on the dummy, so it’s not clear if this is an indication that the phone’s TouchID sensor will be embedded in the display. These photos show an iPhone 8 design that is largely in line with recent rumors. The phone features 2.5D glass panels on the front and back that curve slightly at their edges. Sandwiched between them is a polished stainless steel midframe that is rounded as well, perfectly continuing the slope of the 2.5D glass. The result is a smooth design that will likely feel seamless in the hand. On the back of the iPhone 8 mockup, we can see an oversized “camera bump” positioned vertically rather than horizontally, as is the case on the iPhone 7 Plus. This area of the phone’s back is thought to house a new dual-lens camera system, as well as an LED flash and a microphone. Apple’s next-generation camera on the iPhone 8 is expected to feature the same optical zoom capability as the iPhone 7 Plus’ camera, but it may also enable exciting new augmented reality features that Apple will announce this coming September. And just in case you’re wondering, no, the iPhone 8 will not have a 3.5mm headphone jack. We have about four months to go before Apple finally takes the wraps off its tenth-anniversary iPhone, and there are still plenty of new details left to leak between now and then. In fact, we still don’t even know what the new handset will be called. While most people currently refer to the phone as the “iPhone 8,” that name has not been confirmed. Other possibilities that have been tossed around include “iPhone X” and “iPhone Edition,” which would align with the high-end Apple Watch Edition. There is indeed much we still do not know, but the iPhone 8’s design now appears to be finalized. While BGR’s exclusive photos give the world its first look at this sleek new design, we can expect to see more iPhone 8 mockups begin to surface as third-party case makers like Ghostek and Spigen get a jump on building cases for Apple’s new iPhone so they’re ready at launch. As regular readers will recall, Ghostek was the first case maker to reveal Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design when renders of its upcoming cases were leaked earlier this year. Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to be unveiled this coming September, though its release may be pushed back to October or November if recent rumors of manufacturing difficulties end up being accurate. Related: For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. Trending right now: Google Wifi is now the best-selling mesh wireless system on Amazon This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Another large-scale cyberattack underway: experts AFP Relax News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech News / Qualcomm is now suing Apple’s suppliers too, including Foxconn Qualcomm is now suing Apple’s suppliers too, including Foxconn Matthew Wilson 15 hours ago Featured Tech News, General Tech The dispute between Apple and Qualcomm is continuing to get uglier, with the chip maker now going after Apple’s supply chain in court. Qualcomm has already filed a countersuit against Apple itself but now, the company is also going after four of the companies Apple uses to supply components for the iPhone, including Foxconn. The legal troubles began earlier this year, when the US Federal Trade Commission announced that it would be taking Qualcomm to court over anti-competitive business practises. The FTC’s lawsuit was based on complaints from Apple but recently, Samsung and Intel have also backed the commission. Apple went on to file its own separate lawsuit against Qualcomm and is said to be withholding around $1 billion in licensing fees while the legal dispute is underway. According to a report from Reuters, Qualcomm has now filed claims against Foxconn and three other companies that currently hold contracts with Apple. According to Qualcomm, these companies have all failed to pay patent royalties, the chip maker also things they are doing so under Apple’s orders. In the meantime, Qualcomm has also filed an injunction in an effort to get the US to block Apple from importing any more iPhones. KitGuru Says: At this point, it seems the dispute between Apple and Qualcomm is escalating every week. This case certainly isn’t going to be over any time soon… Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple news qualcomm Previous Sapphire RX 580 Pulse 8GB Review Next Hackers holding Pirates of the Caribbean 5 to ransom Check Also Hackers holding Pirates of the Caribbean 5 to ransom Just a few weeks ago, a hacker managed to get their hands on the majority … Rocky40 Yea glad you added the part saying Apple instructed these companies to not pay the required payments. Qualcomm does not think Apple did this they know Apple did this as stated by other sites on the internet. If you use someones tech then you got to pay for it simple as that. Apple just wants a free ride look at what they are doing to that graphics chip maker and most likely will try to use that tech as well in their new GPU for the iphone and not want to pay for that as well. In this story both companies are probably at fault but until it is settled Apple needs to pay as well as the other companies as well they all entered into contracts and if they continue refusing to pay they are in breach of contract. fewtcher Apple haters like you love to always use any MENTIONING of Apple to spew some stupid sh*t about it. Qualcomm is at fault here and not paying royalties to a company that has shady practices is IMO a perfect way to show it that it’s doing something wrong. The FTC, Apple, Samsung and Intel are suing Qualcomm for shady anti-competitive practices and your response it “hurr durr Apple is trying to get something free just as it will do with the GPU” – fanbois like you are retarded, man, better shut the f up when you understand nothing on some subject. Jeez. Rocky40 Yep I hate Apple that’s it maybe Apple is mentioned because they are one of the companies in the write up here. And no APPLE is wrong here more so than Qualcomm Apple has no right to tell other companies to not pay their payments. This is Apple pushing their weight around like they always like to do. They need to stop so no you stop spreading fud and stop being a fan boy long enough to see Apple is at fault for sticking their nose some in other companies business. Yes Qualcomm may have over stepped a bit but Apple has done it here a lot worse than Qualcomm and they have done it in the past as well. Apple is one of the most sue happy companies out there. They are also one of the companies that openly steals other companies tech slaps some paint on it changes some minor details and say here look we made something new and yet you Apple lovers never seem to see oh that product was released months or years ago and Apple gets credit for it. I will admit I don’t like Apple but not because of their products it is because of their under handed business tactics and the way they try to shaft other companies or if they can not compete with a company they either through money at that company or sue them for very little reason other than their product sucked a bit more than the other companies product did. fewtcher “Yes Qualcomm may have over stepped a bit but Apple has done it here a lot worse than Qualcomm” Your fanboism is making you blind and deaf, boy. Apple is mentioned in the article, but the main spotlight is Qualcomm. Yet you try to turn around the topic on “hate-Apple-for-whatever-I-can-think-of”. And Apple lovers never seem to see that the feature Apple introduces is old? No, we see it. You know what the issue is? Before Apple set their sight on that feature – it was useless. My go-to example – NFC. Before Apple implemented NFC – almost no use for the chip. Apple decided to implement it – made contracts with a lot of companies and banks so they would implement a use for it – suddenly you could use NFC in so many places. But butthurt Samsung loveboys like you only said “hurr durr NFC existed years before Apple implemented it, it’s nothing new” – yeah. You guys are retards. Apple doesn’t need to invent all the tech. It needs to apply it properly. Which it does perfectly, and that’s why your shitty Samsung, combined with all other smartphone manufacturers in the world, doesn’t have the same profit as Apple. Keep thinking it’s because they are a shitty company 🙂 Doesn’t make you smarter if you fail to realize why Apple is the most successful company in the world. It makes you a hipster at best. Enjoy. fewtcher But to be specific on the topic – no, Apple is not wrong. Companies that have shitty anti-competitive practices deserve to not be paid by other companies. If Apple was in the place of Qualcomm here and the others were suing it and not paying it royalties, you would be all happy about it and saying “they are correct that they shouldn’t pay Apple!” – I have nothing else to say. You have no argument and no foundation. SkyBill40 You seem to be stumping pretty hard for Apple here. Is that because this other guy has openly shown his disdain for them or is it your own fanboi standing out? I’m merely asking a question based on observation. The bottom line here is that both have any number of shady or less than ethical practices in their arsenal; as such, they are both guilty. Apple is not infallible by any means and should be taken to task for the laws it breaks. Appealing to the government for support seems shady in and of itself as they are clearly seeking favoritism for their side. That’s not the way it should work but often does. Don’t paint Apple as the wholly innocent party here as that’s far from the truth. Admit that much and we’re good. Otherwise, your comments don’t have much merit, either. Just saying. fewtcher I like Apple, but definitely not to the point of being a fanboy. Only like their smartphone department anyway. But I like OnePlus more than iPhones. Of course Apple has indulged in shady practices and I am far from denying any such thing. When they do wrong I don’t deny nor defend it. My point was in this particular case what they are doing is right and Qualcomm is at fault. Sadly a hater like Rocky40 will never see that as for them whatever Apple does is wrong. I.e. Apple doesn’t give to charity – oh, Apple is evil company that doesn’t do anything good for others!. Apple gives to charity – oh, Apple is evil company that does this only for attention and to paint themselves as a good company! ^ People that do that – that I hate. Rocky40 Apple is one of the most anti competitive companies out there so with that said I guess by your own words they should not be paid. If they can beat them they sue the other companies or throw wads of cash at them. Did you know iphone was around long before Apple stole the name so they could use it as their own. Linksys had a iphone device out many years before the iPhone came around no it was not a cell phone it was a skype phone called the Linksys Iphone I know I had one. When Apple came out fully knowing the name was already in use Linksys said we own that name stop using it Apple threw cash at them and saif Frack off we now own the name basically we have a product out now too with that name. But hey don’t ever try to use Apples names or have a logo that is even remotely close to Apples you will be sued out of existence by them they did that a few years back to a company that had a logo with a Apple on it. So do not try to tell me Apple is a saint here they are one of the worst offenders out there so yea I got an argument and a foundation to stand on. Anyone that has not lived under a rock knows how Apple operates and treats other companies. Rocky40 I’m not a Qualcomm fanboy I have no control what gets put inside my smartphone I think Qualcomm tech is actually junk but they are the main game in town so yea you got to have it inside a lot of your devices. fewtcher 1. If Apple bought the name from Linksys I see nothing wrong here, I’m 100% sure they didn’t tell them “frack off”. 2. Of course they’ll sue other companies for using their logo. That’s how you recognize the company. It’s not the same as a single product that Linksys offered. 3. I didn’t say Apple is a saint. But in this article – yeah, they did nothing wrong. So no, you don’t have an argument nor a foundation because you are a blind and deaf Apple hater and nothing more. Bonus: Yeah, we know how Apple operates and treats companies. You don’t, on the other hand, since you are heavily biased. PS: I did not claim you are a Qualcomm fanboy. I do claim you are either an Android fanboi, which is not so bad, or, more likely, a Samsung fanboi, which is retardation at it’s finest. And explains perfectly well why you are a blind hater. SkyBill40 I see. I appreciate gour understanding of my points and the explanation of your own. Rocky40 NFC actually exist years before and yes it was used by lots of people. I used it myself with my LG phone and my printer as an example set the phone on top of the printer and it connected and printed what you wanted no install required. Yes Apple used it for banking and payments as well but it was there before Apple said hey look at what we invented. I will say one thing Apple is good at taking others ideas refining them a bit and then releasing that refined product. Which also gives that tech a lot of spot light because Apple is a big company and gets a lot of media attention. What I dislike is Apple fanboys thinking Apple did something that was revolutionary when they released that new product it was not someone else did it before them all Apple did was polish the turd a bit more to make it look more shiny. fewtcher You give way too much credit to original inventors and way too little to the ones refining the inventions. Would you say that airline companies are shitty because they weren’t the original inventors of the planes? The Wright brothers deserve more credit than them and we should spit on the refined airplane models? I said it before, I’ll say it again – hate makes you blind and deaf. Apple sometimes does things that are revolutionary. Not always, not often, but sometimes they do. Most of the times they just implement nice and cool features. And people like them because those features actually do work. That’s it. You dislike people that are just not so into tech so they are not informed about those features before Apple uses them. Not everyone is into tech man. If someone only uses iPhones and never Androids, of course he won’t know about NFC before Apple uses it in the iPhones. And he’ll be amazed by it when they implement it. Does it make him dumb? Does it make Apple evil? Do they say they invented NFC? To all – no. So I don’t see what you are complaining about. Rocky40 It seems we both and disagree on parts of this topic. You got some good points as well. I don’t hate apples products I just dislike their business practices. But I guess there are other companies out there that can get out of hand as well so it is not only Apple it is the industry as a whole. Everyone is sue happy these days which is to bad because we may end up missing out on some good tech because these companies are more worried about every penny and not their products. Polls Likely cost of your next earphones (not headphones)? Under £10 £10 to £20 £20 to £50 £50 to £100 Over £100 Always use headphones View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, May 18, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Qualcomm Inc files complaint APPLE SUPPLIERS:Four Taiwanese manufacturers of iPhones and iPads have allegedly breached deals, and Qualcomm is seeking unspecified damages By Lisa Wang  /  Staff reporter Qualcomm Inc yesterday filed breach of contract complaint against four Taiwanese firms —Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (鴻海精密), Pegatron Corp (和碩), Wistron Corp (緯創) and Compal Electronics Inc (仁寶), which are in Apple Inc’s supply chain — it said have not paid royalties. The lawsuits, filed in in the US District Court for the Southern District of California, is part of an ongoing legal dispute between Apple and Qualcomm that began in January. Qualcomm said in the complaint that the four Taiwanese manufacturers of iPhones and iPads breached longstanding licensing deals and it is seeking unspecified damages, as they refuse to pay for use of Qualcomm’s licensed technologies. Qualcomm declined to disclose the amounts they owed. “It is unfortunate that we must take this action against these long-time licensees to enforce our agreements, but we cannot allow these manufacturers and Apple to use our valuable intellectual property without paying fair and reasonable royalties to which they have agreed,” Qualcomm executive vice president and general counsel Donald Rosenberg said in the statement. Under Apple’s instructions, the contract manufacturers stopped paying royalties on the Apple products they produce to Qualcomm last quarter, Rosenberg said in a teleconference with Taiwanese media yesterday. It also appears that Apple, in order to seduce its manufacturers to comply with it, said it would pay any damages arising from not paying Qualcomm, Rosenberg said. The agreements were entered into before Apple sold its first iPhone and Apple is not a party to the agreements, he said. However, the Taiwanese firms are continuing to pay Qualcomm royalties for use of its technology in non-Apple products under the same agreements that apply to the Apple products, Qualcomm said. “While we are aware of the lawsuit between Apple and Qualcomm, we have not received any formal communication related to this lawsuit and we do not have any further comments on the matter,” Hon Hai, which is known as Foxconn Technology Group (富士康) outside Taiwan, said in a statement late last night. Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal issued similar statements. This story has been viewed 1136 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-11 to 2017-05-18 Most read Most e-mailed 1 US strongly backs Taiwan’s WHA bid 2 [ LETTER ] 3 Medical group condemns Kuo Kuan-ying’s remarks on sexual assault 4 Green Island arts festival launched to remember era 5 Taiwanese officials ready to work from WHA sidelines MORE  1 Ministry to communicate with US over espionage 2 Retired military police officer indicted for spying 3 Giant’s net income falls on slowing Chinese demand 4 Second suspect investigated in spy case 5 Ruling supports Taishin’s bid MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Apple will finally sell 'made in India' iPhones - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple will finally sell 'made in India' iPhones Posted: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 12:37 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 18, 2017 1:36 AM EDT By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- After a long wait, Apple is about to start selling iPhones made in India. Production is beginning at the company's plant in Bangalore, and Apple plans to start selling the smartphones in India within the next two weeks, the company said in a statement emailed to CNNMoney. Apple has chosen the four-inch iPhone SE for the initial rollout, a "small number" of which are being assembled at its new plant in India's tech capital. "We'll begin shipping to domestic customers this month," Apple said in the statement. The news was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. India is expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world's second largest smartphone market this year, and Apple has been trying for years to grab a bigger piece of the action. Global rival Samsung currently dominates the Indian market, but Chinese brands such as Oppo and Vivo are also becoming increasingly popular. Apple's efforts to set up retail stores in the South Asian nation have so far been stymied by rules that require foreign vendors to build their products locally. After prolonged negotiations with the Indian government -- and even a visit by CEO Tim Cook last year -- the company finally decided to open the Bangalore plant, run by Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron. Apple already sells a wide range of products in India through its network of local distributors, but the cost of doing that is significantly higher because of the country's prohibitive import duties. The company did not reveal whether it plans to manufacture other models in India in the future, but the iPhone SEs made in Bangalore will likely be far cheaper than imports. And if the Silicon Valley giant plays its cards right, India could even get its first Apple Store soon. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] April 5, 2016 AAPL: 109.81 -1.31 iPhone SE diary: It’s day 5, and my decision is already made Ben Lovejoy - Apr. 5th 2016 7:41 am PT @benlovejoy iOS Devices iPhone Opinion iPhone SE iPhone SE review Comments (95) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I use this diary format to provide my take on iDevices for three reasons. First, because initial impressions can be misleading. Second, because tastes, of course, vary. And third, in recognition of the fact that you can’t really look at a single device in isolation – we also need to understand the role it plays in our own personal Apple ecosystem. If I were looking to have just two devices – a laptop and a phone – then there would be only one sensible choice for me: the iPhone 6s Plus. As a pocket computer (which is of course what the iPhone is), the iPhone 6s Plus is an extremely capable device which offers an excellent compromise between a smaller iPhone and an iPad. But, for me, that would be too great a compromise. I’d be giving up the ability to carry it in most trouser pockets (YTrousersMV) without gaining the usability benefits of an iPad-sized screen. It is, to me, a little too large for comfortable handling and a little too small for comfortable viewing and typing. I am, though, in the fortunate position of not having to make that kind of compromise. I have an array of iDevices, so I’m able to assign each a much more specific role – something which has a significant impact on my perception of the relative pros & cons of the iPhone 6s versus the iPhone SE … NordVPN My MacBook Pro is definitely my primary Apple device. I use it all day in my office, and in the evening carry it to the living-room where it becomes our main Netflix device and music system. My LTE iPad is clearly the number two device in my personal ecosystem. It goes pretty much everywhere with me, and is my go-to mobile device for everything from writing through web access to apps. My MacBook Air takes its place when mobile writing is the main task at hand. My Apple Watch does some of the things my iPhone used to do. Checking notifications, calendar appointments, weather, quick replies to messages and so on. So my iPhone now plugs the gap between Watch and iPad. That’s not to say it isn’t a useful device (leaving aside the fact that my Watch would be largely useless without it). There are things the Watch isn’t really able to do and where my iPad would be overkill. So the iPhone has a role in my personal Apple ecosystem, but a relatively small one – and that puts me in a rather luxurious position when it comes to deciding which phone best suits my needs. All of which is, of course, leading up to me reporting that, one week in, the smaller screen size of the iPhone hasn’t proven significantly problematic. I say ‘significantly’ because the smaller size is not entirely free from drawbacks, and not just because there’s more scrolling involved. One thing that only became apparent over the course of a few days is that there’s a secondary issue with smaller screens: the tap targets are also smaller. Many of today’s apps are designed with larger screens in mind, so buttons can sometimes be a little on the small side on a 4-inch screen. That hasn’t proven a deal-breaker for me, but it’s definitely a factor to consider. Did I mention that I absolutely love the classic design of the SE? I know it’s shallow, but let’s be honest here, great design is one of the reasons we all buy Apple kit. The UI and ecosystem may be bigger factors in the scheme of things, but we’re also people who appreciate gorgeous aesthetics and are willing to pay a (modest) premium for something as beautiful as it is functional. Design is, of course, subjective, and some people adore the iPhone 6/6s design; I’m just not one of them. As I said last time, it’s not that there’s anything wrong with the design of the larger iPhones, it’s just that – to me – there’s nothing special about it. But the iPhone 4/4S/5/5S – that’s beautiful. And timeless. While I’ve seen some complaining that Apple is selling a 2012 design in 2016, to me that’s testament to the fact that the design is a classic that stands the test of time. I’m willing to pay a premium for great design because every time I look at or use a stylish device, I’m glad I did. I never had that feeling about the iPhone 6 or 6s, but I do have it about the SE. Only this time, I don’t even have to pay a premium: I’d actually have money in my pocket after selling my 6s. Win-win. But it isn’t just the aesthetics that favor the SE, it’s also the handling. Again, there’s nothing actively wrong with the handling of the 6s, but it only felt ok in the hand rather than great. The SE feels perfect. Even in a crowded place, where there’s a risk of being jostled by the crowds, I never feel there’s any danger of dropping the phone. And unlike the sharpish edges of the 6s, the flat sides of the SE are comfortable. I honestly think that in terms of both looks and handling, the iPhone 5S cracked it – and Apple has yet to better the experience. Using the 5S form factor is, for me, almost perfect. I say almost perfect for one reason: the power button. I mentioned before that this moving back from the right-hand side of the phone to the top was something I had to get used to, and – silly as it might seem – that’s the single thing that has bothered me more than anything else! I do feel that the right side is a much more ergonomic location, allowing me to seamlessly switch off the phone after use. But it’s again no biggie. Part of the reason I’d be better off after selling a used 6s to pay for a new SE is that I’d be forced to downgrade from 128GB to 64GB. I suspect there are two reasons Apple limited the SE to just two storage tiers. First, that it sees the SE as a semi-budget phone, so doesn’t see much of a market for a 128GB model. But also because it’s hedging its bets a little, and wants to minimize the risk of cannibalizing sales of its flagship device by those who always buy the top-of-the-range model. In my first diary piece, explaining the reasons I was considering a switch in the first place, I said that 64GB felt a little tight, but I felt I could live with it. I bought the 128GB iPhone 6 and 6s because I’d rather pay over the odds for storage I’d never use than curse when I ran out of space. However, 18 months in (a year of the 128GB iPhone 6 then six months of the same size 6s), I peaked at 48GB used. I took the opportunity of the switch to the SE to do a little housekeeping (removing podcasts I was never going to play, apps I was never going to use again and audiobooks I’d already listened to), and that dropped me down to just 26GB. That means that 64GB gives me plenty of breathing space. Over time, that will probably creep back up again to 48GB, but I don’t think I’ll use more. I no longer feel that 64GB is tight, so storage needn’t be a factor in my decision. I wondered whether I’d miss 3D Touch. It’s possible that I’d regret losing it if it ever gets more committed support from both Apple and third-party developers, but so far, I really haven’t missed it. I said last time that I did habitually force-touch a couple of times, but I soon got used to not having it. Right now, at least, it’s not enough of a factor to influence my decision. The slower Touch ID, likewise, is something I adapted to really quickly. The downgrade to a 1.2MP camera might bother me if I were a selfie fan, but I’m someone who likes to be behind the lens rather than in front of it. I have never in my life taken a solo selfie. I probably average about one selfie a month with my partner or a friend, and those photos never go further than the phone, or perhaps Facebook, where 1.2MP does the job. As I mentioned in the introduction, what will be right for one person will be wrong for another, and the role the iPhone plays in our life will play a major role in determining which model is best for us. But for me – someone for whom the iPhone simply fills the smallish gap between the Apple Watch and the iPad – small is beautiful. It’s a more convenient size. It is, in my eyes, a much more pleasing design. And the switch involves only minor compromises which are well worth it to me. I was planning to give it my usual week before I made the decision, but I don’t need to: my decision is already made. My iPhone 6s is dead, long live the iPhone SE! Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iOS Devices Breaking news for iPhone, iPad, and iPod. Be the first to know about product launches, iOS updates, product carriers reports, and competitor analysis. View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Drew (@gettysburg11s) - 1 year ago Reply I totally agree Ben. My 6s is as good as sold. Using my SE is like coming home. Its exactly what I was looking for. World class speed, but in the best design Apple has ever had. I’ll definitely buy the SE 2 next year. applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply Not certain Apple will refresh the SE every year. It could be, but not certain… Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago My guess is this one will have an 18-month cycle first time out, to sync it with the others, then it will be an annual update. Grayson Mixon - 1 year ago The other two options would be a 6 month release cycle on this one to sync up (they did it with the iPad 3->4) or making this a one off (they did it with the iPhone 5c, but that was a slightly different situation). cdm283813 - 1 year ago Reply Trust me. Once Apple teases you with the iPhone 7 this year and iPhone 7S for 2017 you would have already updated the 5SE. Apple will not do yearly updates for the small model because it lacks the profit margins of the larger newer ones. Every move Apple makes has meaning. Their not going to have a $400 iphone compete spec wise with its flagship every year. In 5 months we are going to see another article from Ben on how he went from a 5SE to a 4.7″ iPhone 7 and fell back in love with the form factor. Just watch. I’ll bet money on it. That’s why I won’t fall for Apple’s trap phone. This phone only makes sence if you have a 5S or below. And personally I couldn’t go from a 5S to a 5SE because the design would bore me. I’m bad because I get tired of phones after 6 months. It also appears that Ben does as well but seeing that he only sticks with iOS devices his choices are limited. I have no problems switching back and forth between iOS and Android. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Heh, we’ll see! DarkMx2000 - 1 year ago Lol Ben you should have responded with “Challenge Accepted” 😂 Bob Dylan - 1 year ago Reply I switch from a 6s to a SE and the battery is about 4 hours longer applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply Really? That much longer? This just goes to show how much battery an iPhone could gain by keeping it the same thickness. As time evolves, batteries can get smaller and smaller while keeping the same battery life thanks to the chips and OS’ better energy efficiency. Yes the SE didn’t gain thickness but they keps the same thickness, while adding a more energy efficient chip inside the phone and making the battery bigger because there was more space for a bigger battery because of the shrinking components inside the 5S compared to the SE. But I do understand why Apple keeps wanting to make iPhones thinner and thinner. Device thinness has a highly underestimated wow-effect when it comes to devices that are already this thin. I mean the iPad Air looks like a fat-äss compared to iPad Air 2 and iPad Pro 9.7 inch. Just a difference of 1.4mm but that is a huge percentage of the overal thickness of the device. For me, iPhone 7 can keep the same thickness, hopefully components that were used for the 6S have shrunk enough to make the battery big enough for 1 – 2 hours added battery life. But knowing Apple, I think they will thin the iPhone down until it reaches a thinness that doesn’t allow more battery life than the 6S does. Dan (@danmdan) - 1 year ago Reply Mine is less than one inch longer ! applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply The thing I love about the SE is the price. I’m not going to whine about the fact the front facing camera is outdated because for this ridiculous price, I think nobody is allowed to complain. The battery life is awesome too. And the 5S had the best iPhone design ever, the SE has the exact sale design and is much more powerful than the 5S. Even though 4.7 inch iPhones will remain my default iPhone, I will get a Silver iPhone SE, the design is just much too gorgeous actually. It’s an absolute crime that such a beautiful device can be made. The reason I prefer the 5S/SE design to the iPhone 5 is because the Tough ID ring looks so slick on the white iPhone. pdoobs - 1 year ago Reply thanks for this series. i recently switched from using my 6s to an old 5s i still had laying around. the battery on the 5s is pretty much shot but it’s amazing how similar my experience mirrors yours. only thing holding me back from getting an SE is a feeling that Apple might release a 4 inch version of the iPhone 7 in the fall or possibly a redesigned 4.7 inch iPhone with a much smaller footprint. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply My guess is no update until the SEs(!) alongside the iPhone 7s. spiralynth - 1 year ago Reply That’s the sweet spot, and the next imperative step: a bigger screen within a smaller footprint. With proper engineering, Apple could easily fit a 4.7″ screen in the 5/s/SE body. Physically placing a 5/s/SE on top of a 6/S allows one to play around with this idea. Even leaving the physical home button as-is, the entirety of the 5’s footprint would stop at the top edge of the 6’s screen (right up to the bottom edge of its forehead). Or, symmetrically reduce the 6’s chin and forehead by 50% and remove the home button. Either way, this reduces the 6’s footprint by 1/2″ or so in height and 1/4″ in width (even more with an edge-to-edge screen) while leaving the 4.7″ screen intact. I believe we all want a smaller phone, but none of us want a smaller screen. I’m glad people are buying the SE (as I’m happy with anything that garners AAPL more $ale$), but I won’t be switching to a smaller phone until it has a larger screen (it will eventually happen). nateo200 - 1 year ago Reply Interesting decision! Surprised to see the amount of people going from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone SE. I really like the iPhone SE but I prefer my 6. If it had been available alongside the original iPhone 6 I might have bitten, you see I wanted a 4″ screen iPhone 6 and my iPhone 6 also practically lives in its case because the thing is too slippery. I truly miss my iPhone 4 and iPhone 5c and although I never had a 5 or 5S I loved that design, it was and is the perfect phone design for a 4″ screen phone, when it came out I loved the iPhone 5 because I was so worried that it would rapidly depart from the iPhone 4 design but it didn’t! If I had a reason to have two cell phones the iPhone SE or even a used iPhone 5S would be it. I also see the SE as a great “work phone”, my dad is issued a work phone being an executive and he is given the choice of a variety of iPhone’s and some other phones that meet the companies security standards, for lower employees who need a work phone I could see the iPhone SE being perfect for that task, it gets the job done. nateo200 - 1 year ago Reply One last note: I hope the 5S / SE design is continued on for at least 2 more cycles for the budget phone level at least…its a timeless design. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Yes, I was really surprised in the poll to see how many people are planning the switch from a larger iPhone. BeyondtheTech (@BeyondtheTech) - 1 year ago Reply When I went from the 5s to the 6 Plus, the screen size difference was ginormous. Fast forward to the the 6s Plus, and I still feel like the size is just too big for my hands and being able to type or access everything one-handed is cumbersome. But, because Apple decided to include optical image (then video) stabilization features on the Plus models, I don’t like new features offered only one version and not the other, so I had to get the 6/6s Plus versions. Here’s hoping they don’t do the same thing again, but I wouldn’t put it past the people at Cupertino. Make ‘size’ the only difference between the upcoming iPhone 7 models! Greg Kaplan (@kaplag) - 1 year ago Reply Yea yea yea Small phones are awesome for some people – even tech people like Ben. Ughghgh I just want them to be in stock now so I can get mine. What the hell. Apple should have had plenty of stock of these things ready to go. There shouldn’t be any production issues since the body is almost exactly the same. Yet I’m hunting for in store pickup notifications since I don’t want to wait two weeks for one to ship. I really hope this leads to more 4″ devices and not just a back burner model. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply I think Apple may have been taken by surprise at the level of demand, despite rumors to the contrary. Jake Becker - 1 year ago Reply That old screen tho….. but I hope the small form factor has a permanent place in the lineup. I love my 6S. As I’ve opined before, the Plus is the expendable one if anything. Either that goes or the iPad Mini goes. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Yeah, I was worried about whether the screen will bug me, but I haven’t looked at any photos on it since, so … Chris Cicero - 1 year ago Reply To each their own, having a 6+ means I no longer take my iPad mini with me, which is a huge+ Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Yep, I can definitely see that. blakthundar - 1 year ago Reply “…a huge+” <– I see what you did there :-D Vikter Barcel (@VikterBarcel) - 1 year ago Reply My experience seems to be the mirror image of yours. I currently carry two phones on a daily basis. I have a 5s as a work phone, and the 6 as my personal phone. When given the option of performing a task on either phone, I find myself always reaching for the 6. The size and screen are far more favorable for me. I will say that I agree on one point within your review. While I have no problems holding and typing with just one hand, even while walking, the phone is more resting against my fingers, rather than being grasped. As opposed to the 5s which is firmly grasped. This has never been a problem, but I live in Mississippi and not an overpopulated city. cameroncovington - 1 year ago Reply For you, I can completely see how using an iPhone SE would be better than a 4.7 inch iPhone 6s. Since you carry an iPad around everywhere, there’s no doubt you’d be fine with a smaller phone. Zac, however, will cave and return his, I believe. Jon Miller (@Jon_J_Miller) - 1 year ago Reply Thanks to your brilliant in-depth reviews I have now got an SE on order and upgrading from my 5S. Jan Hofmann (@JanWHofmann) - 1 year ago Reply – The lack of 128GB flash is the only thing that keeps me from buying it. But my contract is due in fall, maybe there will be a 128GB version. – For me the power button on the top is a much better place. I accidently turn my iP6 off very often while trying to take a picture with the volume rocker – I still dont get why Apple doesnt simply offer the flaghip model also in 4″. I would pay the same like for the 4.7″. Same tech, same flash. To fit all these things, make it friggin thicker. j. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Yes, identical specs in different sizes would be ideal, but Apple is trying to do two different (and slightly incompatible) things here: appeal to those who just prefer the smaller form-factor, but also offer an entry-level phone to those new to iPhones. It’s very tough to do both, and in all honesty I’m surprised the spec is as good as it is. jerrygrundle - 1 year ago Reply Beyond screen size, the one concern I have is that the SE supports fewer LTE bands than the 6s. As a Verizon customer in the United States, should this be a concern for me? Here in the crowded DC market, Verizon LTE data speeds on my current iPhone 5 have left a lot to be desired. I’m hoping that gaining access to additional bands will help speed things up, and I don’t want to miss out by picking the wrong phone. John Smith - 1 year ago Reply I’ve got a relative in pretty much the same position as Ben – got a cellular equipped iPad mini so doesn’t want or need a big screen on the phone. I don’t hear any early production faults found by Ben – or by other people – which is another advantage of established/tested tech. I guess we’re off to buy an SE this weekend. Richard Hallas - 1 year ago Reply The article says: “unlike the sharpish edges of the 6s”. Eh??! Where on earth are those?! I think the 6s resembles a block of soap! All the edges are rounded, and there’s nothing sharp in sight; unlike the new SE, which does at least have some corners. I have to say that, as a 6s Plus user, I wouldn’t want to go back to the tiny screen… much as I loved my first iPhone (a 4S), my eyes didn’t like enjoy the necessary squinting. As for design, though, absolutely my favourite iPhone ever is the 4S. As soon as I saw it announced, I knew the time had come and I just had to have one. What a beautiful device. I *loved* the all-glass back. I also liked the symmetrical antenna bands (the one design feature that let the previous iPhone 4 down). For those people who say they were too easy to break, I say: take better care of your valuable equipment! My 4S is still in pristine condition. And it’s still running iOS 6, because that lovely old UI is the software complement to the beauty of the physical design. It dates from before Apple “embraced the ugly” and threw all its best design work away. I like the 5/5s design, but I always thought the little glass windows at the top and bottom of an otherwise metal back looked rather stupid. The full glass panel of the 4S was just so much better. As for the mixture of metal back and plastic ‘spacers’ on the 6/6s, they’re as ugly as hell and make the back of the phone look like a weird pair of Y-fronts! And I’m another non-fan of the sticking out camera. But I’ve covered my 6s Plus with an Apple black leather case, which solves both problems and makes the phone look good. I do hope that Apple eventually goes back to the iPhone 4-style all-glass back; or, at least, a design without ugly antenna bands (somehow). One final good thing about the iPhone 4/4S/5/5s/SE models is that, because they have flat sides, you can put them down on their edges and leave them to take a timed photo. That’s virtually impossible with all other models because you can’t stand them on their curved edges. Anyway, for me, I’ll be continuing with the larger phones in the future because they’re kindest to my eyes (and I keep my phone in my shirt pocket, so my trousers are irrelevant!). However, I’m glad to see Apple doing what it’s doing with the iPhone SE. I don’t want one myself, but it’s clearly a good idea for Apple to continue to support the traditional small size. Perhaps Apple should stick with a choice of Small, Medium and Large sizes in ALL of its portable devices (phones, tablets, laptops)… Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Apple certainly needs to simplify the messy iPad line now … Grayson Mixon - 1 year ago I completely agree with that. They need to rationalize the Macbook, iPad, and now iPhone situation. And most of it has to do with just rebranding to make things clear. They should eliminate the Macbook Air 11 and the Macbook Pro 13. The only question is whether the Macbook 12″ should be branded as an Air or Mini and whether the Macbook Air 13″ should just be the Macbook. Macbook (Air? Mini?) 12″ Macbook Air 13″ Macbook Pro 15″ They should have released the iPad Pro 9.7 as the iPad Air 3 at the same price as the iPad Air 2. iPad Mini 8″ iPad Air 10″ iPad Pro 13″ They should have released the iPhone SE as the iPhone 6S Mini, and change Plus to Pro to fit with their other naming conventions. It’s the only Plus in their product line. iPhone Mini 4″ iPhone (Air?) 4.7″ iPhone Pro 5.5″ Three sizes. Pretty clear. Mini->Air->Pro. They can sell the last two models at reduced prices, as they have done pretty consistently, the only deviation being in the 5C and SE. Their desktop line is pretty consistent already. Mac Mini iMac 21″ iMac 27″ Mac Pro Grayson Mixon - 1 year ago Actually, Ben, have you considered writing an article on this? Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago It might be a short one, but you know me, once I get going … :-) Grayson Mixon - 1 year ago Short for you is long for everyone else, and I say that as a good thing. It’s the kind of topic that is interesting that other people don’t really cover. They may post a short paragraph or two that naming conventions are confusing now, and there are too many variations, but a post with a short history of paring down product lines at Apple and some suggestions on what to eliminate and rebrand? Nobody has done a piece like that. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Yes, that would be a fun topic – thanks for the suggestion, and watch this space … taoprophet420 - 1 year ago Ben the iPad line has been messy for a long time now.It started about the time they had the iPad 4, iPad Air, iPad mini and iPad mini 2 all for sell out the same time. Add in the mini forever having year to 2 year old hardware inside and Apple keeping the legacy models around for 2 years or so.They still for some reason are selling the 2 and half year old mini 2. My main problem with the iPads now is the naming and not sure with how the Air 2 i priced to if there is a reason to keep the mini around. Seeing the HP Spectre with i3 or i5 chips inside and 3 usb-c ports makes my desire to see new 13″ and 15″ Air even stronger. I would like to see the laptop lineup like this. 12″ MacBook (Education model with A series chip) 12″ MacBook 13′ MacBook Air 15″ MacBook Air 14″ MacBook Pro 16″ MacBook Pro Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago I’d certainly love to think that the 12-inch MacBook is a precursor to 14- and 16-inch models. alanol - 1 year ago Reply Thoughtful article. I absolutely agree on the style issue. The 4/5 series design IS classic. It’s sort of like the difference between a Cross pen and a Mont Blanc. Both functionally great, but one just feels to me more like fine instrument. The pocketability is the critical thing tho’. I simply cannot sit in the car with a 6s in my pocket! It digs into my gut, so I have scads of dashboard cradles and stuff to hold it while driving. I will switch. tonywmd23 - 1 year ago Reply Congrats Ben! I myself will probably not give up on all the five-and-a-half inches of goodness that my 6s plus has to offer, but I’m certainly sold on the concept of wanting a flagship phone with manageable form factor. Actually I’m planning on getting the 9,7″ iPad pro, for similar reasons. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply I’ll update on that later this week :-) Ron Cronovich - 1 year ago Reply Big fan of 9to5mac here, check it daily, grateful for all the useful news & info. But, knowing that the iPhone SE is the best option for someone with an arsenal of iDevices is of limited value to most people. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply As I say in the intro, what else we own will influence this decision. There will be others like me out there with an arsenal of iDevices, for whom this will be totally on-point, and there will be people out there whose only iDevice is an iPhone, for whom it won’t. Grayson Mixon - 1 year ago Reply I agree. 9to5 is far better than that other site, and Ben is the best writer on the site. You literally can’t get this stuff anywhere else. sally (@FedGoat) - 1 year ago Reply I thought the article was well written and helpful. Makes me feel “validated” in my decision to order the SE tonight. Can’t wait to get it and this article just made me want it more. applegetridofsimandjack - 1 year ago Reply Ben, what about battery life of the SE? Could you also tell me which iPhone you owned has had the best iPhone battery of all, just curious. I have found the iPhone 4 having the best battery life of all iPhones I have ever owned. And I have owned a 3Gs, iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6, iPhone 6S. Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply I’m a rubbish tester of battery life as I work from a home office, so usually my phone is only used on battery in the evenings. But certainly I can say I’m seeing less power usage on the SE than the 6S. jak24 - 1 year ago Reply I am awaiting the 5.8″ iPhone in 2017 ;-) I always carry my iphone in a backpack, not in my jeans pockets … (that’s unhealthy anyway) Jimmy Hauser - 1 year ago Reply I still prefer the larger screen. But the power button; that was the single dumbest design change ever. How many times have I turned off the screen by accident when trying to change the volume. I know it won’t happen, but I wish they would move the power button on the iphone 7 back to the top where it belongs. nachMexiko (@nachMexiko) - 1 year ago Reply Agree, long live the iPhone SE! jkruehne - 1 year ago Reply detailed article, cool. good points. I also agree about the 5(s) form factor – one of the best designs made, beside iPhone 1 (at its time) and 3Gs (which was my favourite) [“…that Apple is selling a 2012 design in 2016, to me that’s testament to the fact that the design is a classic that stands the test of time.”] • isn’t it more a fact that they don’t have to redesign the whole thing? product wise it would be more elegant to have three sizes (small, normal, “pro”) in same form factor, for each of their device categories (as someone here point it out, too) • for an upcoming device series, apple will for sure adopt one design for all sizes… … if not? at least they will stick an apple on back :D Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply I very much hope Apple will stick with the classic design for future iterations of the SE – and I think it helps differentiate the models, so I’d say there’s a decent chance this will happen. jkruehne - 1 year ago yes, would be fine to keep that cool design for a while. even I think a aligned series would be more “professional” for upcoming iterations. blakthundar - 1 year ago Reply I have my 6S+ and love it, and would likely consider going to the SE as I have a Watch, iPad Pro, MacBook Pro combo. However, I have such big and uncoordinated thumbs that I would hate texting on the thing and I find texting by voice to be socially awkward (for me). Basically, I want Apple to shrink the bezels down on the + and keep it the same thickness because I would appreciate greater one hand usability. taoprophet420 - 1 year ago Reply We won’t see reduced bezels until Apple switches to OLED. Sounds like currently we will see a 5.8″ model next year with reduced bezels and 5″ model in 2018. I have always been a 2 handed user so, the size does not matter for me unless I’m holding it for a call.I agree about using Siri or diction in public. Hell even alone i find it awkward dictating my messages and talking tom phone. Substance (@substance104) - 1 year ago Reply I’m still waiting for my pre orders to ship (bought 2 iPhone SE 64gb Space Grey), the more I read your beautiful previews the more my wait becomes unbearable. I did read today the iPhone SE is sold out in the UAE! Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Hope your wait isn’t too long! Substance (@substance104) - 1 year ago Thank you :) should be a few more days. SowderImagery - 1 year ago Reply I came from a Android S6 Edge Plus (relatively the same size as a 6S Plus). Long story how I moved from Android to iOS, basically my sons 5S got wet and ruined the Touch ID (he bought a new phone) so I set out to fix it by buying a used 5S and making 1 phone out out of two. Complete success! Why? Because working on a 5S is so EASY, I mean ridiculously easy. Then once I dropped a SIM in and played with it a few days I found myself ditching the Samsung and using the 5S. The size is perfect and screen is great OS very responsive and the chassis of the 5S is truly something to behold. After a few weeks I sold my Samsung and won’t return, the 5S design is the best ever (I’ve owned at least 20 windows/android phones through the years). When I learned there was a “new” 5S coming out with new hardware I couldn’t believe it! It really goes to show how many people like this “older” design, enough so that Apple dropped new hardware in it. I’ve been using the SE for 6 days (partial day last Thursday) and it truly is now, in my opinion, the best phone on the planet. I’ve never been an Apple fan but the 5S/SE hooked me. New dilemma – switch from my Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 to a iPad Pro 9.7 hmmmmmm Substance (@substance104) - 1 year ago Reply I think you should give the iPad a chance. The iPad Air 2 is blazing fast and fantastic value, you are comfortable with iOS, both iPhone and iPad work great together. Share apps, photo stream, use iCloud Keychain, use the hands off thingi where phone calls / iMessages on your iPhone will be received on your iPad also. aces99 - 1 year ago Reply I hope they update the screen on the next SE to make it the same as the 4.7″ iPhone. sally (@FedGoat) - 1 year ago Reply You already have that option. its the 6 and 6S…. what would be the point of making the small, one handed phone, bigger… Just get a case the squares the edges… What? smh…. blakthundar - 1 year ago They aren’t talking about the size of the screen, but rather numbers of pixels/quality of the screen itself. So use the same screen from the 4.7″, but cut down to the 4″ size. MyNudies (@MyNudies) - 1 year ago Reply I definitely agree with you on design. It’s the best design ever applied to a phone and I’m so happy they saved it. Although I wish they would have kept the black casing of the 5. I’ve also done a lot of housekeeping, but not only apps, but hardware. I used to have the same lineup as you, but got rid of the Air, iPad, and Watch. LESS IS MORE…at least for me. The Watch causes stress. The Air is redundant now when Pro is smaller. The iPad was just a big screen phone and not always within reach, which my phone is. I keep it simple. My MacBook Pro is for productivity and content creation, while my iPhone SE is for content consumption and communication. It covers everything. I only need those two items, and boy is it a relief. Jeff Chuang - 1 year ago Reply As a person who has designed for a living, I’d like to point out one thing that I think many designers hate, including the late Steve Jobs – the misconception that “design” is how something “looks”. As he said, it’s not just how something looks, but how something works. There are many things out there that “look” great, but are terrible designs. Almost always though, if something is designed to work elegantly and well, it also happens to look pretty nice. Form follows function. The iPhone’s great aesthetics come from its great design leap from the “phones” of the pre-phone era, having eliminated all the cumbersome physical buttons and replaced them with a clean interface to work with in new and better ways. I also happen to prefer the smaller iPhone. It just feels right in your hand. It feels secure and solid It’s less reach for your thumb. The harder perpendicular edges and depth give you a better grip and sense of how the phone is oriented. For me, it’s like a glove that fits just right. That’s what makes it a great classic design. sally (@FedGoat) - 1 year ago Reply I ordered my SE tonight. Can’t wait. Absolutely love the design. I am one of those that actually hates the look of the 6 series. So much so, I sold it and got an android device. Now that the SE has top end specs for such a low price, it’s a no brainer for me. Returning the Android device. I never take selfies, I actually turned 3D touch off, hated the feature. Reachability is another ignorant feature ( just get rid of auto arrange and let us put the icons on the bottom instead of auto arranging as FAR away from the user as possible…. /rant off) Can’t wait. 7-10 days… ugh a lifetime when you want it NOW. Chris Leiter - 1 year ago Reply I agree with the style – the 5/5s were awesome designs. The size is too small though. I tried using a 5 the other day, and simply couldn’t do it. Going from the 6S Plus to that tiny screen, not easy. And I know people who still use a 4 or 4S!! However, storage space is the ‘killer app’ for me right now. I’m in the camp of ‘bigger is always better’ when it comes to storage. I have a 128 6S Plus, and I only have 10GB free. When you have tens of thousands of photos, even with ‘optimize iphone storage’ turned on, you take up TONS of space. Also, I have about 320 apps on the phone. And iMessage.. like 10GBs just for iMessage.. how people get by with a 16gb iphone, I’ll never understand. I need the 256GB iPhone 7. You hear that, Apple? Make your flagship, dual camera phone with 256 as the top tier. I need it. cdm283813 - 1 year ago Reply I have the 6S and have zero complaints about its size and I have average hands. I never have issues about the phone being too big in the pocket. 4.7″ is a nice balance between 4″ and 5.5″. But because Apple will gimp the smaller models I’ve decided on getting a low storage Plus model when iPhone 7 comes and use it in place of my iPad Air 2. I find myself using my phone in bed because its lighter and faster. And I’m going with the Samsung S7 as my daily driver due to the features to size ratio. Judging from the leaks Apple has made no progress on reducing the footprint on the plus model to make it pocket friendly so it’s unrealistic to use it as my daily device. There is just no perfect size, device or OS so I mix it up. But 4″ is just too small by today’s standards. DarkMx2000 - 1 year ago Reply Awesome article I’m glad that you went into more detail as to why you like over the other a lot of other reviews seem to lack the detail and time you put into this article which is why it was so enjoyable to read. Keep up the excellent work 👍 Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply Thanks, Dark, I appreciate the kind comment. John Terry - 1 year ago Reply Thanks for your honest appraisal. My Apple “ecosystem” is similar to yours. I currently use a 6s and have been underwhelmed by it. (It’s mostly the size.) I’m seriously considering selling it and moving to the SE after reading your article. Sean Keo (@SeanKeo1) - 1 year ago Reply Love my iPhone SE 64gb! Same thoughts exactly as this review, and while I know the big iphones will live on in my coworkers purses, my small pocket says “long live the SE!!!” Now, will they release another small one or was this it? Is there enough people buying it yet? rshillyshally - 1 year ago Reply I’ve got an iPhone 6s Plus. I was seriously considering the SE. I have arthritis so the larger screen is a little difficult for me to use. Any thoughts? Ben Lovejoy - 1 year ago Reply I’d say it very much depends what you do with it – and in particular whether you also have an iPad. rshillyshally - 1 year ago Actually I just got an iPad. And as far as what I do with the phone….I guess make calls and send messages, look at Facebook. Nathan Woods (@4wdphoto) - 1 year ago Reply Am I alone in hating the power button being opposite the volume controls on the iPhone 6 platform? Every time I turn off my screen, I change the volume settings on my phone. Drives me crazy! I FAR prefer it on top, out the way, where activating it has no further consequence than that intended! SowderImagery - 1 year ago Reply I’m with you on that one! Annie Kammerer - 1 year ago Reply Thanks so much for this. I have been out of space on my iPhone 5s for a while, but hated the bigger designs. I was wondering if I was being silly hoping for a small version…yea for the SE. Everything you said rings so true, particularly as I have the exact same ecosystem setup. I don’t need an iPad replacement….and I am forever running through airports or holding onto a train handrail working the phone with one hand (never dropped yet). One guy posted that you’ll regret going to the SE once the 7 comes out. Hah. Not everyone runs to the latest thing if it doesn’t fit what they actually want or need. I need something I can operate with one hand. Period. Herry Sudharma - 1 year ago Reply finally my iphone se has arrived… John Goering ن (@epaga) - 1 year ago Reply Totally agree with this – the moment I realized I could sell my 64 gb 6s and buy a new 64 gb SE for LESS, I pulled the trigger. The Apple Store guy told me LOTS of people are switching back to the smaller form factor. Here’s hoping Apple starts releasing 3 size models from now on and doesn’t treat the SE as an afterthought. Sebastian Syder - 1 year ago Reply The phone I am interested in is the iphone SE. Ok everybody loves 64 gig phones but just say i don’t want to store videos, images or music, but want a phone capable of making phone calls and recording voice. Does a 16 gig cut it? Why is an iPhone so preferable to an Android when one has a Mac Laptop? Monty™© MCMLXXII - 1 year ago Reply My work phone is a 16 gig 5S. I’ve used it as you’ve described for 2 years and I’ve still got 2 gig left so I’d say yes. Sebastian Syder - 1 year ago Thanks for your input Dan (@danmdan) - 1 year ago Reply I bought my 64G 5SE just hours after it became available here in U.K., simply because it was significantly cheaper at £439 GBP than my alternate choice of 6S costing £619. It makes me real uneasy to carry around such an expensive instrument in the £600+ phone, – when one of my specific needs is a small high quality camera – a need beautifully fulfilled by the 64G SE. And I even still use and cherish my first model 8G iPhone – still working and charging its battery – I plan to keep t to see how long it will continue to do both. I also have two Cubes, also working, heats my study very well ! Dan Rossi - 1 year ago Reply Would a 5s and and a SE use the same iPhone cover? IndianaJones114 (@ChicagoHeatWave) - 1 year ago Reply I still have my iPhone 4s (and the original iPhone) and I am currently using an iPhone 6. I’m contemplating getting the SE and I went to see one in person to re-visit that phone size, and man it seemed so small! But the reason I’m thinking about getting it is BECAUSE of the power button being on top. I can’t STAND it on the side of the 6. Every time I go to adjust the volume, pick it up or hold it, I’m pressing that damn power button! I don’t know why they moved it to the side but those engineers should go back to the school of aesthetics. I agree with Richard–the 4s was the best, as far as design goes. Kimberly Gillem Griffing - 12 months ago Reply My I[hone 6 had a catastrophic accident so I purchased an Iphone 5 SE and didn’t have any adjustment in size problem and love it!!! I actually like better than my 6! HollowGrapeJ - 10 months ago Reply Awesome. I definitely need one of these. It looks nice and it would be my first Apple device. If not, then there’s always the iPod Touch 6 or iPad. Lol. ken coleman (@KWC311) - 10 months ago Reply I had the 6 plus for almost two years and after a few months of the SE being out I made the switch. I honestly had enough of the larger screen. It is obviously better for viewing videos and playing certain games, but I can do those things on my computer at work or my computer at home. I also don’t think 4” is that small of a screen. It’s perfect for simple tasks such as texts,emails,pictures etc. I never loved the design of the 6. I always loved the design of the 5 and it feels great in hand. I much prefer the squared edges vs the rounded of the 6. The SE packs a punch. That amount of tech in a tiny form factor is impressive and I don’t feel like I am missing out my having a smaller phone. I would gladly buy the next iteration of the SE next time around. It would be nice to see a lineup next year as such: iPhone (4″) iPhone Air (4.7”) iPhone Pro (5.5”) Same design and form factor for all three. Robsa (@Robsa5) - 10 months ago Reply Totally agree! I am the person who actually bought a 2015 MacBook 12″ too! I travel a lot and mainly use it for writing and media consumption so for me it’s perfect. I moved from a Samsung Galaxy S6 to the SE in a moment of giddy madness, expecting that I would be howling in frustration in the OS change, but I have been pleasantly surprised – iOS has moved on since the iPhone4S! I can even stream music and videos via cloud without iTunes trying to take control of it. The S6 has an amazing screen and brilliant camera, but dreadful battery life and annoying stutter OS and poor memory management. The SE screen is absolutely fine, battery is much much better and as you say, the design… in space grey it’s a total classic, like a Leica camera. The 6S is fine, but unremarkable – the SE just, to my eyes, looks like a total design classic. I love the way in nestles in my hand, smooth, cool and solid like a piece of alien technology somehow. I think iOS has lost out in the design stakes now – after having all these bits bolted on (the swipe up and down screens for instance) it’s a bit of a mess. They need a completely fresh redesign – 10th anniversary maybe? That’s a small thing, though really. I am also pleasantly surprised by Apple Maps and Siri here in the south of England – not anywhere near as bad as I had been led to believe. It’s lovely having a really smooth OS again, but the annoying lack of screen response seems to be the only real problem I have experienced – I frequently have to tap a button over and over and over before it engages. All round, I LOVE the SE! HollowGrapeJ - 10 months ago Reply Great to hear! Sounds nice! Harry Frank Orlish IV - 2 days ago Reply Thanks for the info, this made my decision a whole lot easier. Going from Android to Ios I had no idea. However now I am comfortable with buying this phone and seeing if ios is right for me. Thanks again Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Newswires NASDAQ:QCOM Qualcomm sues Apple device makers for unpaid royalties Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 16:24 17 May 2017 The popularity of smartphones has been a real boon to chip-maker Qualcomm - as it has been for Apple Qualcomm and Apple are at loggerheads over high prices (Qualcomm's - not Apple's) Semiconductor technology company Qualcomm Inc (NASDAQ:QCOM) has sued four manufacturers of Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) devices, claiming it has not been paid royalties it is due. The move is the latest salvo in its running battle with the iPhone maker, which has reportedly instructed Taiwanese companies Foxconn Technology Group, Pegatron Corp, Wistron Corp and Compal Electronics not to pay Qualcomm royalties for the first quarter of 2017 until a legal spat between the two US companies is resolved in court. Apple sued the chip-maker in January, accusing it of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay around US$1bn in promised rebates. Apple has also reportedly offered to make good any losses the device makers may suffer as a result of breaching their agreements with Qualcomm. The chip-maker has seized on this as an admission of guilt. "While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm's inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple's instructions not to pay," Qualcomm’s statement said. Apple, known for charging eye-watering amounts for its products – especially its peripherals – sued Qualcomm in January claiming it abused its monopoly position to impose "onerous, unreasonable and costly” terms on customers. Shares in Qualcomm were down 0.5% after an hour of trading but that was about half the level of the fall suffered by the wider market.  They closed out down 1.05% on the day. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version John Harrington Register here to be notified of future QCOM Company articles View full QCOM profile QUALCOMM Timeline Newswire April 28 2017 Qualcomm warns on earnings as Apple stops payments Article November 05 2015 Qualcomm announces strategic review after lowering earnings guidance Newswire September 18 2015 Qualcomm to cut 1,300 jobs in San Diego Newswire July 23 2015 Qualcomm to cut jobs, spending, issues weak current-quarter guidance; shares drop Newswire September 12 2013 Qualcomm gains on new $5 bln stock-buyback plan Article January 05 2011 Qualcomm confirms $3.1 billion deal for Atheros; ARM Holdings rises in London trading Newswire January 04 2011 Atheros Communications surges on press speculation of bid from Qualcomm Newswire December 20 2010 Qualcomm To Sell Wireless Spectrum To AT&T For $1.93 Billion View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in QUALCOMM View full company profile QUALCOMM engages in the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of digital wireless telecommunications products and services based on its Code Division Multiple Access technology. It markets its products through direct sales force, partnerships, and... Read more QUALCOMM engages in the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of digital wireless telecommunications products and services based on its Code Division Multiple Access technology. It markets its products through direct sales force, partnerships, and distributors worldwide Hide text Market: NASDAQ EPIC: QCOM 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Proactive Investors Recommended San Leon unveils premium funding for Nigeria deal Corero recovering after September stumble Amedeo Resources set for key milestone as first rig nears completion International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #IPL News #Cannes 2017 #Reema Lagoo #Mumbai Crime #Kulbhushan Jadhav #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Mumbai: Nalasopara couple battle rape case, pregnancy; now fight for kid Mumbai: Hero stray dogs poisoned to death at Dahisar society ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES IPL 2017: Meet Washington Sundar - The man who derailed Mumbai IPL 2017: Worst batting effort of the season for Mumbai Indians, fumes Rohit Sha ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai: Savour Anglo-Indian flavours at this pop-up in Khar Not just 'WannaCrypt,' a cryptocurrency attack is generating digital cash fast ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES 'Simran' producer talks about Kangana Ranaut's writing credit controversy Salman Khan is house-hunting for special friend Iulia Vantur in Bandra ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Apple begins production of iPhone SE model in India By IANS | Bengaluru | Posted 17-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ In a bid to gain foothold in the fast-growing Indian smartphone market, Apple on Wednesday announced commencement of initial production of its popular iPhone SE model at its Bengaluru facility. "We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we'll begin shipping to domestic customers this month," Apple told IANS in an email. Apple has begun assembling iPhone SE models with Wistron Corporation, its Taiwanese manufacturing partner. In February, Karnataka's Minister of State for IT Priyank Kharge had said that Apple plans to make its iPhones in Bengaluru. "An Apple team discussed with us its proposal to set up a plant in Bengaluru to make iPhones for the Indian and global markets," said Kharge. The Apple team, led by iPhone Operations Vice-President Priya Balasubramaniam, Government Affairs Head Ali Khanafer, iPhone Operations Director Dheeraj Chugh and Country Counsel Priyesh Povanna had discussed the proposals with the state officials in the presence of the minister. According to latest data from consumer knowledge and insights firm Kantar Worldpanel, India is a key country for Apple moving forward. "Apple accounted for 3 percent of sales in the most recent period but has recently made several strategic moves in India, including teaming up with Reliance Jio to offer free 4G service for one year to purchasers of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also planning to manufacture iPhones in India in the near future to deflect some of the high import taxes that make iPhones inaccessible to many Indian buyers," the report stated. Apple iPhone 5S has also emerged as the top premium smartphone in seven states while other versions of iOS-driven devices occupy the top five premium spots in non-metro states. Apple has been eyeing India for a greater pie of its growing smartphones market. According to the latest data from IDC, Samsung leads in the market with a 28.1 percent share, followed by Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi, Vivo, Lenovo and Oppo. Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: Indian smartphone market Apple products Apple production apple iPhone SE model Apple Bengaluru unit tech technology lifestyle Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous Story'This' new app lets you shop for your home using smartphone cameraNext Story Google Android OS installed on 2 billion active devices Related Stories Launched! Vivo V5s smartphone with 20MP front camera hits Indian market Technology News | 27-Apr-2017 India will again be a key market for us: Nokia Technology News | 01-Mar-2017 Black Pearl Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge to be available in India from December 30 Technology News | 26-Dec-2016 Indian women more hooked to smartphones than men: Report Technology News | 21-Dec-2016 Chinese brands a huge success in Indian smartphone market: Report Technology News | 27-Oct-2016 iPhone SE to start selling in India from April 8 for Rs 39,000 Technology News | 22-Mar-2016 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding People Power! How Kandivli locals won back a 30,000 sq ft park National News|16-May-2017 Photos: Malaika Arora gets a manicure, foot massage at Bandra spa Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Photos: Gauri Khan and Shweta Bachchan at Karan Johar's bash Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Ranbir Kapoor gets raunchy with mystery woman, photos go viral Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Spotted: Aamir Khan's ex-wife Reena Dutta in Bandra Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Shocking! Kamaal R Khan reveals his mother wanted to poison him Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Mumbai: Man dies at police station after getting beaten with bare hands Crime News|16-May-2017 Teen girl kills self by lying down in front of moving train near Dombivli National News|16-May-2017 Groom's family forces bride to strip suspecting skin disease National News|16-May-2017 Sanaya Irani: It's a big deal for a show to be getting a season 3 Television News|15-May-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Veteran actress Reema Lagoo passes away in Mumbai Bollywood News|2 hours IPL 2017: Meet Washington Sundar - The man who derailed Mumbai IPL News News|2 hours Mumbai: Nalasopara couple battle rape case, pregnancy; now fight for kid National News|4 hours Arnab Goswami accused of theft, even 'Sridevi' named in FIR National News|6 hours Justin Bieber Mumbai concert: 'VIP' fans recall horrific experience Hollywood News|13-May-2017 'Sarkar 3' Movie Review Bollywood News|12-May-2017 Tamil Nadu 12th Result 2017: TN Board HSC +2 Results declared; check at tnresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|12-May-2017 Mumbai woman's charred limbs found, family considers committing suicide Crime News|14-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
